“Satou Kazuma-san, welcome to the afterlife. Unfortunately, you’ve died. It might’ve been short, but your life’s now over.”
Someone suddenly spoke to me in a pure white room.
The sudden turn of events confused me.
In the room was an office desk and a chair, and the one who announced that my life was over sat on said chair.
If there was a goddess, she had to be it.
Her beauty was beyond the idols shown on television; she had a glamour that surpassed humans.
She had long, silky smooth blue hair.
She seemed to be about my age.
She wasn’t too busty nor too lacking, and had a light-purple hagoromo draped over her clothes.
The beauty blinked her eyes, which were the same aqua-blue colour as her hair, and stared at me as I tried to figure out what was going on.
… I thought about what had happened moments ago.
… I usually coop myself up at home, so it was rare for me to go outside.
To purchase a limited first-release version of a popular online game, I got up early to queue up.
Society addressed people like me as a ‘hikikomori’.
After buying the game, it was time to return home to play to my heart’s content. I was in a great mood as I anticipated this while walking home,, but at that moment…
A girl was looking down on her cell phone and walking before me.
From her uniform, she would’ve been studying at the same school as me.
After seeing the lights turn green, the girl didn’t check traffic and crossed the road immediately.
A large shadow loomed toward her.
It had to have been a large truck heading toward her at high speed.
When I came to my senses, I’d knocked the girl away.
After that…
… Mysteriously calm, I asked the beauty before me:
“… May I ask one thing?”
The beauty nodded in response to my question.
“Please, go ahead.”
“… The girl that was knocked away by me, is she still alive?”
That was the most important thing.
That was the first and last time I’d done something worthwhile.
If I hadn’t managed to save her in time despite betting my life, that would’ve been frustrating.
“She lives! But she fractured her leg.”
Thank goodness.
I didn’t die in vain; I did something good at the very end.
Seeing me acting relieved, the beauty tilted her head and said:
“But, she wouldn’t have been hurt if you hadn’t knocked her away.”
“… Huh?”
What’d she say?
“The tractor would’ve stopped before hitting the girl. I mean, it was just a slow tractor after all. That means that your unnecessary meddling by acting like a hero made things worse… Puhehe!”
What’s with this? This was the first time I met this girl.
It might’ve been rude, but I felt like beating her up.
… Wait, hold it. I thought I heard something more important just nowthat was .
“… What’d you say? A tractor? Not a truck?”
“That’s right, a tractor. If a truck had been speeding toward that girl, she would’ve noticed it and gotten away.”
… Huh?
“Eh, but what about me? Did I die after getting hit by the tractor?”
“No, you died from shock. You thought you were ran over by a truck and went into shock. I’ve been doing this for a long time, but you’re the first to die in such a hilarious way!”
“……”
“Because of your close call with the tractor, you lost consciousness and control of your bowels, and you were sent to a nearby hospital. As the doctors and nurses were laughing and saying, ‘What’s with this guy, how useless–’, you didn’t regain consciousness and your heart failed.”
“Shut up–! I don’t want to hear it! I don’t want to hear something so humiliating!”
The girl walked to my side as I cupped my ears and smiled deviously, leaning close to my ears.
“Your family reached the hospital, but before they could feel the sadness from their loss, they couldn’t help but burst into laughter upon hearing your cause of death.”
“Shut up, shut up! This can’t be real! How can there be such a useless way to die? This is unbelievable!”
Looking down at me squatting with my head in my arms, the girl covered her mouth and laughed.
“… Well, that ends my de-stressing session. This is our first meeting, Satou Kazuma-san. My name’s Aqua. I’m a goddess that guides young people who die in Japan. Now, putting aside how funny your demise was, you now have two options.”
… This girl!
Forget it, being worked up would just delay the progress of the conversation; I just need to bear with it.
“The first option would be reincarnating and beginning a new life; the other option would be staying in a place sort of like heaven and living the life of a retirement home.”
What a lazy way to describe the options.
“Eh, well, how’s the place that’s sort of like heaven? More importantly, what do you mean by ‘retirement home’?”
“Heaven isn’t as great as you humans would imagine. You don’t need to eat after dying and won’t be able to make any food naturally; there aren’t any ingredients nor necessities for you to use anyway. I’m sorry if I disappointed you, but there’s nothing in heaven. No television, no manga and no games. Only other people that’ve died before you. Moreover, since you’re dead, you can’t do anything kinky. You can’t since you don’t even have a body. The only thing you can do is bask in the sun with your predecessors and chat. Forever.”
No computer games and no entertainment? Rather than heaven, that’d be closer to hell.
However, to become a baby and restart my life…
No, that was the only option.
Looking at my disappointed face, the goddess smiled and said:
“Hey… You don’t want to go to a boring place like heaven, right? However, asking you to let go of all of your memories and start again as a baby’s the same as erasing your existence, since your memories will be gone. And so, I’ve great news for you!”
For some reason I was skeptical.
Aqua said to the wary me with a smile,
“Do you like games?”
Aqua confidently explained her so-called good news.
This was the gist of it:
In a world different from where I was, there was another world with a Demon King.
In addition, with the attack of the Demon King’s army, that world fell into crisis.
There were magic and monsters in that world.
To put it simply, it was a fantasy world like the famous games Dragon Quest and Final Fantasy.
“The people who died in that world were killed by the Demon King’s army and were very afraid, saying that they didn’t want to die like that again. Therefore, almost all of the people who died rejected reincarnating in that world again. More specifically, that world will end if this continues since babies will cease to be born there. Hence, we’ll solve that problem by sending the dead from other worlds over, right? That’s how it is.”
What a sloppy immigration policy.
“And since we’re sending people over, we should find people that’ve died young and still yearn to live and send them over with their original body and memories. It’ll be meaningless if they were to die immediately after going over, so we’ll grant a privilege to all of those going to that world, allowing them to take one thing they like. It may be a powerful ability, an exceptional talent or a god-level weapon. What do you think? It might be another world, but you can live once more. For the people of that world, someone will appear who can fight immediately. How about it? Isn’t this great news?”
I see, it did sound great.
To be honest, this made me excited.
I knew I liked games, but I never would’ve imagined that I’d be able to enter a world that was just like my favourite computer games.
However, before that.
“Um, I have a question, what about the language? Will I be able to speak the language of the other world?”
“This isn’t a problem. With the gentle aid of the gods, knowledge of the language will be beamed directly into your brain the moment you head over to the other world. You’ll even be able to read! As a side effect, your brain might be wiped blank if you’re unlucky… Anyway, all that’s left is to choose a powerful ability or weapon.”
“Hold on, I heard something important just now. Did you say my brain might be wiped blank if I’m unlucky?”
“I didn’t say that.”
“You did.”
The tension from earlier was gone. I was speaking to a goddess, but my attitude was akin to speaking to an equal.
… Nevertheless, that was an attractive proposition.
It was scary to know that there’s a chance in wiping my brain blank, but I’m not bragging when I say that I’ve been confident in my luck ever since I was young.
At this moment, Aqua showed me something like a catalogue.
“Please choose. I may grant you one and only one power. It may be a powerful unique ability, or perhaps a legendary weapon. Come, it can be anything. You have the privilege to bring this one thing to the other world.”
After hearing Aqua’s explanation, I took the catalogue and started browsing it.
… On it was, ‘Unnatural Strength,’ ‘Super Magic,’ ‘Holy Sword Arondight,’ ‘Demon Sword Murasame,’ and all sorts of names.
I got it; choose an ability or weapon to bring along.
How troubling, having too many choices is making me indecisive.
Or rather, my gamer instincts told me that these were cheat-like abilities and equipment.
How troubling, how troubling… Since I’d be going to a world with magic, I really wanted to try using magic.
Hence, I should choose an ability based on magic…
“Hey, hurry up. It doesn’t matter which one you choose, nobody’s expecting much of a hikikomori gaming otaku. Can you just pick one and be on your way? Anything will do. Hurry up, hurry up…”
“I-I’m not an otaku…! And I died outside, so I’m not a hikikomori…!”
I answered in a trembling voice, but Aqua simply toyed with the ends of her hair and told me disinterestedly:
“It doesn’t matter, just hurry up and choose. There are still many dead souls waiting in line!”
Aqua sat on her chair as she spoke, munching on her snacks without even looking at me.
… This girl, mocking my cause of death even though it was the first time we’d met. Acting so stuck up just because she was pretty…
Aqua’s can’t-be-bothered attitude made me mad.
You want me to choose quickly, right?
Then I’ll do just that.
Something I may bring to that world.
“… Okay, I choose you!”
I pointed at Aqua and said.
Aqua looked at me surprised for a moment and continued munching on her snacks.
“Ah, okay, please stand there and don’t move out of the magic circle…”
Aqua suddenly stopped talking.
“… What’d you just say?”
In the next moment.
“I understand. Well then, I’ll take over Aqua-sama’s job from now on.”
With a flash of white light, a winged woman appeared out of nowhere.
… Simply put, it was a woman that looked like an angel.
“… Eh?”
As Aqua squealed in surprise, a blue magic circle appeared under her feet, and under my feet as well.
Oh, what was this?
Am I really going to another world?
“Wait…! Huh, what’s happening? Eh, you can’t be serious! No! No…! Hold on! This is too weird! Isn’t it cheating to bring a goddess along? This shouldn’t count! Wait! Wait, okay?”
Aqua panicked with tears in her eyes; she was a mess.
The angel spoke while facing Aqua:
“Have a safe trip, Aqua-sama. Please leave the rest to me. We’ll send envoys to welcome you back right after the Demon King’s defeated. Before you return, I’ll handle all of your tasks.”
“Wait! Wait! I may have the ability to heal as a goddess, but I have no combat ability to speak of! It’s impossible for me to defeat the Demon King!”
The angel who appeared suddenly ignored Aqua, who collapsed on the floor crying, and smiled gently at me.
“Satou Kazuma-san, you’ll be heading to another world now and will become one of the hero candidates to defeat the Demon King. You’ll receive a gift from the gods the moment you defeat the Demon King.”
“… Gift?”
I asked by repeating what she said.
The angel smiled warmly at me.
“That’s right, a gift befitting the saviour of the world… You’ll be granted a wish; it may be anything you want.”
“Oh!”
That means that I could wish to return to Japan if I ever grew tired of that world.
For example, returning to Japan after growing tired of that world, becoming rich and spending all day playing video games while surrounded by ladies! Even such a decadent dream’s possible!
“Wait! Giving that cool speech is my job!”
Aqua wailed on the floor after the angel took her job.
I was satisfied after seeing Aqua act this way.
Therefore, I pointed at Aqua and said:
“How does it feel to be companions with a man you look down on? Hey, you’re the ‘thing’ I’ve chosen to bring along! Since you’re a goddess, use your godly powers to make my adventure a breeze!”
“No! Going to another world with a man like this, no way…!”
“Hero, may you be victorious among the many hero candidates and be the one to defeat the Demon King…! Well then, I bid you farewell!”
“Wah! That’s my line!”
With the announcement from the angel…!
A bright light surrounded the wailing Aqua and me…!
A carriage made a loud creaking sound as it drove over the pavement.
“…Another world… Hey, it really is another world. Eh, it’s for real. Am I going to use magic and go on adventures in this world?”
Trembling with excitement because of the scene before me, I started talking to myself.
Before my eyes were houses built from red bricks, the streets right out of Europe from the middle ages.
There were no cars, bikes, power lines, or telecommunication cables.
“AHHH! …AHHH…!”
I looked around the street, watching people pass by.
“Animal ears! There’s someone with animal ears! Elf ears! Is that an elf? With such striking facial features, she definitely has to be one! Goodbye hikikomori life! Hello different world! If it’s this world, then I’m willing to go out and work obediently!”
“AHHH! …AHHH! …AHHH…!”
I turned around and looked at Aqua, who was hugging her head and screaming.
“Hey, you’re noisy. What would you do if people think I’m friends with a crazy woman like you? Stop screaming. You should be giving something to me at a time like this. Look at what I’m wearing. A tracksuit? I’ve finally arrived in a fantasy world and I’m wearing a tracksuit. According to the norm in games, you should be giving me the minimum equipment…”
“AHHH–!”
The goddess screamed as she pounced over to grab me.
“Whoa! What…? What are you doing, don’t act this way! I get it! I’ll do something about the basic equipment. I should say that I was wrong. If you hate it that much, you can go back. I’ll work out the rest on my own.”
Aqua tried to strangle me with teary eyes, so I shook off her hands and tried to shoo her away with an annoyed expression.
In the end, Aqua said with trembling hands:
“What are you saying? I’m troubled because I can’t go back! What now? Hey, what should I do? What am I going to do from now on?”
Aqua fell into a panic in tears, pacing about while hugging her head.
Her waist-length hair was a mess. She looked crazy right now, although she was a beauty if she didn’t speak.
“Hey, calm down, goddess, the first place to visit should be the tavern. Everything starts from collecting information at a tavern, that’s the standard in RPGs.”
“Huh…? You’re supposed to be just a hikikomori-gaming NEET,  so why are you so reliable? Ah, Kazuma, my name’s Aqua. I don’t mind you addressing me as goddess, but do call me by my name whenever possible or else citizens will surround us and we won’t be able to go on adventures and take down the Demon King. This might be a different world, but I’m still one of the revered gods in it.”
Aqua confidently said as she followed behind me.
All right, there should be a group formed to take on the Demon King or an adventurer’s guild made to defeat monsters.
Speaking of which, Aqua was a goddess. Therefore, I could ask her if I had any questions.
“Aqua, please tell me where the adventurer’s guild is. Which way should we go?”
I asked Aqua, but she just looked at me blankly.
“…? I wouldn’t know even if you ask me. I know the common knowledge of this world, but not the specifics of this town. This is just one of the many existing planets, and just a small town at that! How should I know?”
This girl’s useless.
There was no other way, so I asked a middle-aged lady passing by.
I didn’t ask any guys for fear of meeting delinquents, and the difficulty of talking to young girls is too high for me.
“Excuse me–may I ask you something? I’m looking for a place like an adventurer’s guild…”
“Guild? Oh my, to not know where the guild is, might you be from out of town?”
From what the lady said there really was a guild here, making me relieved.
“That’s right; I’m a traveller who came from a faraway land. I just reached this town.”
“Oh my… Since you came to this town, you must be aiming to become an adventurer. Welcome to the town of novice adventurers, Axel. Follow the main road and turn right, you’ll then see the signboard for the guild.”
“Take a right down the road. Got it, thank you very much! … Hey, let’s go.”
A town for novice adventurers.
I see. This was a good starting point for the dead transported here.
After thanking the lady, I followed her directions while Aqua followed me with respect in her eyes and sighed.
“Hey, you came up with an excuse right on the spot. Why are you able to handle this so perfectly? You seem to be a capable guy, so why were you a hikiNEET without any friends or a girlfriend? Why would you want to stay at home all day and be a hikiNEET?”
“Not having friends or a girlfriend isn’t a bad thing. One can’t measure the value of a person by the number of friends or by having a significant other. Moreover, don’t call me a hikiNEET you damn bitch! Don’t combine hikikomori and NEET together…! I’m just sixteen; I’m too young to be a NEET by society’s standards…! There it is.”
Aqua pounced over to strangle me for calling her a bitch, but I ignored her and entered the adventurer’s guild.
– Adventurer’s Guild –
A place for adventurers to take up quests which was a staple in games; an organization that supports the adventurers.
The job agency of this world.
There was a rather large establishment before us, and the fragrance of food drifted from within.
Some rough characters would certainly be inside.
They might find trouble with me if they see unfamiliar faces.
After preparing myself mentally and entering…
“Ah, welcome. Please approach the counter if you’re looking for quests. If you’re here to dine, then please take any empty seat…!”
A waitress with short red hair received us warmly.
The slightly dim interior seemed to double as a bar.
Seen congregating inside were groups of men in armor, but they didn’t seem to bear ill will.
However, unfamiliar faces seems to be rare, as everyone was focusing on us.
… I realized why they were looking this way.
“Hey, they’re looking this way too blatantly. It must be the holy aura coming from me; they must’ve discovered that I’m a goddess.”
The reason was the appearance of the goddess speaking dumb words.
She was a beauty as long as she didn’t speak, after all, so everyone’s eyes were attracted to her.
For now, I ignored their gazes and went about my original objective.
“… Listen carefully, Aqua… They’ll give us a tutorial if we register, enabling us to earn a living; that’s the kind of place adventurer guilds are. We should be able to take out a loan to prepare ourselves, complete simple jobs to get by and introduce ourselves to a good tavern. Most games start out this way. Normally, preparing the minimum essentials to live in this world should be your job, but never mind that. For today, let’s register with the guild, get some equipment and money, and find a place to sleep.”
“I don’t care about that. My job’s sending the dead to this world, but I get it. I’m not familiar with games, but what you said seems to be common sense for this world. So I just need to register to be an adventurer too, right?”
“That’s right. All right then, let’s go.”
Taking Aqua with me, I made a beeline for the counter.
There were four counter staff members.
Two of them were female.
I queued up at the counter with the prettier lady.
“… Hey, the other three counters are empty. Why are you queuing here? We won’t have to wait if we go to another counter… Ah, because this counter worker’s the prettiest, huh? Really, I was a bit impressed and thought that you were reliable just now, but you’re really doing this?”
Aqua, who was following me, didn’t seem to know anything, so I whispered to her quietly:
“Building a good rapport with the guild’s counter staff are the basics, and the pretty counter lady definitely has plenty of flags to raise. This means that there’ll be more shocking hidden side quests waiting for us. For example, the counter lady might be a powerful adventurer or something.”
“… Now that you mention it, I saw something similar in a manga. Sorry, I’ll wait in line obediently.”
Because we didn’t approach the other empty counters and intentionally queued here, the other staff people were looking at us curiously. Nevertheless, I decided to pretend not to notice.
It was finally our turn.
“Good morning, how may I help you?”
The counter worker was a gentle beauty.
Her wavy hair and large breasts made her look mature.
“Eh, I want to become an adventurer. I come from the countryside and don’t know anything…”
If I tell the counter worker that I come from the countryside or a faraway nation, they’ll give a more thorough explanation.
“I see. There’ll be a registration fee, will that be okay?”
That’s right this was the basic tutorial.
I would just need to follow the instructions of the counter worker…
… Registration fee?
“… Hey Aqua, got any cash on you?”
“I was transported here suddenly, so how would it be possible for me to have any money?”
… How can this be, shouldn’t they loan some money to us or put it on a tab for now?
I moved away from the counter and discussed strategy with Aqua.
“… Hey, what now? We’re in a pinch right from the beginning. In games, you’ll normally get starting equipment, as well as some money for living expenses.”
“You suddenly become unreliable. However, there’s no helping it, since you’re a hikikomori after all. All right, it’s time for me to shine. Just watch, I’ll show you the capability of a goddess.”
Seated at a table wearing the loose and cumbersome clothing of a priest was a man.
Aqua approached the man confidently…
“Man of the cloth, please state thy religion! I’m Aqua. That’s right, the goddess Aqua worshipped by the religious order of Axis! If thou art a believer…! … May you give me some aid by lending me some money?”
With an attitude that seemed lofty yet humble, she asked him for money.
“… I’m from the Eris Sect.”
“Ah… I see, sorry…”
I didn’t get it, but they seem to be from different religious orders.
As the dejected Aqua was preparing to come back, the priest stopped her.
“Ah… Madam, you must be a follower of Axis. There were stories about Goddess Aqua and Goddess Eris being close, so this must be fate. I’ve been observing you. Might you be having trouble paying the registration fee? It’s just a small fee, so please take it as a blessing from Goddess Eris. But no matter how devout you are, you shouldn’t use the title of goddess in vain.”
“Ah… Okay, sorry… Thank you very much…”
The eyes of Aqua looked dead as she returned with the money.
“Ha, he didn’t believe that I’m a goddess… By the way, Goddess Eris’s my junior. I was pitied by the believer of my junior goddess and received his money…”
“What matters is that you completed the task. Think about it. If he really believed that you were a goddess, there’d be a different kind of trouble!”
Aqua had an expression that seemed to say she lost something important, so I half-heartedly encouraged her.
“Eh, we’re back with the registration fees.”
“I… I see… The registration fee is 1,000 eris…”
Aqua received 3,000 eris from the priest.
According to Aqua, one eris was about one yen. Therefore, she received about 3,000 yen.
The counter lady didn’t interfere with the commotion we stirred up, but was unwilling to look both of us in the eye.
It seemed that I’d broken the flag between this lady and me.
“All right. Since you said you want to become an adventurer, you should have some level of understanding, but I’ll explain it from the start… First, adventurers are responsible for the extermination of monsters wandering outside the town, people who get rid of dangerous creatures that might harm the citizens. They’re also jacks-of-all-trades, taking on odd jobs that require their talents. Collectively known as adventurers are people who earn a living this way. And among adventurers, there are different jobs.”
Finally, it was coming.
This was a norm for adventurers. Be it jobs, class, or whatever it’s called, you had to choose the way you fought in this world.
Compared to the blunt warrior profession, flashy jobs like mages should be better.
The counter lady handed Aqua and I one card each.
It was about the size of a driver’s license and seemed to be a kind of identification card.
“Please look over here; do you see the word ‘Level’? As both of you know, all things in the world have souls no matter what form it takes. If you eat or kill a being, you can absorb a part of the memory of the soul, known as ‘Experience Points.’
“Experience Points are normally intangible things, but…”
The counter lady pointed to one part of the card and continued.
“With this card, the Experience Points the adventurer absorbs will be shown here. At the same time, the level corresponding to your experience points will be displayed here. This shows how strong an adventurer is. How many enemies you defeat will be recorded here. With the accumulation of experience points, all creatures will grow stronger rapidly at some point, known as leveling up. Simply put, leveling up will grant you all sorts of benefits, such as skill points to learn new skills. So please work hard to increase your level.”
After listening to the explanation, I recalled something Aqua said.
She asked me, “Do you like games?”
I got it. After listening to all that, this world was just like a game.
“First, please fill in your height, weight, age and other details in the blanks.”
I filled in my measurements on the form given to me by the counter lady.
Height was 165 cm (5 ft., 5 in), weight 55 kg (121 lbs.). Sixteen years old, black hair and eyes…
“That’ll be fine, please touch this card. This will display the strength of each of your abilities for reference when choosing your job. After accumulating skill points, you can learn skills that are available for your job. This is one of the key points in choosing occupations.”
Oh, it was time for this.
The time to show my amazing potential and create a big commotion in the guild.
With tense emotions and a heart full of expectation, I touched the card.
“… All right, thank you. Satou Kazuma-san, right? Let’s see… Strength, vitality, magic, agility and speed… All of them are average. Intelligence is slightly better than average… Huh? Luck’s very high, but it’s not very relevant for adventurers… This is troubling. From the numbers, you can only choose the most basic Adventurer job! Since your luck’s so high, I suggest you give up being an adventurer and be a merchant instead… What’ll you like to do?”
Hey, denying my life of adventuring right from the very start!? What was this?
The corners of Aqua’s lips were high in a smile, tempting me to punch her.
My being weak doesn’t help your cause, you know.
“Um… I’d like to become an Adventurer…”
The counter lady said with a face of worry:
“I-It’s fine. After levelling up and raising your stats, you can change your job! In addition, the Adventurer job is just what it sounds like; it’s a combination of all jobs. That’s right, it might be a basic level job, but it doesn’t mean it’s worse than the others! Adventurers can learn and use the skills of all jobs after all!”
“On the other hand, you’ll need more skill points to learn skills. Without the bonus attribute of the actual job, your skills will be weaker when compared to them. It’s a jack of all trades, master of none.”
After the counter lady pointed out the good points, Aqua immediately shot them down.
I should find a place to throw her away.
It seemed that I would be taking a basic job, a beginner job.
Anyway, it was the weakest job.
However, I was still an adventurer that appeared in this world.
As I received my card with my name and the job ‘Adventurer’ written on it with a heavy heart…
“Eh? Huh? What’s with these numbers? Leaving the lower than average intelligence and rock bottom luck aside, the rest of your stats drastically exceed the average! Especially your magic, it’s abnormally high! Who in the world are you…?”
The counter lady screamed after looking at the card Aqua touched.
The place was in an uproar.
… Weird, shouldn’t that be happening to me instead?
“Ah, is that right? Therefore, it means I’m amazing. Oh my, it’s normal by my standard.”
No matter how useless, she was still a goddess.
However, Aqua being so happy that she became embarrassed pissed me off.
“This… This is way beyond amazing! Mage-type jobs that require high intelligence aren’t available… However, you may choose any other job! The holy knight with its strongest defense, Crusader; the swordsman with the strongest attack, Sword Master; and the top-tier cleric, Archpriest. You may choose from most of the top-tier jobs right now!”
Slightly troubled by the counter lady’s exclamation, Aqua said:
“Well, it’s a pity that goddess isn’t available as a job. It’ll be Archpriest for me then.”
“Archpriest! Archpriests can use all kinds of recovery and support spells. They can even take the role of vanguards, a strong all-rounder job! I’ll register you now… Done. Welcome to the adventurer’s guild, Aqua-sama! All of our staff look forward to your grand exploits!”
The counter lady said with a pleasant smile.
… Strange, what was this?
As I said, this should’ve happened to me…
Ah, forget it–
With that, my life as an adventurer began in this world.
“All right, good work everyone–! That’s it for today! Here, this is today’s salary.”
“Thank you! Good job today, boss–!”
“Good job–!”
After the boss announced the end of the workday, Aqua and I received our salary, bowed and thanked him.
“Everyone, we’ll make a move first–!”
“Goodbye–!”
“Oh–thanks for your hard work! I’m counting on you tomorrow too.”
I bid farewell to my seniors while Aqua followed my lead.
After hearing the reply from the seniors, Aqua and I left the workplace.
Ah, I worked the whole of today too.
Even I was beginning to doubt that I was ever a hikikomori.
Aqua and I took our salary for the day and headed for the public bath.
The public bath was no different from the ones in Japan.
Judging from the average salary, the entrance fee was higher than Japan’s. However, I couldn’t change the habit of taking a bath after finishing work.
“Ah, I’m alive again…”
I soaked my shoulders in the warm water, leisurely relieving my fatigue from work.
This place seemed to be from the middle ages, so I thought it would’ve been luxurious to take a bath here, but that was just me.
I was grateful, so grateful…!
After leaving the bath, I saw Aqua waiting for me at the entrance.
Bathing longer than a girl was a bit off-putting, but that was the nature of the Japanese.
“What would you like to eat today? I want some smoked-lizard hamburger steak and the heart-freezing crimson Neroid!”
“I want to eat meat too, so let’s go to the tavern and get two smoked-lizard steak set meals.”
“Agreed!”
After finishing our meal, Aqua and I didn’t have anything to do and went to the stables.
After picking hay not stained by horse manure to make a bed, we laid down immediately.
Aqua was sleeping beside me as usual.
“Well then, good night.”
“Good night. Phew… I worked hard today too…”
With that, I drifted off into dreamland…
“No, wait a minute!”
I suddenly sat up.
“What is it? Did you forget to go to the washroom? It’s dark out there; do you need me to accompany you?”
“No way! Hold on, it’s not that. I just realized that we’ve been living the life of manual labourers so far.”
Indeed.
For the past two weeks, Aqua and I have been working on the walls outside the city.
We were construction workers.
That was too far off from the adventurer life I was aspiring to live in this world.
Or rather, why’d Aqua get so used to this lifestyle without any complaints?
Weren’t you a goddess?
“You don’t work, you don’t eat, isn’t that obvious? HikiNEETs are fussy. If you prefer to, you can work as a store clerk too!”
“No! It’s not that. How should I put this? What I’m after is exciting battles against monsters! A life like that! Moreover, isn’t this world in a crisis with the invasion of the Demon King? Isn’t it amazingly peaceful here? There are no signs of demons at all!”
I got worked up as I spoke. As my voice grew louder, our neighbours lectured me.
“Hey, can it! Be quiet!”
“Ah, sorry!”
Adventurers who were just starting out were poor.
It was normally impossible for us to rent a room in the tavern every night.
Usually, adventurers would share the rent with other adventurers and sleep in the communal room.
Alternatively, they could do what we were doing and sleep on the hay in the stables.
Yes, this was different from the adventurer lifestyle in an alternate world that I was looking forward to.
Staying in the tavern daily was the same as sleeping in a hotel every day in Japan.
It was impossible for adventurers with an unstable income to do so.
… Indeed, our income wasn’t stable.
No simple herb-picking or monster-hunting quests that appeared in games were available.
Monsters didn’t burst into loot and money when you killed them.
In addition, the forest near town has long since been cleared of monsters.
The forest had turned safe after the monsters were gone, so no one would hire people to harvest materials for them.
This was obvious.
The outdoors was so safe that the children could roam free.
There were guards manning the gate, but instead of maintaining round-the-clock security, it was easier to exterminate all the dangerous monsters since the forest wasn’t too large.
It was the most logical method, but I’d rather not know this.
An adventurer who was just slightly stronger than normal people spending half a day harvesting herbs that were easy to spot and earning enough for food and lodging.
There was no way such an easy job existed.
Japan was a prosperous nation on Earth, but even so, no laborer could live in a hotel on their daily pay.
Minimum wage? Labour laws? What were those? Could we eat them?
That was the kind of world this was.
“It’s useless even if you tell me these things. This is the town furthest away from the Demon King’s castle after all! Who would come all the way to attack a town of beginners at the borders…? Anyway… Kazuma wants to live more like an adventurer, right? You don’t even have the proper equipment!”
Aqua went straight to the point, and I couldn’t protest.
That was right, Aqua and I didn’t even have a full set of basic equipment. We were hoping to buy them, which was why we were working so hard at the construction site.
“I’m getting bored of construction too. I didn’t come to this world to be a labourer; I came to this world with no computers and games to adventure. And didn’t you send me here to challenge the Demon King?”
After hearing what I said, Aqua made a ‘what are you talking about’ face, pondered for a moment, and then responded:
“Oh! There was such a thing! I forgot, immersed in the happiness of working. I can’t go back if Kazuma doesn’t defeat the Demon King.”
Listening to her dumb reply, I recalled the counter lady’s words. It seemed that this girl’s intelligence really was below average.
“All right, let’s go challenge the Demon King! Don’t worry; it’ll be a breeze with me here! Look forward to my performance!”
“That makes me uneasy… However, you’re a goddess after all, so I’m counting on you! Okay, we’ll buy some basic weapons and armor with the money we saved and go grinding tomorrow!”
“Leave it to me!”
“Didn’t I tell you two to can it? Do you want me to beat you up?”
“I’m very sorry!”
As we apologized to the other adventurers, I got ready to sleep with a heart full of excitement.
– Under the clear blue sky.
“Ah! Help! Aqua, save me…!”
“Puhehe! This is hilarious! Kazuma, your face is all red and you have tears in your eyes! You look really desperate!”
Okay, I’ll bury this girl before going back.
As I made up my mind, I continued to run and scream for help as a giant frog-like monster chased me.
This was the open plain outside of town.
We took a quest from the guild in the morning and headed there.
As for the bare minimum weapon needed, I chose a short sword.
Aqua was acting dumb, saying a goddess wielding weapons was unglamorous and wasn’t equipped with anything. She was leisurely watching the frogs chase me.
Don’t look down on them just because they’re frogs.
They were bigger than bulls. It was their mating season, so they were accumulating nutrition to lay eggs. They roamed around human settlements where food was more plentiful, swallowing goats raised by farmers in a single gulp.
If they could swallow a goat whole, swallowing Aqua and me would be easy too.
In fact, children and farmers often went missing during their mating season.
Even though they looked just like frogs, they were still dangerous monsters, stronger than the small and exterminated monsters near town.
By the way, their meat was a bit tough, but it was pleasant and refreshing. A rather popular ingredient.
Their thick fat was effective against blunt attacks.
They hated metals, so they wouldn’t hunt you if you were fully equipped. It was an easy foe for normal adventurers.
That was why skilful adventurers like to hunt them, but…
“Aqua–! Aqua–! Stop laughing and save me–!”
“For starters, add a ‘-san’ when you address me.”
“Aqua-sama–!”
I’ll bury this girl all the way, only leaving her head above ground. I’ll let her know the horror of frogs targeting you.
I was on the verge of tears, looking back at the frog hopping behind me.
At this moment, I realized that the frog was heading in a different direction from me.
Before the frog was…
“Can’t be helped–! All right, I’ll save you, hikiNEET! However, you’ll need to worship this goddess from tomorrow onward! You’ll have to join the Aqua sect in town and pray to me three times a day! You can’t object if I take any side dishes from you during meals! In addition… Ugh?”
Aqua, who had been puffing her chest out and rambling on about something, disappeared.
I turned my head and saw that the frog had stopped moving.
Something blue was dangling from the corner of its mouth.
That blue thing was…
“Aqua–! You…! How could you get eaten–?”
Aqua, eaten by the frog, had one spasming leg dangling out of its mouth.
I drew my short sword and charged at the frog!
“Sob… Ugh, ugh– WAHHH…!”
Covered in sticky frog fluid, Aqua was hugging her knees while sitting on the ground before me, sobbing.
Beside her was the frog, its head smashed in.
“Ugh… Sob… Thank, thank you… Kazuma, thank you…! WAHHH…!”
Aqua had been crying non-stop ever since I dragged her out of the frog’s mouth.
Even a goddess couldn’t stand the horror of being prey.
“Are… Are you okay, Aqua? Be strong… Let’s go back for today. The quest we took on was exterminating five frogs in three days, but they weren’t opponents we could handle. Let’s try again when we’ve got better equipment. Look, I only have a short sword, no armor, and I’m still wearing my tracksuit. Let’s come back when we’re dressed more like adventurers.”
To be honest, a novice like me only defeated the frog because it stopped moving as it tried to swallow Aqua.
If the frog had attacked me without hesitation, I wouldn’t have had the courage to face it.
Aqua stood up with the glossy fluid all over her body.
“Ugh… For a goddess like me to be humiliated by a frog; how can we retreat? I’m already defiled. If a believer sees how dirty I am… Their faith will most certainly plummet! If people knew that I ran from frogs, it’d be a disgrace to the name of the beautiful Goddess Aqua!”
You didn’t have worry about that. You carried several times more construction materials at the work site than the men did, whilst looking happy working. Your greatest joy was eating dinner after taking a bath; you were sleeping so soundly that you even drooled while sleeping in the stables beside me. After seeing the way you conduct yourself, being covered in goo isn’t too much.
However, before I could stop her, Aqua charged toward another frog in the distance.
“Ah! Hey, hold up, Aqua!”
Aqua ignored my voice, drawing closer to the frog and using her momentum to throw a punch at its belly.
“Feel the wrath of a goddess! You dare to oppose a goddess!? Repent in hell! God Blow!”
I remembered the staff member in the guild telling me that physical attacks weren’t effective against giant frogs.
Her fist sunk into the soft abdomen, while the frog seemed unaffected…
Aqua meekly looked the frog in the eye and said softly:
“… Looking closely… frogs are actually quite cute, right?”
… I defeated a second giant frog that stopped moving as it attempted to swallow its prey. The adventure for today ended with me bringing a wailing goddess covered in slime back to town.
“I get it. Just us two isn’t enough, so let’s recruit more members!”
After returning to town, the first thing we did was head to the bathhouse to wash up. We then ate fried frog meat in the adventurer’s guild and discussed our plans.
Apart from being a meeting place for adventurers, the adventurer’s guild also doubled as a bar. It allowed adventurers to sell the monsters they hunted, and serving tasty monsters was also a bit of a selling point for them.
We sold the meat of the two frogs we hunted to the guild and earned some allowance in the process.
The frog was too big for the two of us to carry, but, if you turned in a request to the guild, they’d provide delivery service, transporting the monster you defeated.
Selling one frog and deducting the transport fee earned us 5,000 eris.
The earnings were about the same as doing construction work.
However, the slightly tough fried frog meat was unexpectedly tasty, which surprised me.
When I first came to this world, I was a bit hesitant about eating lizards and frogs.
However, after having one prepared and served to me, I found it to be delicious.
Of course, the goddess before me ate anything without hesitation.
“But… Even if we want to recruit comrades, do you think anyone would want to team up with novices like us who don’t even have proper equipment?”
With a mouthful of frog meat, Aqua waved the fork in her hand.
“Wiff mi hare, I juice node…”
“Swallow. Swallow before you speak.”
After Aqua swallowed, she said:
“With me here, I just need to holler and people will line up to join us. I’m an Archpriest after all, a top-tier job! I can use all sorts of healing spells and support magic, and I can relieve poison and paralysis statuses. I can even perform resurrection, a talent any team would want. I might’ve fallen into the mortal world, causing my powers to be far from my peak, but I’m still a goddess… Ahem! I’m Aqua-sama after all! I just need to put up a notice and a bunch of people begging me to ‘bring me along on quests’ will show up! If you understand, then give me another piece of fried frog meat!”
After finishing, the self-proclaimed goddess grabbed a piece of fried frog meat from my plate as I watched her with worried eyes.
– The next day, at the adventurer’s guild.
“… No one’s coming…”
Aqua dejectedly mumbled to herself.
After displaying a recruitment notice, we sat at a table inside the adventurer’s guild and waited for companions to show up. It had been half a day.
The other adventurers saw our notice.
Besides us, several adventurers were recruiting members; they conducted interviews, talked with them and went off.
I knew very well why no one was coming.
“… Hey, let’s lower our standard. Our goal’s to defeat the Demon King, so such conditions were necessary… However, ‘only recruiting top-tier jobs’ is a bit too gruelling.”
“Ugh… But…”
In this world, adventurer jobs were divided into tiers, with some of them being top tier jobs.
Aqua’s Archpriest was one of those top-tier jobs.
It was difficult for normal people to qualify for this job. She could very well be a hero candidate.
Moreover, it was normal for such hero candidates to enjoy a privileged life in other teams…
Aqua probably wanted to recruit powerful companions to take down the Demon King.
However…
“If this goes on, no one will apply! You might have a top-tier job, but mine’s the weakest. I’ll lose my place if elites suddenly surround me. How about lowering the entry requirements…?”
As I was preparing to stand up…
“I saw the notice recruiting  adventurers with top-tiers jobs. Are you the ones who posted it?”
She regarded us with red, sleepy eyes.
Her smooth black hair reached her shoulders.
For us, she was a girl in classic witch attire with a black cloak, dark boots, pointy hat and a staff.
Her features were delicate like a porcelain doll–it was a loli.
It wasn’t surprising for children to work in this world…
The small, frail girl who looked to be about 12-13 had an eyepatch covering one eye. She flung aside her cloak hard and said:
“My name is Megumin! My calling is that of an Archwizard, and one who controls the strongest offensive magic, Explosion…!”
“…Are you here to tease us?”
“I-I’m not!”
I couldn’t help retorting at the self-introduction of this girl as she denied in a panic.
Moreover, what was with the name Megumin?
“That red eye, are you a Crimson Demon?”
The girl nodded in response to Aqua’s query and presented her adventurer’s card to Aqua.
“That’s correct! I’m an elite mage from the Crimson Demon Clan, Megumin! My magic’s powerful enough to split the mountains…! … That’s how it is. Do you need an excellent mage? … By the way, I’ve a favour to ask. I haven’t eaten in three days; may you give me something to eat before the interview…?”
Megumin looked at us with sorrowful eyes.
The heartbreaking ‘ugu’ sound came from Megumin’s stomach region.
“… I’m fine with treating you to a meal, but why are you wearing an eyepatch? If you’re injured, do you need this girl to heal you?”
“Humph… This is a magic item to restrain my overwhelming power… If you pull it off, a gigantic disaster will befall the world…
“Oh… So it’s something like a seal?”
“I made that up. This is just a normal eyepatch. It just looks nice… Ah, sorry… Please don’t pull on that, stop!”
“Eh… Listen Kazuma, Crimson Demons are born with high intellect and strong magic power, with most of them having the potential to become powerful mages. They’re well known for their red eyes and their strange names.”
Aqua explained as I pulled on Megumin’s eyepatch.
… I understood. Just listening to her name and seeing that eyepatch, I thought she was teasing me.
I released the eyepatch and she said sternly:
“It’s rude to say that our names are weird. From where I stand, the names of the people in this town are the weird ones.”
“… Right, may I ask for your parents’ names?”
“My mother’s Yuiyui, and my father’s Hyoizaburo.”
“…”
Aqua and I were silent.
“… Anyway, this girl’s race produces many powerful mages, right? Could we recruit her as a companion?”
“Hey, if you’ve got a problem with the names of my parents, say it to my face!”
As Megumin leaned forward, Aqua returned the adventurer’s card to her.
“It should be fine, right? The adventurer’s card is real; she has a  top-tier job with the ability to use powerful spells–Archwizard. The magic stat on the card’s very high, so she has a lot of potential. If she really can use explosion magic, that would be amazing! The explosion spell’s the highest-tier spell of the detonation-series magic and is hard to learn.”
“Hey! Stop addressing me as she, use my name!”
As Megumin protested, I handed the food menu to her.
“Don’t mind the details, order something to eat. My name’s Kazuma, and this is Aqua. Pleased to meet you, Archwizard.”
Megumin seemed like she had something to say, but in the end she just took the menu quietly.
“Explosion’s the strongest offensive spell. On the other hand, it has a long casting time. Please keep that frog at bay until I’m ready.”
We brought Megumin who’d eaten her fill along to seek revenge against the giant frogs.
I could see a frog at a distance on the plains.
The frog had already noticed us and was charging our way.
In addition, I could see another frog heading toward us from the opposite direction.
“Please target the frog further away. As for the nearer one… Hey, let’s go, Aqua. We’ll avenge ourselves this time. You’re a former goddess, right? How about showing what you’re made of?”
“What do you mean by ‘former’? I’m a current goddess! My position of an Archpriest’s just a disguise!”
Megumin looked at the self-proclaimed goddess choking me and said:
“… Goddess?”
“… Just a pitiful woman claiming to be a goddess. She’ll say stuff like this from time to time, so please don’t mind her.”
After hearing my explanation, Megumin looked at Aqua with sympathetic eyes.
Aqua was on the verge of tears and charged toward the nearer frog in frustration with her fist clenched.
“You’re just frogs that are strong against physical attacks! Let me show you the power of a goddess! Kazuma, watch this carefully! I haven’t done anything great yet, but I’ll definitely succeed today!”
Aqua, who lacked the capacity to learn, shouted and succeeded in infiltrating the body of the frog, stopping its movements.
As expected of a goddess, sacrificing herself to buy us time.
… Then, the air around Megumin started to tremble.
Even a novice to magic like me could tell that Megumin was preparing to use some remarkable magic.
Megumin’s chanting grew louder as sweat fell from her temples.
“Watch closely; this is the strongest attack spell known to humans… The ultimate attack spell.”
The tip of Megumin’s staff started to glow.
The scale might’ve been small, but it seemed to accumulate a vast amount of light as it shone brightly.
Megumin’s red eye shone with a brilliant light.
“Explosion!”
A light flashed through the plains.
The light emitted from the tip of Megumin’s staff shot forward, hitting the frog approaching us dead on…!
The violent effect of the spell was seen immediately.
A dazzling light filled my vision as the frog was blown to pieces with a reverberating bang.
Almost blown away by the strong wind, I covered my face and braced myself.
After the dust settled, a crater twenty meters in diameter revealed where the frog had been, showing how powerful the explosion was.
“… Amazing–so this is magic.”
As I was feeling moved by the power of Megumin’s spell,another frog slowly climbed out from underground, probably awakened by the shockwave and sound of the explosion.
I was thinking that without rain and a water source in the plains, the frogs would dry up under the hot sun. It turned out that they burrowed underground to avoid baking alive.
The frog climbing out was near Megumin, but its movements were very slow.
If we used this chance to move away from the frog and let Megumin use her explosion spell again, we could blow the frog into cinders.
“Megumin! Let’s retreat for now and attack from a distance…!”
I looked over at Megumin.
My body turned stiff…
Because Megumin was lying face down on the ground.
“Humph… Explosion’s my ultimate spell. It’s powerful and uses a lot of mana. Simply put, the mana I used exceeded my limit, so I can’t move. Ah, to think that a frog would appear out of nowhere… No good, I’ll be eaten. Sorry, please save me. Hya…!”
With their movements sealed by the body of Aqua and Megumin, I finished off the two frogs.
We completed the mission to defeat five giant frogs in three days.
“Ugh… Ugh… Sniff… It smells… It smells like fish…”
Aqua snivelled as she followed behind me, covered in slime.
“It’s smelly inside the frog, but the warm feeling isn’t too bad… I gained some knowledge that I’d rather not know…”
Megumin, covered in goo like Aqua and being carried on my back, told me something I never wanted to learn.
If someone used magic that exceeded his or her mana capacity, it’d drain his or her life force to make up for the difference.
Using powerful spells with your mana depleted might even lead to death.
“From now on, explosion magic’s banned unless there’s an emergency. Please get by with your other spells from now on, Megumin.”
After hearing what I said, Megumin grabbed my shoulders harder.
“… I can’t.”
“… Huh? You can’t what?”
I parroted Megumin’s words.
Megumin grabbed even harder and pressed her lacking chest onto my back.
“… I can only use Explosion; I don’t know any other magic.”
“… Are you serious?”
“… Yes.”
As Megumin and I turned silent, Aqua, who was snivelling, joined in our discussion.
“What do you mean you only know Explosion? If you had enough skill points to learn Explosion, you must’ve learned other spells, right?”
… Skill points?
Speaking of which, the counter lady at the guild did mention something about skill points.
Seeing that I was confused, Aqua explained to me:
“Skill points are something you earn when you choose a job; it’s used to learn skills. The more potential a person has, the more skill points they start out with. You can learn all sorts of skills by investing skill points in them. For example, the excellent me has learned all the banquet party tricks as well as all the spells of an Archpriest.”
“… Where are you going to use banquet party tricks?”
Aqua pretended not to hear my question and continued:
“Depending on the person and the job, there are restrictions to the skills they may learn. For example, someone with a fear of water would need more points to learn water or ice elemental spells… However, as detonation-series magic consists of composite spells, you’d need deep knowledge of fire and wind magic to master it. This means that people who can learn detonation magic should be able to easily learn other spells.”
“This means that it doesn’t make sense to be unable to learn low-tier spells when you know high-tier magic from the detonation-series… Anyway, where can you make use of banquet party tricks?”
Megumin mumbled when I finished my sentence:
“… I’m an Archwizard that loves Explosion. What I like is not detonation-series magic, but Explosion.”
Really, what was the difference between detonation spells and Explosion? I didn’t get it at all.
Aqua listened to Megumin’s monologue with a serious face.
No, compared to that, I was very distracted by the banquet party tricks.
“Adventures will definitely be easier if I learn other spells. Fire, water, earth, wind and light… Learning spells related to this should be good enough… However, I couldn’t do it; my only love is Explosion. Even though I can only cast it once per day, even if I’ll collapse after using the spell, my one true love is still Explosion! The only reason I chose the path of the Archwizard was to cast explosion spells.”
“Incredible! Great! Your resolve to follow your romantic dreams despite knowing it’s inefficient really moved me!”
… Oh no, it seemed like this mage was going to be useless.
The best evidence was her hitting it off with Aqua.
After two battles with the frogs, I highly doubted the usefulness of this goddess.
Honestly, just Aqua alone was troublesome enough. If another one were to join in…
All right, I made up my mind.
“I see. I think this will be a difficult path, so do work hard. Ah, I can see the town. Let’s divide the rewards equally at the guild. Yes, let’s meet again if our paths cross once more.”
Megumin grabbed me harder after I finished.
“Humph… My only wish is to use explosion magic; the bounty’s just a complementary bonus. How about this: I don’t need an even share of the rewards. If you’re willing to foot the bill for food, bath and miscellaneous items, I can consider not taking any rewards. That’s right, my power as an Archwizard is available at the price of meals and other miscellaneous fees! How could you miss this opportunity to form a long-term contract?”
“No, no, no, our weak team isn’t worthy of such amazing power. That’s right, it’s too much to ask Megumin to stay in our team with your amazing powers. A team just starting out should make do with a normal mage. Look at me, my job’s even the weakest one, Adventurer.”
To chase away Megumin, who was grabbing on to me tightly when we reached the guild, I attempted to loosen her grip.
Nevertheless, Megumin refused to let go.
“No, no, no, it doesn’t matter if you’re novices or weak. I might have a top-tier job, but I’m still a beginner too. My level’s just six. When my level grows, I won’t collapse after using my spells. So let’s talk this over, and then you may pull my hand away, okay?”
“No, no, no, it’s too hard to utilize a mage that can only cast one spell a day. Ugh, she’s a mage but her grip’s strong…! Let go, the other teams probably didn’t want you either. Or rather, one can’t use explosion spells in dungeons or indoors, which would render you useless. Hey, release your grip! I’ll split the rewards equally with you, so please let go!”
“Please don’t ditch me! No team’s willing to take me! I’m willing to carry the luggage or anything when exploring dungeons, so please don’t throw me away!”
It was probably because Megumin on my back was yelling, ‘Don’t throw me away’, that the passersby started whispering while looking at us.
Because we were in town and Aqua’s appearance drew a lot of attention, it made us the center of focus.
“– No way, that man wants to abandon that child…”
“– He has a girl covered in slime with him.”
“– To toy with such a small child and to abandon her after that, what trash. Look, why is there goo covering the girls? What weird sexual games did that pervert make them do?”
… The passersby maligned me.
Aqua smiled deviously upon hearing them, how hateful.
Megumin seemed to have heard their whispers too.
I looked at Megumin who was peeking over my shoulder, only to see a malicious smile showing on her face…
“I’m fine with any sort of play! Even using the frog’s slime just like now is okay…”
“All right–I get it! Megumin, I’ll be in your care!”
“All right, everything’s in order. I’ve confirmed that your team has finished the quest of defeating 5 giant frogs in 3 days. Good work.”
After reporting in at the guild’s counter, I received the promised reward.
Since Aqua and Megumin were covered in slime, they’d be too smelly if they didn’t wash up. It might cause misunderstandings for me, so I shooed them off to the bath house.
One of the frogs we defeated disintegrated because of the explosion magic, so I was afraid it might’ve affected the completion of the quest. But the type and number of monsters defeated were recorded on the adventurer’s card, so there were no problems.
I handed in my and Megumin’s card to the counter lady, which she put in a strange box-like machine. The confirmation was done just like that.
Things developed in this world used magic instead of science, so the technological level of this world was quite advanced.
I looked at my card again and saw that I was at level 4.
I heard that those frogs were great for novice adventurers to grind levels.
I defeated 4 frogs by myself, enough to raise my level to 4.
It was easier for low-leveled people to level up.
All the stats on the card increased slightly, but I didn’t feel myself getting any stronger.
“… But, I can really get stronger just by killing monsters…”
I mumbled to myself.
The counter lady did mention that when she explained it in the beginning.
All things in this world have souls. No matter what form it takes, if you eat or kill a being, you can absorb a part of the memory of the soul. That was what she said.
This part felt like a computer game.
Looking at it closely, there was something called ‘Skill Points’ on it, which showed the number 3.
Just by spending these points, I could learn skills.
“Well then, turning in 2 giant frogs, in addition to receiving the bounty for completing the quest, comes to a total of 110,000 eris. Please take this.”
110,000.
These giant frogs yielded 5,000 eris after deducting transport fees.
So the bounty for the 5 frogs was 100,000 eris.
Aqua said that quests were completed with a team of 4 to 6 adventurers.
So for normal adventurers, risking your life to fight 5 frogs for a couple of days would yield about 125,000 eris. For a 5-man team, that would be 25,000 eris each.
… It wasn’t worth it.
Finishing the mission in one day meant a daily salary of 25,000.
It might’ve seemed like a good deal for a daily salary, but considering the risk involved, it didn’t seem to be worth the effort.
If another frog had shown up and eaten me, the three of us would’ve been wiped out.
That sent a chill down my spine.
I looked at the other quests. The ones on the bulletin board were–
– Cut down the evil trees corrupting the forest, bounty’s dependent on the amount turned in.
– Help me look for my pet white wolf.
– My son’s swordsmanship lesson *Requirement: Rune Knight or Sword Master.
– Recruiting subject for magic practice * Requirement: High HP or strong magic resistance…
Yeah.
It wasn’t easy to survive in this world.
I felt like returning to Japan on my second day of adventuring.
“… Excuse me, may I ask…?”
Just when I was getting a little homesick as I sat down on a chair nearby, someone spoke to me from behind.
Feeling tired of dealing with the realities of this different world, I turned my head with hollow eyes.
“Is something the matter…?”
I was speechless when I saw the person talking to me.
She was a female knight.
She was a super beautiful female knight.
She gave off the vibe of a cool beauty at first sight as she looked at me expressionlessly.
She was a bit taller than I was.
My height was 165 cm (5 ft. 5 in).
A bit taller than me should be about 170 cm (5 ft. 7 in).
She was wearing solid metal armor all over her body, a beauty with blonde hair and blue eyes.
Probably a year or two older than me.
I couldn’t tell her body shape from her armor, but I felt that she was very curvy.
Her face seemed rather cold… How should I put this, it picked on your masochistic side…?
… Ah. This wasn’t good, I was entranced.
“Ah, eh–what’s the matter?”
Facing Aqua, who was about my age, and Megumin, who was younger than me, was fine, but this beauty slightly older than me made me stutter.
That was the bad point about living the life of a hikikomori for an extended period.
“Um… The team that put up this recruitment notice was you, right? Are you still looking for people?”
The female knight showed me a piece of paper.
Indeed, we didn’t tear away that notice after Megumin joined our party.
“Oh–we’re still hiring. Although I wouldn’t recommend you joining…”
“Please pick me! Please let me join your party!”
When I was about to reject her tactfully, the female knight suddenly grabbed my hand.
… Eh?
“No, no, no, hold up. Our party has plenty of problems; the other two members are burdens and my job’s the weakest. Because of that, my two companions were covered in slime… Ow! Ow! Ow!”
When I mentioned the slime, the female knight tightened her grip on my hand.
“I was right, those two covered in goo were your comrades! What happened, how’d they end up like that…!? I-I also…! Want to experience that…!”
“Huh?”
What’d she just say?
“No, I phrased it wrongly. For the two young girls to experience that at such a tender age… as a knight, I can’t stand by and watch. My job’s the top-tier Crusader, so it should fit your recruitment criteria.”
What was with this female knight? Her eyes looked dangerous. I thought she was a calm and collected big sister!
But my danger radar was acting up.
She gave off the same feeling as Aqua and Megumin.
… She might’ve been a beauty, but it couldn’t be helped.
“Ara–I didn’t finish. I really don’t recommend you joining. One of our party members is useless, the other can only cast one spell a day and I have the weakest job. That’s the lame party this is, so I suggest you find another…?”
The female knight strengthened her grip further.
“That’s perfect! To be honest, I’m confident in my strength and durability, but I’m not too agile with my hands… So I can’t hit the enemy…”
My sensor was right.
“So you don’t need to treat me as having a top-tier job; I’ll just charge ahead without a care, so abuse me like a shield.”
The female knight shoved her pretty face in front of me.
Her face was too close!
Because I was sitting, she was looking at me from up high. The female knight’s golden locks brushed against my face, making my heart race.
My time as a hikikomori was affecting me again…!
No, this was simply too stimulating for an adolescent virgin boy, making me uneasy.
Calm down, don’t get seduced by her charm!
“No, how can I let a girl act like a shield? My party’s super weak, so the attacks will really hit you. The monsters might gang up on you in every fight!”
“That’s the way I like it!”
“No, how should I put this…? My two companions were eaten by frogs and covered in slime! This might happen every day!”
“That’s exactly what I want!”
… Oh, I get it.
The blushing female knight who was holding my hand.
Looking at her, I understood something.
… This girl wasn’t just useless, her character was rotten to the core.
“Hey, there’s something I want to ask the both of you. How do you learn skills?”
The day after fighting the frogs.
We were having a late lunch at the guild’s bar.
Before me was the penniless Megumin, who hadn’t had a proper meal before meeting us and was focusing on eating her lunch, and Aqua, calling for the waitress to order more food.
Their appetites were too great for ladies of their tender age.
… Two women and a single man was still a harem party, but it totally didn’t feel that way at all…
Megumin raised her head while holding her fork and said:
“Learning skills? That’s easy, look at your card and choose one from the ‘Learnable skills’ column… Oh right, Kazuma’s job’s Adventurer. In that case, you need someone to teach you a skill. You need to see the skill in action and ask the user to teach you how to use it. It’ll then show up in the learnable column, then you can spend skill points to learn the skill.”
I see.
I remembered the counter lady saying that the basic-tier job, Adventurer, could learn any skill.
If that was the case…
“… That means if Megumin teaches me, I could use explosion magic?”
“Yeah, exactly!”
“Whoa!”
Megumin reacted strongly to my casual words.
“That’s right, Kazuma! The skill points needed would be absurdly high, but Adventurer is the only job other than Archwizard that can use Explosion. I can teach you if you want to learn. Or rather, there are no other skills that are worth learning except Explosion, right? Of course not! Come, let’s walk the path of Explosion together!”
Her face was too close!
“Wait, calm down loli! I only have 3 skill points, there’s no way I can learn it, right?”
“L-Loli…?”
Megumin was too excited to hold a proper conversation, so I asked Aqua instead.
“If an adventurer wants to learn the explosion spell, 20 or so skill points won’t be enough. You’ll probably need to train for a decade or two and invest all your points to learn it.”
“Who has that kind of patience?”
“Fu… To call me a loli…”
Megumin seemed stunned by me addressing her as a loli, dejectedly eating her set meal in small bites.
But the only good point about my job–Adventurer–was the ability to learn any skill. Of course I wanted to learn more skills.
“Hey Aqua, you should have many convenient skills, right? Do you have any easy-to-learn skills to teach me? I prefer those that don’t need a lot of points and are very useful.”
Aqua thought for a moment while holding her cup of water.
“… It can’t be helped–but I have to warn you, my skills are amazing! They’re not meant to be passed on lightly!”
I wasn’t happy about Aqua mouthing off like that, but I had to bear with it since I was asking her to teach me.
I obediently nodded my head and watched Aqua’s every movement.
“Well, look at this cup. Put this cupful of water on top of your head and don’t let it fall off. Here, try it.”
It was a bit embarrassing to do that in public, but I mimicked Aqua’s action and put the cup on top of my head.
Aqua then took out an unknown seed and placed it on the table.
“All right. Now use your finger to flick the seed into the cup; you must do it in one try. Something amazing is happening! The seed’s absorbing the water and sprouting…”
“Who asked you to teach me party tricks, you worthless goddess!?”
“Eh–?”
Aqua became as dejected as Megumin for some reason and rolled the seed around the table with her finger.
I don’t know what’s getting you so down, but can you remove the cup from your head? It’s drawing a lot of attention.
“Ha! That’s hilarious! Hey, you’re the party Darkness wanted to join, right? You want to learn something useful? How about Thief skills?”
Someone suddenly interjected.
I turned my head and saw two women occupying the neighbouring table.
The one talking to me was a woman wearing light, leather armour.
She had a small scar on her face and seemed to be street smart. She was a pretty girl with silver locks and a bright personality.
Beside her was a blond beauty in full plate mail.
The unapproachable cool beauty…
Indeed, it was the female knight that wanted to join our party yesterday.
The thief-girl looked to be about a year or two younger than I was.
“Um, what do you mean by Thief skills? How are they like?”
The thief-girl responded cheerfully:
“Good question. Thief skills are very practical–such as Disarm Traps, Enemy Detection, Lurk and Steal. They’re all skills that are worth learning. Your job’s the basic-tier Adventurer, right? Thief skills don’t require many points, so it’s a great offer! How about it? I’ll teach them to you for the price of a glass of crimson beer!”
So cheap!
That was how I felt. But when I thought about it, she had nothing to lose from teaching me these skills.
And I could just ask any other Thief if I really wanted to learn Thief skills.
“Okay, I’ll leave it in your hands! Excuse me, a glass of ice-cold crimson beer for this lady please!”
“Right, let me properly introduce myself. I’m Chris. As you can see, I’m a Thief. And this person with a moody face is Darkness. You met yesterday, right? She’s a Crusader and shouldn’t have any skills that are useful to you.”
“Hello! I’m Kazuma. Nice to meet you, Chris!”
In the open plaza behind the adventurer’s guild.
Chris, Darkness and I stood at this desolate and open space.
By the way, those two companions of mine remained sulking at the table while we were talking, so I left them there.
“Well then, we’ll start with Enemy Detection and Lurk. We’ll work on Disarm Traps next time, since traps are rare in such a crowded place. Hey Darkness, could you turn over there for a moment?”
“… Hmm? … Okay.”
Darkness turned away as instructed.
And so, Chris got into a wooden barrel some distance away and showed only the top half of her body.
I didn’t know what she was playing at, but she then threw a rock at Darkness’s head and hid into the barrel.
“……”
Could this be the Lurk skill?
Darkness, who was hit by the rock, moved silently toward the only barrel in the area.
“Sensing enemy… Sensing enemy… I can strongly feel Darkness’s anger! Hey, Darkness? You know I only did that to teach him the skills, I couldn’t help it! Please have mercy… Ahhh, stop! Ahhh!”
The barrel she was hidden in toppled over and Chris screamed as it rolled on the ground.
… Could I really learn new skills this way…?
“All right. Let’s try the skill I recommend the most, Steal. This is a skill that can snatch away one item possessed by the target. It can be anything, be it the weapon gripped tightly in their hands or the wallet secured deep in their pockets.The probability of success is dependent on the luck stat. You can take the weapon or treasure of a strong enemy and run, so it’s a great skill to have under any circumstances.”
After Chris recovered from the dizziness of being rolled around in a barrel, she explained Steal to me.
It sounded very useful indeed.
And it was dependent on the luck stat, which means my only high stat would finally be put to use.
“I’ll demonstrate with you as the target! Ready, Steal!”
Chris shouted as she reached her hand forward and a small item appeared in her hand.
That was…
“Ah! That’s my wallet!”
It contained all my cash, a thin and pitiful wallet.
“Oh! Jackpot! It’s used this way. Well of course, I’ll give the wallet back…”
Chris smiled deviously as she was about to return the wallet to me.
“… Hey… Let’s have a match, all right? Try learning Steal now. I’ll then let you steal one item from me. I won’t complain even if you steal my wallet or weapon. Your wallet’s so thin that my weapon or wallet will be more valuable. That means we’ll be trading in whatever items that are stolen… How about it? Want to try?”
This person suddenly said something amazing.
I thought about it.
My luck seemed ridiculously high…
I could steal one item from the opponent…
So I’d be getting something even if the skill failed.
… Let’s give it a go.
Such gambles seemed like the way rash adventurers would interact; just what I was looking forward to!
Indeed, I was finally experiencing something adventurer-like after coming to this world!
I looked at my adventurer’s card and saw a new box with learnable skills displayed on it.
I touched it with my finger and 4 skills appeared.
Enemy Detection – 1 point, Lurk- 1 point, Steal – 1 point, Nature’s Beauty – 5 points.
… Nature’s Beauty? The skill used by Aqua, the party trick of flicking a seed into a cup?
That party trick had such a flashy name! Eh? And it’s expensive!
Party tricks were cool in their own way, but I decided to learn Steal, Enemy Detection and Lurk.
I used up all my skill points.
I see, so that’s how you learn skills.
“I’ve learned the skill and I accept your challenge! Don’t come crying to me no matter what I steal!”
I stuck out my right hand as I spoke, but Chris just smiled fearlessly.
“That’s great! I like people who aren’t spoilsports! All right then, what can you steal? The special prize will be my wallet! The grand prize will be this enchanted dagger! This is a great item worth 400,000 eris! The consolation prize will be this piece of rock I threw at Darkness!”
“Ah! Using such a method is cheating!”
I protested loudly when I saw the rock Chris took out.
I was wondering why she was so confident; so that was the reason!
If she had more trash items, the probability of important items getting stolen would be lower, a sort of safeguard against thieves.
“This is my teaching fee. As you can see, no skills are all powerful. You learned something great, right? All right, give it a go!”
Damn, I was really schooled!
Looking at Chris laughing out loud, I felt foolish for falling for this trick.
This wasn’t Japan, but a dog-eat-dog world.
It was the fault of those who were naive enough to be tricked.
It was only a chance of failure, though; it wasn’t a total loss..
“All right, watch this! My luck has always been good! Steal!”
As I shouted, my outstretched right hand grabbed something.
She said the chance of success was dependent on the luck stat. To succeed in one try, my luck wasn’t too bad.
I opened my hand and looked at what I stole…
“… What’s this?”
It was a piece of white cloth.
I took the cloth with both hands and raised it to the sun for a better look…
“Yahoo–! It’s the grand prize, and it’s a big one–!”
“No–! Give me back my panties–!”
Chris pulled down her skirt as she screamed with tears in her eyes.
After learning the skills, I returned to the bar and found it to be lively.
“Aqua-sama, one more time! I’m willing to pay for it, so could you perform Nature’s Beauty once more?”
“Fool, Aqua-san prefers food instead of money! Right, Aqua-san? I’ll treat you to a meal, so please do Nature’s Beauty again!”
For some reason, there was a crowd around a troubled-looking Aqua.
“My performances aren’t things that can be performed whenever they’re requested! A great man once said that ‘a funny joke can only be told once’. Doing the same tricks repeatedly because they’re popular means you’re a third-rate performer! And I’m not a performer, so I won’t accept money for my performance! This should be the basic attitude of a performance artisan. And I didn’t perform Nature’s Beauty for you to see– Ah! Kazuma, you’re finally back. It turned out like this because of you… By the way, what’s with her?”
Aqua pushed through the crowd with an annoyed face and was curious about the sulky Chris standing beside me.
Before I could explain, Darkness said:
“Chris’s panties were removed by Kazuma, and then she lost all her money to him. That’s why she’s feeling down.”
“Hey, what’s this nonsense!? Hold up. Well, you’re not wrong, but hold on a minute.”
Because Chris was willing to pay any amount of money as she begged me to return her panties, I told her to decide how much her panties were worth.
I added that if Chris didn’t offer an amount that’d satisfy me, her panties would become my family heirloom.
In the end, she offered both her wallet and my wallet. So I agreed to the trade, that was all. But Darkness’s way of phrasing it sounded a bit wrong.
Aqua and Megumin were a bit surprised after hearing what Darkness said. Their gazes made me feel uncomfortable and Chris shook off her sulky expression at this moment and said:
“Even if I was stripped of my panties in public, I can’t keep on crying! All right, Darkness. I’m sorry, but I’ve decided to join a profitable dungeon exploration party! I’m penniless after my panties were taken hostage.”
“Hey, wait a second. The female adventurers aside from Aqua and Megumin are starting to give me cold looks, so please don’t speak anymore.”
The female adventurers nearby seemed to have heard the conversation.
Seeing how awkward I looked in their cold gaze, Chris laughed happily.
“This is acceptable as payback, right? Well then, I’ll be back after earning some cash, so have fun in the meantime, Darkness! I’ll find what quests are available!”
Chris ran to the bulletin board recruiting for members after saying that.
“Um. Aren’t you going with her, Darkness?”
Darkness sat down at my table so naturally that I had to ask.
“… No. Thieves are essential for dungeon exploration, so there are many teams that’d want to recruit Chris. On the other hand, vanguards like me can be found anywhere.”
I see. Aqua did say that Archpriests were rare and wanted by every party; so the treatment each job received was different, huh.
A short while later, Chris found a pick-up group and left the guild with a few adventurers.
She waved at us before heading off.
“It’s already evening, are they going to explore the dungeons now?”
“The best time to go dungeon diving is early in the morning, so most people would set off one day earlier like them and make camp before the dungeon. There are even merchants operating with these adventurers as their target market. So how was it? Did you learn any skills?”
Hearing Megumin say that, I smiled confidently.
“Humph, why not see for yourself? Here I go, Steal!”
I shouted and reached toward Megumin with my right hand, grabbing a black cloth tightly.
Indeed, they were panties.
“… What happened? After your level and stats increased, did you change jobs from an Adventurer to a pervert? Um… It’s a little drafty, so please give me my panties back…”
“Strange? It shouldn’t be like this… It should be a skill that steals something at random!”
I hurriedly returned the panties to Megumin under the increasingly cold glare of the females around me. Someone suddenly slammed the table.
It was Darkness, who had knocked her chair away and stood up.
Her eyes were sparkling for some reason…
“I was right! To strip the panties of a young girl with so many people watching, you really are the worst…! Please…! Please let me join this party!”
“No.”
“Hmm…? Eh…!”
Darkness’s face turned red and her body trembled when she heard my immediate reply.
What should I do? I wasn’t very sure, but this female knight was certainly of the bad sort.
Aqua and Megumin seemed curious about Darkness…
“Hey, who’s this person, Kazuma? Was she the one who came for the interview while Megumin and I were in the bath?”
“Hold on, this lady’s a Crusader. There’s no reason to reject her, right?”
The two of them started talking nonsense as they stared at Darkness.
This was bad… And I remembered rejecting her yesterday too.
I didn’t want these two to meet Darkness…
… All right, I’ll have to use this method.
“Darkness, we might look this way now, but we’re serious about taking down the Demon King.”
Aqua who wanted to return to heaven aside, I’d already given up on that after finding out how harsh this world was. Even killing a toad was a chore.
Megumin, who had never heard of this before, looked surprised, but I ignored her.
No, wait. This might be a good opportunity.
“That’s right, you listen too, Megumin. Aqua and I want to take down the Demon King no matter what. That’s our goal as adventurers. And so our adventures will only become more dangerous, especially for Darkness. As a female knight, you might experience ‘that’ if you get captured by the Demon King.”
“That’s right! Since ancient times, getting sexually harassed by the Demon King was the job of the female knights! That alone would be worth the trip!”
“Eh…!? What!?”
“Huh…? What is it? Did I say something weird?”
Darkness, who expressed her strong agreement, made me shout in surprise.
… A-Anyway, I’ll settle that later.
“Listen carefully too, Megumin. The opponent’s the Demon King. Aqua and I are planning to fight the strongest being in this world, so don’t force yourself by staying in this party…”
I didn’t even finish.
Megumin knocked her chair away and stood up.
She flicked her cloak hard and said:
“I’m Megumin! The top mage of the Crimson Demons, the master of explosion magic! For the Demon King to overlook me and call himself the strongest, I’ll decimate him with my strongest spell!”
With the entire guild’s eyes on her, Megumin made a chunni declaration.
This fellow was hopeless too. Don’t make such an arrogant face so confidently!
Oh no, these two hopeless girls raised the tension even higher…
“… Hey Kazuma, Kazuma…”
As I dropped my head dejectedly, Aqua pulled at my sleeve.
“I was a bit scared when Kazuma put it that way. Is there a simpler way to take on the Demon King?”
… You should be the one most fired up since this is your quest…
… At that moment.
“Emergency quest! Emergency quest! All adventurers in town, please gather at the adventurer’s guild! I repeat, emergency quest! Emergency quest! All adventurers in town, please gather at the adventurer’s guild!”
The loud broadcast could be heard throughout the entire town.
It was probably amplified through magic.
“Hey, what are ‘emergency quests’? Are monsters raiding the town?”
I felt a bit uneasy, but Darkness and Megumin seemed elated. Darkness said joyfully:
“… Um, it’s probably cabbage harvesting. It’s the season for them.”
……
“Huh? Cabbages? Is that the name of some monster?”
After expressing my thoughts, Megumin and Darkness looked at me pitifully for unknown reasons.
“A cabbage is something round, green and edible.”
“It’s crunchy and refreshing, a delicious vegetable.”
“I know that! Then what’s happening? The guild said there was an emergency quest. So do the farmers need help from the adventurers?”
It seemed weird for me who was working as a construction worker recently to say this, but I didn’t come here to farm.
“Ah, Kazuma probably doesn’t know. Let me tell you, the cabbages of this world…”
Aqua adopted an apologetic pose and was about to tell me something when the guild staff interrupted her as she addressed the adventurers in the building.
“I apologize for gathering everyone on such a short notice! I’m sure everyone knows that the emergency is because of the cabbages! It’s time to harvest cabbages! The quality’s great this year and each one’s worth 10,000 eris! We’ve already evacuated the residents so please harvest more cabbages and turn them in here! Please take care of your own safety and don’t get hurt from the cabbages’ counterattack! Also, because of the large amount of people and bounty, the reward will be given out later!”
… What’d this staff member say?
The sound of cheers erupted outside the adventurer’s guild.
I didn’t know what’d happened, so I squeezed into the crowd outside to look. Green objects were flying all over town.
As I stood on the spot amazed by the ridiculous sight, Aqua came over to my side and continued her explanation:
“The cabbages in this world can fly. When their taste ripens during harvest season, they fly through cities, over plains, across the continent and to the ocean, unwilling to be eaten. Because of that, we need to catch the cabbages and eat them while they’re still delicious.”
“May I go back to the stables and sleep?”
As I mumbled softly, the brave adventurers charged out in high spirits.
They were hot-blooded guys who were inspired by the cabbages that did their best to live for the moment.
As I watched the adventurers chase after the cabbages wholeheartedly, I prayed.
… What grave sin did I commit to fight to the death with cabbages here?
… I want to go back to Japan.
I took a bite of the fried cabbages sold here.
“Why does a mere cabbage taste so good? I don’t get it.”
The cabbage hunt quest ended and the entire town began serving dishes made from cabbages.
It was very profitable, so I ended up joining the cabbage hunt quest, but I still regretted it a little.
I didn’t come to this world to fight cabbages.
“You’re skilled, Darkness! As expected of a Crusader! The cabbages couldn’t break through your iron-wall defense no matter what they did.”
“No, I didn’t do much, I’m just really tough. I’m clumsy and slow so I can’t really hit my target; my only strong point is shielding others… Megumin has an impressive offence. You took out the horde of monsters that were chasing the cabbages right into town with just one explosion attack; all the other adventurers were shocked.”
“Kuku, no one could stand up to the power of my explosion magic… But Kazuma was the most active one, he picked me up after I exhausted my mana and carried me back.”
“… Yeah, when I was surrounded by cabbages and monsters, Kazuma showed up and captured all the cabbages attacking me. Thank you for rescuing me.”
“Indeed, erasing your presence with Lurk, grasping the movement of the cabbages with Enemy Detection and surprising them with Steal from behind. That was just like an outstanding assassin.”
Aqua finally finished her cabbages and casually placed her plate on the table.
The useless goddess who chased the cabbages without a plan and didn’t perform too well wiped her mouth gracefully and said:
“Kazuma, with my authority, I grant you the title of ‘Elegant Cabbage Thief’.”
“Shut up! I’ll slap you if you call me that! Ah! Enough, why’d things turn out this way!?”
I hugged my head and rested it on the table.
This was bad.
“Well then. I’m Darkness, a Crusader. Theoretically, my weapon’s a two-handed sword, but don’t count on it too much. I’m clumsy with my hands and tend to miss. But I’m good at being a tank, so please take care of me.”
We officially received another companion.
Aqua smiled leisurely, looking pleased.
“… Humph, our party’s becoming great. I’m an Archpriest, Megumin’s an Archwizard, and now we have the defensive specialist vanguard, the Crusader Darkness. Three out of four members having top-tier jobs is rare, Kazuma! Do you know how lucky you are? You have to be grateful, okay?”
A mage that could only use one spell a day, a vanguard that couldn’t hit anyone… And a cleric that was dumb, had bad luck and was totally useless!
During the cabbage hunt quest, Darkness, Aqua and Megumin hit it off, so they wanted Darkness to join the team too.
If she was normal, I would’ve had no reason to reject.
And she was also a beauty.
But Darkness couldn’t hit her targets at all.
Although she was a looker…
She put all her skill points into defensive skills, so normal skills learned by vanguards such as Two-handed Sword or skills that raised her proficiency with weapons were ignored.
She looked really beautiful too, so it really was a pity.
And this Crusader loved to charge into the midst of monsters for some reason.
As a Crusader who defended the weak, having a stronger calling than others to protect others was a good thing…
“Ugh… Ah, the feeling of being ravaged by cabbages and monsters is unbearable… I’m the only orthodox vanguard in this party, so don’t hold back. Use me as bait or as a shield. If it’s necessary, you can even cut me off as a sacrifice… Hmm! Just… Just imagining that made me tremble in excitement…!”
Darkness’s face was blushing as she shivered slightly.
… So that was how this fellow was.
A super masochist.
She looked like a cool beauty, but she was just a pervert in my eyes.
“Well then, Kazuma. I’ll probably… No. I’ll certainly be a bother to you, so don’t hold back and lecture me viciously. Please take care of me from now on.”
An Archpriest that could use all sorts of healing spells and an Archwizard that could use the strongest spell.
And a Crusader with an iron wall-like defense.
It seemed to be a perfect formation, but I felt things would be tough on me in the future.
My level was now 6.
This meant that I rose two levels during the cabbage hunt.
I only captured them but didn’t defeat them, so why’d my level rise?
And why do the cabbages yield so many experience points?
There were way too many things to complain about, but it’d be a pain to go through all of them, so I let it be.
You lost if you got too hung up with the peculiarities of this world.
One head of cabbage was worth 10,000 eris. The bounty was so high because eating fresh cabbage granted you experience points.
This meant rich adventurers could get stronger just by eating vegetables.
With the rise in level, my skill points also increased.
As for why such an RPG-like phenomenon happened with the increase in level, I decided to ignore it. Thinking too much about it will make me lose sleep.
I had to say it again, you lost if you took issue with such things.
I had 2 skill points.
I looked for the mage and swordsman from another party I met during the cabbage hunt and asked them to teach me the One-handed Sword and Basic Magic skills.
Each skill costed a point.
The One-handed Sword skill raised proficiency with one-handed swords.
My swordsmanship was now on par with normal people.
Although I used up my points, I’d always wanted to learn swordsmanship and, of course, magic.
Anyone would’ve wanted to learn magic after coming to a world of magic.
With basic spells, I could use elemental magic like fire, water, earth and wind, although they were simple spells.
By the way, Basic Magic didn’t have offensive spells, so most mages would skip them and save their skill points for Intermediate Magic.
But it’d take 10 points to learn Intermediate Magic .
Since it’d take that many points, I should give up learning offensive magic. My magic stat was low anyway.
Some talented people were naturally born with skill points.
It wasn’t strange for such talented people who could choose top-tier jobs right off the bat to start with dozens of skill points.
Aqua aside, Megumin and Darkness were probably privileged from the very start.
But in contrast, I had 0 skill points at level 1.
… I’ll get more depressed if I think about it too much, so I should stop.
After learning skills, I looked more like an adventurer.
What was left was getting some proper gear.
I’d sometimes wear clothes purchased in this world, but my current equipment was just the gym clothes I started out with and a short sword.
I wanted some armour even if it was just leather.
And so…
“… Why do I have to tag along and shop with you?”
I brought the complaining Aqua along to the armour shop.
“No, you should prepare some equipment too. I might only have my gym clothes, but you’re in the same boat, right? Your only equipment’s that flimsy hagoromo, right?”
Aqua was dressed the same way as she was when she first came to this world with me.
The light-purple, translucent hagoromo complemented Aqua’s blue hair and eyes. It was the only equipment she wore over her clothes.
After changing into her pajamas, she’d use a bucket of water to wash her hagoromo. I’d seen her sunning the hagoromo along with the hay that was drying in the sun.
Aqua said in surprise:
“Don’t be stupid–I think you’ve forgotten that I’m a goddess! This hagoromo’s a holy relic. It can defend against abnormal statuses and has great durability. It’s a heavily enchanted precious artifact! There’s no other equipment better than this!”
I felt like telling her not to dry it along with the hay.
“That’s great news. If we really can’t make ends meet, then we can just pawn off your holy relic… Oh. This chest armour looks neat, although it’s made of leather.”
“… Ka-Kazuma, you’re joking, right? This hagoromo’s proof of my divinity! Y-You won’t really sell it, right? No! I-I won’t allow it!”
“… Oh, I almost couldn’t recognize you.”
“Whoa–Kazuma finally looks the part of an adventurer.”
As we met up in the adventurer’s guild, Darkness and Megumin commented on my attire.
If I didn’t look like an adventurer before, did I look like a suspicious person…? I felt like finding out.
Right now I was wearing the attire of this world, with leather chest armour and metallic gauntlets and shin guards.
Aqua complained that my gym clothes clashed with the fantasy feel of this world, so I bought some new ones a couple of days ago.
I was told that it’d be more convenient to leave one hand free to use magic skills.
Even though it was just basic spells, I still learned magic. So I decided to forgo the shield and use a single-edge sword in the style of a magic swordsman.
I used half of the money I won in the bet against Chris, and the remaining money would be enough for me to get by for another week or two.
Now that I’m properly prepared with skills and equipment, I felt like taking on a quest.
I told everyone my thoughts and Darkness nodded in agreement.
“It’s the giant toad mating season, and they’ve been showing up near town. How about…”
“No toads!”
Darkness was rejected by Aqua and Megumin.
“… Why not? Toads fear blades and are easy to take down, their sole mode of attack’s grabbing prey with their tongues, and the meat of toads can be sold for easy money. I’ve heard that you might get eaten if your equipment’s too weak, but since toads hate metal, Kazuma should be safe with his current equipment. I’ll protect Aqua and Megumin.”
“Eh… The two of them were eaten by toads before, so they’ve got some psychological trauma about it. They were eaten head first in one gulp and ended up covered in slime, so it can’t be helped. Let’s find another quest.”
Darkness’s face turned slightly red after hearing my explanation for some reason.
“… Eaten head first in one gulp… Covered in slime…”
“… Did that make you excited?”
“No way.”
Darkness averted her eyes and answered with a red face, making me uneasy.
Would she hunt toads alone if I took my eyes off her?
“The emergency cabbage hunt aside, this is our party’s first quest. Let’s pick something easy to complete.”
Megumin and Darkness went to the bulletin board after hearing my suggestion.
Aqua seemed to be looking down on me after hearing what I said.
“What an introverted hikiNEET… Only Kazuma has the weakest job, so I understand why you’re being cautious. But including me, the other members have top-tier jobs! We should take on a bunch of high-difficulty jobs and make lots of money, level up like crazy and take down the Demon King easily! That’s why we should take on difficult quests!”
……
“… I really didn’t want to say this, but… You haven’t been of use so far.”
“!”
Aqua was stunned by what I said.
I ignored her and carried on:
“Normally, you should be giving me powerful abilities or equipment, allowing for me to live here without worries. I know that this is a free service provided by the gods, so I didn’t want to complain. I was blinded by rage back then, but choosing you instead of an ability was my fault! But you’re here in place of those abilities or equipment, and are you performing on par with those special abilities or equipment? Are you? You were acting so great and confident in the beginning, but you’ve totally not been of use, you former something.”
“Ugh… No, not former. Um… In principle, I’m still a goddess…”
Aqua looked down but she still argued with me, my voice turned louder.
“Goddess!? What should a goddess be doing!? Guiding the hero to fight the Demon King and sealing the Demon King before the hero’s strong enough to take him on! And what’d you do during the cabbage hunt!? You did grab a lot toward the end, but you were spinning around because of them and threw a tantrum on the floor, right? Even vegetables can make you cry! Are you really a goddess!? Are you really qualified to call yourself a goddess!? Your only contribution’s getting eaten by a toad and party tricks!”
“Wah, wahhh–!”
Seeing Aqua hide her face on the table crying out loud made me feel satisfied over the fact that she was looking down on me.
But Aqua didn’t want to give up.
She raised her head and retorted with pride.
“I-I’m useful, all right? Like healing spells and healing spells or healing spells! What, you’re just a hikiNEET! If you continue to play around, how long do you think it’ll take to defeat the Demon King? If you’ve got something to say, spit it out!”
Aqua raised her head and glared at me with tearing eyes.
I sneered at Aqua.
“I’m a professional gamer who didn’t go to high school at all, you think I have nothing to say about this situation?”
“You’re a pro gamer?”
“… It sounds better this way, so listen up, Aqua. I don’t have the special power of the protagonists in stories, but I have the knowledge of Japan. So I want to sell Japanese products that can be created easily and aren’t available in this world. Think about it: my luck stat’s so high that even the counter lady suggested that I should become a merchant, right? So I think I shouldn’t force myself to take on the work of adventurers, but find another way. It’ll be easier to gain experience points if I have more money, right? There are ingredients that make you stronger just by being eaten, like those cabbages.”
The other Japanese had the same knowledge as me, but unlike me, they had special powers granted by the gods.
Those people wouldn’t need to do something as bothersome as starting a business; they’d stick to the basics and earn a living through quests.
What I wanted to say was that it was hard for me to earn money as an adventurer.
The only quests I took on were hunting toads and cabbages. But judging from the contents of other quests, the rewards were too small and not worth the effort.
I felt the value of life was too low in this world.
I did mention the Demon King before Aqua, but to be honest I’d given up on that. That was why I’d been wondering what the easiest way of earning money quickly was.
“That’s how it is, so you think about it too! Think of a business that can earn cash easily and teach me your only good point which is healing magic! I want to learn healing spells after getting more skill points!”
“No–! I won’t teach you healing magic! No way–! Don’t snatch away the reason for my existence! You’ll be fine without learning it with me around! No, I don’t want to–!”
After this, Aqua put her face down onto the table crying that I shouldn’t take away the only reason for her existence.
At this moment, Megumin and Darkness returned to us.
“… What are you two doing…? The attack power of Kazuma’s words are strong. If you don’t hold back and shoot your mouth off, most girls would cry!”
“If you accumulate too much stress… I could take Aqua’s place and endure your scolding, so lecture me all you want. Don’t hold back… As a Crusader, suffering for others is a merit.”
The two of them looked at Aqua, who was crying on the table.
She probably knew she was the center of attention. Aqua would peek at me through her fingers from time to time, which irked me.
“Ignore this fellow for now, but…”
I took a glance at Darkness.
“… Darkness-san, you look thinner when you wear your armour…”
Darkness wore a tight black skirt and tank top with leather boots.
With a giant sword on her back, she looked more like a swordswoman than a knight.
She was surrounded by monsters during the cabbage hunt and her armour was damaged, so it was sent in for repair.
I became polite toward Darkness who was wearing so little.
Darkness had a great curvaceous figure.
Simply said, she was rather sexy.
And with Megumin beside her, it accentuated her body type and size.
I couldn’t help but think that with such a pretty face and great figure, maybe I could close one eye to her fetish…
“… Hmm? Did you mean to say, ‘Are you trying to tempt men with your body, you sow!’, right?”
“No.”
I glanced at Aqua and Megumin…
… I confirmed once again that no matter how pretty her face was, it was the personality that was the most important.
Megumin said:
“Hey, what’d you mean with that glance? I want to hear it.”
“It doesn’t mean anything, I’m just glad I’m not a lolicon.”
“Crimson Demons would gladly take on anyone wanting a fight. Good, let’s take this outside.”
Megumin tugged hard at the sleeves of my gym clothes, attempting to pull me outside.
“Back on topic, how about choosing a quest that can help Aqua level up?”
Darkness asked:
“What do you mean? Is there such a quest?”
For Aqua, the skills she needed had been learned from the very beginning, so there wasn’t any need to grind her level.
“It’s normally hard for clerics to level up, they lack offensive spells after all. They won’t fight on the front lines like warriors or defeat enemies with powerful magic, so the best monsters for clerics to grind are the undead. Undead are a race that go against the nature of the gods, so the power of the gods will cause opposite reactions on them. Using healing magic will make their bodies break down.”
Ah, I did hear something like that before.
This was common knowledge in many games.
Healing magic had the same effect as offensive magic against the undead.
But this useless goddess wouldn’t amount to anything even if we grind her levels…
… I had a stroke of inspiration.
When I leveled up, all my stats got higher.
What about Aqua?
The idiot pretending to cry and sneaking glances at me from time to time might get smarter after leveling up, which was the best way to improve our combat potential.
“Yes, that seems great. The problem is that Darkness’s armour isn’t ready…”
Darkness crossed her arms and announced frankly:
“I’m fine with it, my full set of defensive skills aren’t just for show. Even without armour, I dare say that I’m harder than an adamantoise. And it feels better without armour when I get hit.”
“… You just said it feels great to get hit.”
“… No I didn’t.”
“Yes you did.”
“I didn’t… The only question is whether Aqua’s willing…”
Darkness looked at Aqua, who was lying face down on the table.
“Hey, how long are you going to cry? Participate in the conversation, we’re talking about your level…”
I reached out and patted Aqua’s shoulders…
… But I realized before patting her.
“… Snore…”
Aqua got tired from crying and was sleeping.
Is this goddess a 3-year-old kid?
On a hill, far away from town.
There was a public cemetery for poor and homeless people.
The dead were buried in this world.
A hole would be dug and they’d be covered with earth.
Our quest this time was defeating the undead monsters that were emerging from the cemetery.
It was almost evening.
We set up a tent near the cemetery and waited for night to fall.
“Slow down, Kazuma, I saw that meat first! Here, the vegetable on this side’s done, so eat this instead!”
“After the cabbage hunt, I don’t like eating vegetables anymore. I’m afraid of the vegetable flying off somewhere if I grill it.”
We set up a hot plate some distance away from the cemetery, barbecuing as we waited for dusk.
We spent the time leisurely, even though it was a hunting quest because the target was a small fry known as a zombie maker.
It was an evil spirit that controlled zombies, possessing high-quality corpses while manipulating several zombies as minions.
This monster could be defeated by a novice party, so we took on this quest.
So even though Darkness didn’t have her armour, it wasn’t too dangerous for her.
After finishing our meal, I poured coffee powder into a mug, added water with Create Water, and used the Tinder spell to heat the mug.
This was Basic Magic taught to me by a mage I met during the cabbage hunt.
As its name suggested, Tinder was a spell to light a fire and posed no offensive threat.
But, to me, it was an important spell that could replace a lighter.
Megumin looked at me with a complicated expression and held out her cup.
“… Excuse me, please give me some water. I feel that Kazuma’s more proficient than me in using magic. No one uses basic spells, but you make it look convenient.”
I cast Create Water into Megumin’s cup.
“Is that so, isn’t this the way to use basic spells? Oh right, Create Earth! … Hey, what’s this spell used for?”
I showed Megumin the dusty earth on my palm.
There were all sorts of basic elemental spells, but I wasn’t sure how to utilize this earth elemental magic.
“Well, the crops grown from magically created earth are high in quality… That’s it.”
After listening to Megumin’s explanation, Aqua beside me burst into laughter.
“What, Kazuma wants to plow the land? Are you changing jobs to a farmer? You could use Create Water for the plants too! This job’s a great fit for you, puhehe!”
I faced Aqua with my right palm and raised my left hand.
“Wind Breath!”
“Puhe, ahhh! Ah–! My eyes!”
A gust of wind blew the dust onto Aqua’s face; the goddess rolled on the ground after the sand got into her eyes.
“… I got it, so that’s how you use this spell.”
“No, normal people don’t use it that way! And why are you using basic spells better than a mage!?”
“… It’s getting cold. Hey Kazuma, our quest’s to take down the zombie maker, right? I have a feeling it won’t be a small fry, but a big shot undead.”
It was late at night and the moon had risen.
Aqua had commented suddenly.
“… Hey, don’t say such ominous things. What if you really jinx the quest? Our quest for the day’s to defeat one zombie maker and return the zombies to dust. We can then go back to the stables and sleep. We’ll also go back immediately if anything out of the ordinary happens. Understand?”
Everyone nodded and agreed with me.
It was about time.
We walked toward the cemetery with me in the lead as I’d learned Enemy Detection from Chris.
Aqua’s words made me worry. But this goddess always said unpleasant things, so it shouldn’t be a big deal.
… Probably.
… Hmm?
“What’s this, I feel a strong presence. It should be the effect of Enemy Detection. Enemies ahead. 1, 2 3, 4…?”
… Strange, there were too many.
I heard there should be just 2 or 3 zombie minions around a zombie maker.
But this was still within the margin of error…
As I was thinking that, blue and white lights suddenly shone from the middle of the cemetery.
… What was happening?
That white light seemed evil and fantasy-like.
The clearly visible blue light was a giant magic circle.
At the edge of the magic circle was a figure in black robes.
“… Hmm? I think… That isn’t a zombie maker…”
Megumin said unconfidently.
Beside the black-robed figure were several fluttering shadows.
“Are we going in? Even if that isn’t a zombie maker, anyone staying in the cemetery at this hour’s probably an undead. If that’s the case, then it wouldn’t be a problem with Archpriest Aqua around.”
Darkness took out her sword and appeared anxious to move on.
Calm down, you.
Aqua made an exaggerated action now.
“Ah–!”
I didn’t know what the suddenly shouting Aqua was thinking as she charged at the robed figure.
“Wait! Hey, wait up!”
The charging Aqua ignored me and rushed toward the figure, pointing at it with her finger.
“How dare you show up here, lich! I’ll take care of you!”
Lich.
On par with vampires, they were top-tier among the undead.
High-level mages could desert their mortal bodies through magical arts and become the immortal known as the ‘overlord of death’.
Unlike the undead monster that rose because of strong grudges, a lich twisted the order of nature and were existences which defied the gods.
A powerful monster akin to a final boss…
“Stop, stop–! Who are you? Where’d you come from and why are you destroying my magic circle? Stop! Please stop?”
“You’re noisy, shut up undead! You must be thinking of using this suspicious magic circle for devious means, I’ll stomp it! Stomp!”
The powerful monster grabbed onto Aqua’s waist in tears, attempting to stop her from stepping on the magic circle.
The minions beside the lich didn’t move in to stop the two of them wrestling with each other and just blankly stood there, watching them.
… Eh–what should I do?
In any case, she didn’t seem to be a zombie maker.
Aqua claimed that the person she was entangled with was a lich, but the way I saw it, she was just a pitiful passerby being picked on by a hooligan.
“Stop–! Please stop–! This magic circle’s used to send the wandering spirits to heaven! Look! The spirits are floating from the magic circle toward the sky, right?”
Just as the lich said, lots of wisp-like, bluish-white objects that came from nowhere drifted into the magic circle and were rising up into the sky along with the light of the magic circle.
“You’re acting too arrogant for a lich! An Archpriest like me will perform such benevolent acts, so just scram! You’re taking too much time, watch me purify the whole cemetery along with you!”
“Eh? Wait, stop!”
The lich started to panic when she heard Aqua’s words.
But Aqua ignored her, opened her arms and shouted:
“Turn Undead–!”
A white light encompassed the entire cemetery with Aqua in the middle.
The light seemed to be gushing out from Aqua’s body, and caused the zombies around the lich to vanish upon contact.
It was the same with the spirits gathering at the magic circle of the lich, they disappeared when Aqua’s light reached them. The lich was also basked in that light…
“Hya–! My, my body’s fading! Stop, my body’s disappearing! I’ll be purified!”
“Ha, foolish lich! Your existence goes against the law of nature, an undead which defies the will of the gods! Disappear, be vanquished by my power!”
“Hey, stop it!”
I stood behind Aqua and knocked the back of her head with the hilt of my sword.
“…! That hurts! Why’d you hit me!?”
Her focus was broken when the back of her head was hit and she stopped emitting light, held her head and scolded me with tearing eyes.
Darkness and Megumin caught up to us. I ignored Aqua and spoke to the lich, which was trembling while curled up in a ball.
“Hey, are you fine? Um… May I address you as ‘Lich’?”
Looking closely, the feet of the lich had turned translucent and were on the verge of disappearing.
Her feet slowly became opaque again and the lich stood up unsteadily with teary eyes.
“I-I-I’m fine… Thank, thank you for saving me from that crisis…! Um, you’re right, I’m a lich. My name’s Wiz.”
After that, she took off the hood she was wearing. Under the moonlight, she seemed to be a beautiful, brown haired woman around twenty years of age.
I thought a lich would have a skull-like face.
Wiz wore a black robe in the style of an evil witch.
No, since she was a lich… She was an evil witch, right?
“Eh, Wiz? What are you doing in this cemetery? You said you wanted to send the spirits to heaven… Now, I don’t want to agree with Aqua, but that shouldn’t be what a lich like you should be doing, right?”
“What are you doing Kazuma!? Be careful or you’ll get contaminated and turn into an undead! Let me cast Turn Undead on her!”
Aqua became agitated after hearing what I said and wanted to cast a spell on Wiz.
Wiz hid behind me with a troubled and terrified expression.
“B-Because as you can see… I’m a lich, the overlord of the undying. As the overlord, I can hear the voices of the spirits wandering in the world. Most of the spirits in this public cemetery don’t have money and didn’t have a proper burial, so they couldn’t move on to the afterlife and haunted the cemetery every night. Since I’m an overlord, I’d visit periodically and send the children on their way.”
… My eyes were tearing up.
What a good person.
Apart from the counter lady, she was probably the first normal person I met since coming to this world.
Ah, though I guess she was technically not a human.
“I think that’s a wonderful thing, but… Although I’m not Aqua, wouldn’t it be better to leave this to the priest in this town?”
In response to my query, Wiz was hesitant to speak as she peeked at the unhappy Aqua, finally saying:
“B-Because… The priests in this town are materialistic… Eh, no. I mean… The rites for those without money would be pushed down their waiting list… Something like that…”
It was probably hard to say it in the presence of the Archpriest Aqua.
“You mean the priests in this town are people who worship money? The public cemetery which is full of poor people is basically ignored by them, right?”
“W-Well, that’s how it is…”
Everyone gazed at Aqua silently while she averted her eyes from everyone.
“Since that’s the case, then it can’t be helped. But could you stop animating the zombies? We’re here because of a quest to defeat the zombie maker.”
Wiz was troubled by what I said.
“Ah, I see. But I didn’t animate them, the corpses that are intact would rise automatically due to my magic every time I come. Um, I won’t have any reason to visit if the spirits in the cemetery don’t wander anymore and return to heaven… So, how should we resolve this?”
We left the cemetery and were journeying back to town.
“I can’t accept this!”
Aqua was still fuming.
Dawn was just about to break.
“It couldn’t be helped; she was such a nice person. You couldn’t bear to kill her, right?”
We decided to let that lich off.
At the same time, we came to a consensus for the idle Aqua to purify the cemetery periodically.
Fortunately, no matter how bad Aqua was, she still was a goddess. She knew that purifying the undead and wandering spirits was her job.
But she threw a tantrum because her sleeping time would be reduced.
Megumin and Darkness were hesitant about letting a monster off, but they agreed after learning Wiz had never attacked a human before.
I looked at the paper Wiz gave to me and said:
“But for a lich to live normally in town, the security’s really lacking.”
The piece of paper had Wiz’s address on it.
That lich seemed to be living life as a normal human in our town.
She even said she was running a small magic item shop.
I told her my impression of liches dwelling in dungeons and she replied that it wasn’t convenient and there was no reason to live there.
Liches were once humans too, so I knew what she meant.
I did understand, but since coming to this world my fantasies about alternate worlds have been shattered.
This wasn’t the kind of world I was hoping for.
“We were lucky things turned out so well in the end. Even with Aqua here, the opponent was still a lich. If we really had fought, Kazuma and I would definitely be dead.”
Hearing Megumin say that nonchalantly, I was stunned.
“Eh, are liches such dangerous monsters? Would it have been a tough fight?”
“It’s much worse than that! Liches have a high magic defense, so nothing can harm her except enchanted weapons. She can trigger all sorts of abnormal statuses just by touching her enemies, and she can also drain their life and mana; she’s a legendary immortal monster. What surprised me was that Aqua’s Turn Undead had such a great effect on such a powerful being.”
I almost lost control of my bowels.
That was right, she was the boss of the undead after all.
When I heard she was willing to teach me the skills of a lich, I took her name card gleefully. When I visit her to learn new skills, I must remember to bring Aqua along.
“Kazuma, give me the name card. I want to set up a holy barrier around the home of that woman and make her cry.”
“Please let her go.”
On second thought, it’d be better not to take Aqua along…
As we were thinking about that, Darkness said quietly:
“By the way, what about the quest to defeat the zombie maker?”
“Ah.”
Quest failed.
“Have you heard? Rumour says that a General of the Demon King’s army has taken over the old castle on that hill a short distance away from town.”
In the corner of the bar operated by the guild.
I was listening to a man sitting at my table and drinking during the day.
I wasn’t drinking beer though, but Neroid Swish.
What was Neroid?
What was Swish?
I only tried it out of curiosity since the people told me this was the non-alcoholic beverage of choice among patrons…
If you asked me if it was good, I could only answer it in this way:
… Um, I don’t know.
But I knew what swish meant.
It was the texture you felt when you drank it.
This wasn’t a carbonated drink. I didn’t really get what the swish texture was, but this feeling could only be described as swish.
I finished the Neroid and placed the cup on the table…
“A Demon King’s General. That sounds bad, but it has nothing to do with us.”
“That’s right.”
The man before me agreed with my negative and irresponsible words.
There was an unexpectedly huge crowd of people chatting in the guild, and I could hear many interesting topics.
For example, the places to avoid taking quests in because dangerous monsters have been spotted there.
I had a hard time just surviving since coming to this world and had never gathered intelligence in this way before.
Collecting information was the most important step to avoid raising flags.
Talking about such things in a bar had an adventurer-like feeling, so it made me happy.
The man sitting opposite me said:
“Anyway, it’s better not to approach the abandoned castle to the north of town. This isn’t the capital of the kingdom, so who knows what a Demon King’s General is doing here. But since it’s a general, it’s probably an ogre lord, vampire, archdemon or dragon. No matter what it is, it’ll be a monster that can kill us instantly. It’d be best not to take any quests around that place for now.”
After thanking the man, I left my seat and returned to the table my party was at…
“… What? Why are you all looking at me like that?”
Aqua, Darkness and Megumin took small mouthfuls of the vegetable sticks in the cup at the centre of the table as they stared at me.
“Nothing– I wasn’t worried about Kazuma joining another party or anything.”
Aqua said as she looked at me with uneasy eyes.
“…? Eh, I was just gathering information. That’s what adventurers do.”
I took a seat at their table and reached for a vegetable stick.
Dodge.
The vegetable stick dodged my outstretched hand.
… Hey!
“What are you doing, Kazuma?”
Aqua slammed the table, making the vegetable sticks jump in surprise.
While they were momentarily in the air, Aqua grabbed one and stuffed it in her mouth.
“… Hmm. You looked so happy. You were really having fun chatting, Kazuma. Were you that close with members of the other parties?”
Megumin slammed the table with her fist, picked up the vegetable stick that was too scared to move and shoved it in her mouth.
“… What’s this refreshing feeling? Seeing Kazuma being on good terms with the other parties, the melancholic feeling’s mixed with something good. Could this be the legendary NTR…?”
That crazy pervert who was spilling nonsense flicked the edge of the cup with her finger and grabbed a vegetable stick nimbly.
“What’s with all of you? Isn’t collecting intelligence in such a place what adventurers do…?”
I hit the table as I spoke and reached for a vegetable stick…
Dodge.
“… What’s with this dodging–!?”
“S-Stop–! What are you doing to my vegetable sticks!? No, don’t destroy the food!”
I grabbed the cup containing the vegetable sticks and prepared to throw it against the wall, but Aqua, who was on the verge of tears, restrained my hand.
“How dare a mere vegetable look down on me! It’s a little late to say this, but… But how can the vegetables run!? Can you please serve food that is already dead!?”
“What are you talking about? Be it fish or vegetable, it tastes better if it’s fresh, right? Haven’t you heard of killing it and serving it on the spot?”
Then kill it before serving it!
I gave up on eating the vegetable sticks.
“Right… Forget it, let’s ignore the vegetables for now, I’ve got something important to ask you. I was thinking about what new skills to learn after leveling up. To be honest, the composition of this party’s too unbalanced. So I’m thinking of making up for our weakness since I have the most flexible job. By the way, what skills have all of you learned?”
Indeed, in order to take on more difficult quests, it was important to consider the teamwork of the party before learning any new skills.
That was what I thought when I came to discuss things with them, but…
“My skills are centred around Physical Defense, Magical Resistance and Abnormal Status Resistance. I also have a skill called Decoy that’s used to taunt the enemy.”
“… Don’t you plan to learn something like Two-handed Sword to increase your attack accuracy?”
“I don’t plan to. It might sound like I’m boasting, but my stamina and strength are great. If my attacks land easily, I could easily defeat monsters without taking damage. And it’s not good to hold back intentionally. This is how things should go: Attacking with all my might but not being able hit the enemy and being captured as my strength wanes. That’s the best.”
“Enough you, shut up.”
“… Hahaha…! You’re the one who asked, but to treat me like this…”
I decided to ignore Darkness as she panted with a red face.
I looked at Megumin, who tilted her head and said:
“Of course, I learned explosion-related skills… Explosion, Explosion Damage Increase, Fast Chanting, et cetera. All the skills needed to cast the perfect explosion spell. It’s the same as before and will be so in the future.”
“… Do you have no intention of learning something like mid-tier magic?”
“I don’t plan to.”
This girl won’t do either…
“As for me…”
“There’s no need.”
“Ahem?”
Aqua was planning to explain her skills, but I shut her up immediately.
It was just party tricks, party tricks and party tricks anyway.
And so…
“Why can’t this party get its act together…? Maybe I should think about switching parties…”
“!”
My soft mumbling surprised the three of them.
– A few days after the emergency cabbage hunt quest.
All the cabbages captured back then had been sold.
And the adventurers got their bounties.
“Kazuma, look! I earned a lot, so I upgraded the armour I sent in for repair. How does it look?”
Inside the adventurer’s guild filled to the brim with people collecting their bounties, Darkness happily showed me the armour she got back from the repair shop.
If I wanted to put it simply…
“This armour looks like something the upstart son of nobility would wear.”
“… Kazuma’s merciless regardless of the situation. Even I want to hear an honest compliment from time to time.”
Darkness said with a dejected expression.
How could I tell?
Anyway…
“There’s someone even worse, so I don’t have the time to play with you. Could you please take care of that pervert before she drops lower than you?”
“Huff… Huff… I can’t, I can’t take it! The magic of this manatite staff, the colour and glister… Huff…Huff…”
Megumin was hugging her decked out staff and grinding her face against it.
Manatite was a rare metal said to have special properties. Utilizing it in building a staff would increase the power of its spells.
Megumin had been acting this way ever since she upgraded her staff with her earnings.
I heard the power of the explosion spell would increase by a dozen or so percent.
Why are you increasing the power of explosion magic which is already overpowered?
Instead of doing that, shouldn’t you be learning magic that can be more convenient? I had plenty of similar questions on the tip of my tongue, but I really didn’t want to bother with Megumin as she is currently, so I decided to ignore it.
I was already satisfied after collecting my rewards.
Darkness who attracted the monsters towards her.
Megumin who destroyed those monsters with a single spell.
And Aqua who chased the cabbages on her own without caring about these two.
We decided to not split the earnings from the cabbage hunt and collected our own bounties.
The one who suggested this was Aqua, whose harvest was only second to mine.
And that person was waiting her turn to collect the bounty, but…
“What’d you say–? Wait, what’s this?”
Aqua’s voice reverberated through the guild.
“Hey…! How could this be…!”
As expected, Aqua was arguing with the person manning the counter.
She grabbed the collar of the counter lady and was protesting something.
“Why’s there only 50,000 eris!? Do you know how many cabbages I caught!? It’s more than 20!”
“Um, this is hard to say…”
“What!?”
“… What Aqua-san turned in was mostly lettuce.”
“… Why was lettuce mixed in there!?”
“Even if you ask me that, I wouldn’t know!”
From their conversation, there seemed to be a problem with the bounty.
Aqua probably realized there was no use in arguing with the counter lady. She put her hands behind her and approached me with a smile.
“Ka~zuma-san! How much did you get from this quest?”
“A little over a million.”
“A million!?”
Aqua, Darkness and Megumin were stunned beyond words.
Indeed, I earned a small fortune from the sudden quest.
The cabbages I caught were mostly high-grade cabbages that yielded plenty of experience points.
This was the difference in our luck.
“Kazuma-sama–! How should I put this, I always thought you were such a great person!”
“Don’t push yourself if you can’t think of any ways to compliment me. Let me say this first: I’ve already decided on how to utilize the money, so I won’t give you any.”
After hearing me interrupt her, Aqua’s smile stiffened.
“Kazuma-san–! I thought I’d earn a lot from the quest, so I spent all the money on me these past few days! I estimated I’d make a killing, so I owe nearly 100,000 eris in this bar! I can’t pay it off with the bounty!”
I pulled Aqua who was crying as she clung on me off. As I pressed on my temples, I wondered why this girl couldn’t think things through carefully.
“I don’t care, you’re the one who wanted ‘everyone to keep their own earnings’. Anyway, I should find a house for myself. It’s uncomfortable to keep staying in the stables, right?”
Normally, adventurers wouldn’t buy a house.
Because adventurers didn’t seek stability and travelled a lot.
The reason why there were so few successful adventurers were due to most of them making only enough to get by.
To be honest, it was impossible to take down the Demon King with these members. I was on the verge of giving up.
The job of fighting the Demon King’s army should be left to the people sent here before me who had gotten powerful abilities and equipment.
After all, I had the basic job anyone could take, the weakest job, Adventurer.
And unlike those who’d trained to be adventurers from the beginning, all my stats were low; I was really a commoner you could find anywhere.
After adventuring in a safe place to satisfy my curiosity, I’d be satisfied in spending the rest of my days leisurely.
Hence, I was planning to find a small house to rent and buy if it was cheap enough.
Aqua looked like she was about to cry as she grabbed onto me tightly.
“Why did it turn out like this? Ahhh! Please, Kazuma, lend me money! Just enough to pay off my debts! I know Kazuma’s a boy and you’d do sneaky things in the stables sometimes, so I understand why you want a private room! 50,000! Just 50,000’s enough! Please–!”
“I get it, 50,000’s just chump change! I really get it, so shut up!”
“Kazuma, let’s hurry and find a quest! One with lots of weak monsters! I want to test the power of my new staff!”
Megumin suddenly said.
Yeah.
“You’re right, when we were hunting the zombie maker, I didn’t have time to test out my new skills. Let’s find a safe and simple quest.”
“No, let’s find a quest that can earn lots of money! I cleared my tabs, so I don’t even have money for food today!”
“No, let’s find one with strong enemies! One with monsters that have strong attacks and are tough as nails…!”
Hey, there should be a limit on how disunited a party could be.
“Anyway, let’s decide after looking at the bulletin board.”
Everyone followed my suggestion and moved to the bulletin board.
And…
“… Weird? Why are there so few requests?”
Indeed, the board was usually full of requests.
But there were only a few today.
Also…
“Kazuma! Pick this one, this one! A giant bear showed up in the mountains, its name is Black Fang…”
“Rejected! Hey, what’s this? Why are there only high-difficulty quests left!?”
Precisely, all the quests left on the board were beyond our capabilities.
As we were filled with doubt, a staff member came to us.
“I’m sorry… A Demon King’s General seemed to have moved into a small castle near town… It might’ve been the influence of the general, but the weak monsters in the region have all lain low, resulting in a drastic drop in quests. A band of knights dispatched from the capital will be here next month to take out the general. But before that, there are only high-difficulty quests left…”
When she heard the staff member say that, the penniless Aqua screamed.
“Why–!?”
… Even I was feeling sympathetic toward Aqua.
“Really… Why did he pick this moment to move here!? I don’t know what this general is, but it’d better watch out if it’s an undead!”
Aqua complained in tears as she browsed through the employment magazine.
The other adventurers were feeling the same and seemed down. There were more people getting drunk in broad daylight.
I didn’t know why the general chose to move here.
Frankly speaking, most of the adventurers in this town were about our level.
There were many parties stronger than us, but their powers were still limited.
This was the first town novice adventurers visited, a place for beginners to learn the basics.
In gaming terms, a Demon King’s General should be a character that appears toward the end.
We had a hard time fighting toads, so there was no way we could take on a general no matter how many of us there were.
“That means that before the powerful adventurers and knights from the capital arrive here next month, we can’t work as usual.”
“That’s how it is… During this period when we can’t do quests, I’ll need you to accompany me…”
I came with Megumin to the outskirts of town.
There were no dangerous monsters around town right now.
After the Demon King’s General arrived, the weak monsters all hid themselves in fear.
I came along with Megumin, who couldn’t use Explosion because we couldn’t take on quests, for a walk.
This girl had something she needed to do every day, which was casting her Explosion.
Would I need to accompany this fellow out here every day for the entire month?
I thought about ignoring Megumin and asked her to go alone, but she countered that no one would be carrying her on the way back.
“Here should be far enough, right? Hurry up, cast your spell so we can head back.”
A short distance from town, I rushed Megumin to cast her spell.
But Megumin shook her head and said:
“No, the guards will lecture me again if we do this too close to town.”
“You said ‘again’ just now, right? Because it was too loud?”
Megumin nodded to acknowledge me.
It couldn’t be helped. I felt a bit uneasy without my weapon, but there were no monsters around anyway.
And so, I decided to hike a bit further.
Now that I thought about it, I didn’t have many chances to walk around outside leisurely like this.
My trips outside were usually for hunting monsters or quests.
Not a casual stroll like this…
“…? What is that, an abandoned castle?”
On the hills some distance ahead.
An ancient, dilapidated castle was erected there.
It looked just like a haunted house…
“It feels creepy… As if there are ghosts residing in there…”
I mumbled to myself…
“Let’s pick that place! No one will complain even if I destroy a ruin like that.”
Megumin happily prepared the spell after she finished.
A breeze blew through the hills, making me feel refreshed.
The chanting of the explosion spell that didn’t fit in with the comfortable atmosphere was carried off by the wind…!
… And so, Megumin and I started our new daily routine.
The penniless Aqua was working hard every day.
Darkness said she would return home to train.
The idle Megumin went to the abandoned castle to cast her explosion spell daily without fail.
Whether it is a cold evening with icy rain…
… Or a lazy afternoon after lunch.
… Or a refreshing morning when she went for a stroll.
But no matter the time, Megumin would cast her spell at that castle every single day…
And I watched Megumin’s spell every day, and was even able to judge whether the condition of the explosion spell was good or bad.
“Explosion–!”
“Oh, that seemed pretty good. The impact of the explosion could be felt through my bones, followed by the air tremors which trailed immediately after. It’s strange that the abandoned castle remains intact but… What an explosion!”
“Great explosion! Kuku, Kazuma understands the way of explosions more now. Your comment today hit the mark and was poetic, so… How about it? I’m not just talking about this casually; Kazuma do you want to seriously consider learning Explosion magic?”
“Yeah– the path of explosions is interesting… But from the composition of our current party, there’s no need for two mages. But when I retire from adventuring and have leftover skill points, it would be interesting to use them to learn explosion magic.”
Megumin discussed such things with me with a smile.
Just like this, we had conversations about explosions. We’d rate them based on things like their sound (not just the volume, but other factors like the pitch as well), and just chatted about the path of explosions in general.
– A week after we started our explosion stroll, in the morning.
“Emergency broadcast! Emergency broadcast! Attention all adventurers, please prepare for combat and report to the main gate of the city!”
The familiar emergency broadcast could be heard through the entire town.
After hearing the broadcast, we put on our gear and rushed onto the scene.
A lot of adventurers were gathered at the main gate. When we reached the scene, we saw an intimidating monster standing before us, and we could only blankly stare at it.
Dullahan.
A monster that brought despair and the premonition of death to men.
After turning into an undead, its physical strength was stronger than it was in life, and it gained unique powers as well.
The knight in black armor standing at the front gate held his head on the left side of his body. Before the eyes of the gathered adventurers, he presented his head that was covered fully in its helmet before everyone.
The head said in a distorted voice:
“… I’m a Demon King’s General, and have recently moved into a castle nearby…”
As he spoke, the head started trembling…!
“Every day, every day, every day! Where is that crazy idiot who comes to my castle to cast Explosion every day–!?”
This General of the Demon King’s army was seriously angry.
The yelling Dullahan seemed to be suppressing his anger until he couldn’t hold back anymore, making the adventurers around me chatter.
… Or rather, everyone present didn’t seem to get what was happening.
Anyway, the reason for the emergency summons was probably due to the Dullahan going mad from fury before us.
“… Explosion?”
“The one who knows explosion magic is…”
“If you’re talking about Explosion, it would be…”
The gaze of the people around us naturally fell on Megumin beside me.
… Megumin, who was the center of attention, turned her head sharply at a girl mage standing beside her.
Affected by her action, I looked at that girl. Everyone else was also influenced and stared at that girl…
“Huh? M-Me? Why are you all looking at me? I can’t use explosion magic!”
The girl mage being framed denied in a hurry.
… Wait, could it be…? The abandoned castle where we cast explosion magic every day!
Could it be…?
I peeked beside me at Megumin, and saw her sweating.
This fellow noticed too.
Finally, Megumin sighed and walked forward with an annoyed face.
The adventurers reacted to her movement and opened a path to the Dullahan.
Megumin stood about 10 meters from the Dullahan and faced him.
With me in the lead, Darkness and Aqua also followed behind Megumin.
Aqua, who would aggressively attack whenever she saw an undead, probably thought the sight of an angry Dullahan was a good thing and was expectantly watching what would happen.
“So, it’s you…! Are you the moron who cast Explosion on my castle every day? If you knew I was a general of the Demon Army and wanted to challenge me to a fight, then enter the castle! If not, then just hide in town and tremble! Why are you bothering me with such evil means? I knew there were only low-level adventurers in town! I wanted to leave such minor characters alone, but you can’t catch a clue and come boom, boom, boom with your spells every day…! Is there something wrong with your head?”
Probably irked by the daily explosion magic, the helmet of the Dullahan trembled with rage.
Megumin was intimidated and a bit scared, but she still flicked the cape she wore…
“I’m Megumin. As an Archwizard, I have mastered explosion spells…!”
“… What kind of name is Megumin, are you mocking me?”
“No, that’s not it!”
Despite the Dullahan’s retorts, Megumin composed herself and continued:
“I am a Crimson Demon, and the elite mage of this town. I cast explosion magic continuously to lure you, the Demon King’s General, out…! As I planned, you came to town alone after being tricked; your end is near!”
Seeing Megumin pointing her staff at the Dullahan excitedly, I whispered to Darkness and Aqua behind her.
“… Hey, this girl actually said that. She was playing around, saying she would die if she didn’t cast explosion magic every day, so I brought her to the area around that castle. When did it turn into her plan?”
“… Yeah, and she used the chaos to declare herself as an elite mage of this town.”
“Shhh–! Don’t say that out loud! She hasn’t used her explosion spell yet and a bunch of adventurers are backing her from behind, so she’s adopting a strong position. She’s still talking, so let’s see how this goes!”
Megumin probably heard what we said; even though she maintained her posture, her face turned red.
Somehow, the Dullahan accepted what she said.
“… Oh, a Crimson Demon. I see, so that weird name wasn’t a lie.”
“Hey, if you have any comments about the name my parents gave me, spit it out!”
Megumin became angry after hearing what the Dullahan said, but he paid her no heed.
… Or rather, he wasn’t bothered after seeing the adventurers of the entire town gathered here.
As expected of a Demon King’s General; he probably didn’t think anything about us rookies.
“… Hmph, forget it. I didn’t come here to mess with peasants like you. I’m here to investigate something. I’ll be staying in that castle for the time being, so don’t cast Explosion on it anymore. Understand?”
“That’s like asking me to die. Those of the Crimson Demon clan need to cast explosion spells once every day, or we’ll die.”
“Hey, I’ve never heard of this before! Stop bullshitting me!”
What should I do? I wanted to see Megumin and that monster chat some more.
I looked at Aqua; she was happily watching Megumin messing around with the Dullahan.
The Dullahan placed his head on his right hand and shrugged.
“You don’t plan on giving up explosion magic no matter what? Even though I have taken the side of darkness, I was a knight before and have no interest in slaughtering the weak. But if you continue to bother me with such things, I have my way of handling things too.”
The Dullahan emitted a dangerous aura, making Megumin take a few steps back.
But Megumin had a cocky smile…!
“We’re the ones being bothered, alright!? Because of you staying in that castle, we couldn’t even do our work properly! Hmph… You can only act high and mighty now. We have an expert that deals with the undead here! Master, I leave it to you!”
After throwing out big words, Megumin left everything in Aqua’s hands.
… Hey.
“I guess it can’t be helped–! I don’t know if you’re a Demon King’s General or what, but you’re unlucky to come here when I’m around. An undead coming out in broad daylight when your powers are at their weakest; you’re just asking to be purified! It’s all your fault that I couldn’t take on any quests! Okay, are you ready to face the music?”
After Megumin addressed her as master, Aqua cheerfully stood before the Dullahan.
The adventurers gulped nervously as they wondered how things would develop. Under the eyes of the masses, Aqua extended her hand out at the Dullahan.
Seeing that, the Dullahan offered his head to Aqua excitedly.
This was probably the way for the Dullahan to express that he was ‘watching seriously’.
“Oh, impressive. You’re not a normal priestess… but an Archpriest, right? But no matter what, I’m still a Demon King’s General. I have not fallen so low that I would be purified by a low-level Archpriest in a place like this. I have my ways of dealing with Archpriests too… But I’ll start by torturing this Crimson Demon girl!”
As Aqua was preparing to chant her spells, the Dullahan moved and pointed his index finger at Megumin.
The Dullahan then shouted!
“I shall predict your death! You will die one week from now!”
As the Dullahan cast his spell, Darkness grabbed Megumin’s collar and hid Megumin behind her.
“Huh? D-Darkness!”
As Megumin screamed, Darkness’s body glowed with a faint dark light.
Damn, she was hit! Was that a proclamation of death?
“Darkness, are you all right? Does it hurt anywhere?”
I asked in a hurry, but Darkness stretched her hands a few times to confirm it.
“… Yeah, I didn’t feel anything.”
She said casually.
But the Dullahan did shout that she would die one week from now.
As Aqua was touching the cursed Darkness everywhere, the Dullahan announced delightedly:
“That curse won’t harm you now. My plans were foiled a bit, but since the camaraderie among adventurers is so deep, this must hurt more… Listen carefully, Crimson Demon girl… If this goes on, that Crusader will die in a week. Hmph, your important companion will be tortured by the horror of death in the meantime… That’s right, this is all your fault! In the following week, you will see the pain of your companion and regret your actions! Hmm… Hahaha, you should’ve obediently listened to me!”
As Megumin’s face was turning pale because of the Dullahan’s words, Darkness shouted as she trembled:
“There… There is such a thing!? That means you have cast a death curse on me, and I must do as you say for you to release said curse! That’s what you meant, right!?”
“Huh?”
The Dullahan didn’t seem to get what Darkness was saying and reacted plainly.
I didn’t understand what she was saying either… And I didn’t want to understand.
“Ugh…! Just a mere curse, don’t think you can make me submit…! I won’t yield…! But, what should I do Kazuma!? Look at that Dullahan, look at his evil lustful eyes under his helmet! No matter how I see it, he wants to bring me back to his castle and do as he pleases if I want him to release the curse. A pervert that wants me to do hardcore perverted play!”
The pitiful Dullahan who was accused of being a sexual deviant in public said:
“… Huh?”
How pitiful.
“Even if you can do what you want with my body, you will never have my heart! I’m going to become a female knight imprisoned in a castle and let the henchman of the Demon King do unreasonable things with me! Ah, what should I do…? What should I do, Kazuma!? This situation is more thrilling than I expected! I don’t want to go, but I have no choice! I’ll resist to the very last moment, so don’t stop me! Well then, I’ll be back in a jiffy!”
“Huh…? Huh?”
“Stop right there, you can’t go! Look how troubled the Dullahan is!”
Darkness was in a hurry to leave with the enemy. When I grabbed her collar from behind, I could see the Dullahan breathe a sigh in relief.
“A-Anyway! If you have learned your lesson, stop casting Explosion on my castle! And the Crimson Demon girl! If you want me to release the curse on that Crusader, then come to my castle! If you can make it to my room at the very top, I’ll release her curse! But… My minions are everywhere in the castle, and it is full of undead knights. Can you rookie adventurers make your way to me? Hmm? Hmm? Hmm? Hahaha!”
After saying his piece, the Dullahan laughed loudly as he rode his headless horse and went in the direction of the castle…
This cruel development made the gathered adventurers stand stiff with a blank face.
I was the same.
Beside me, Megumin tightly gripped her staff and trembled, her face green.
She planned to head out of town alone.
“Hey, where are you going? What do you plan to do?”
I tugged on her cape.
Megumin replied without turning her head:
“I’m responsible for this incident. I’ll head to the castle and cast Explosion on that Dullahan directly to dispel Darkness’s curse.”
There was no way Megumin could do it alone.
… That was why.
“I’ll go with you. If you ran into some minions and used your spell, that would end right there. I didn’t realize that was the castle of the Demon King’s General either, even though I was with you all this time.”
Megumin made a heavy expression when she heard me. In the end, she drooped her shoulders and gave up her original plan.
“… Well then, let’s go together. But he said that there would be a bunch of undead knights there. If that’s the case, then weapons will be useless. My magic will be more practical… So, you have to rely on me when the time comes.”
Megumin said with a smile.
From the name ‘Undead Knights’, they should be enemies wearing full armour.
In the face of such foes, my cheap weapon would be useless.
But I still had other ideas.
“I can use my Detect Enemy skill to search for monsters in the castle and conceal myself with Lurk and sneak in. Or we can visit the castle every day and defeat the enemy on each level, one day at a time, before coming back. We’ll reduce enemy numbers slowly… And since the time limit is one week, this plan should work.”
Megumin probably felt that there was hope after listening to my suggestion and cheered up. Megumin and I turned and looked at Darkness.
“Hey Darkness! We’ll break your curse! So, don’t worry…”
“Sacred Break Spell!”
Just when I was encouraging Darkness.
Aqua’s spell interrupted me and Darkness’s body glowed faintly.
Darkness then looked as if she had missed a chance for something and was down; in contrast, Aqua was happy as she said:
“With me around, breaking the curse of the Dullahan is easy! What do you think? I look like a priestess sometimes, right?”
“… Huh?”
… And to think Megumin and I were debating so passionately; give my motivation back to me.
– A week after the Demon King’s General incident was resolved peacefully.
“I want to take a quest! It’s fine even if it’s a bit hard, let’s take a quest!”
“Huh…”
Megumin and I expressed our displeasure when we heard Aqua say that.
Except for Aqua, our wallets were very full.
And there were only high-difficulty quests left; I didn’t want to go out of my way to take those jobs.
“I’m fine with it… But I alone won’t have enough combat power and Megumin…”
Darkness glanced at Megumin and me while saying this.
Even if you looked at us, Megumin and I have no reason to force ourselves to take on a dangerous quest.
Looking at how disinterested we were, Aqua cried out loud.
“Please, I beg you–! I don’t want to work anymore! The store owner gets mad if I don’t sell all the croquettes! I’ll work hard! I’ll do my best this time–!”
Megumin and I looked at each other.
“All right then… Then look and see if there are any quests that look fine. We’ll go with you if the quest isn’t too bad.”
Aqua rushed to the bulletin board after hearing us say that.
“… Kazuma, shouldn’t you look too? If you leave it to Aqua, she’ll probably pick an incredible quest…”
“… You’re correct, but I won’t mind even if the quest is a bit hard…”
After listening to Megumin and Darkness’s comments, I had an ominous feeling.
I came to the bulletin board and stood behind Aqua as she was thinking about which quest to pick.
Aqua didn’t seem to realize I was behind her and browsed the quests seriously.
Finally, she tore a paper from the board.
“… Good.”
“Good your head! What quest are you taking!?”
I snatched the client request from Aqua’s hand.
‘– Hunting the Manticore and Griffon–The Manticore and Griffon are fighting for territory. It is dangerous to leave them alone, please hunt them both. Bounty is 500,000 eris.’
“You idiot!”
I shouted as I returned it to the bulletin board.
I was right to follow her. I was almost dragged into an incredibly dangerous quest.
“What we need is to let Megumin hit them with an explosion while they’re together to settle it in one shot. Why are you so timid…?”
This fellow was planning on letting me take the task of getting these two dangerous monsters to gather at the same spot.
How about taking this quest and letting her do it alone? As I was thinking it over, Aqua tugged my sleeve excitedly.
“This one! Look at this one!”
Listening to what Aqua said, I looked at the request form she was pointing at.
‘– Lake purification–The lake which was one of the water sources for the town has been polluted; brutal alligators have moved into the lake. We request for someone to purify the lake. The monsters in the lake will leave after purifying it, so there is no need to fight these monsters. *Requirement: Priest with purification magic. Reward is 300,000 eris.’
“… You can purify the lake?”
Aqua snorted and said:
“Idiot, who do you think I am? From my name and appearance, you should be able to tell what kind of goddess I am, right?”
“Aren’t you the goddess of banquets?”
“As if, you hikiNEET! I’m the Goddess of water, all right! Didn’t you see my beautiful blue eyes and hair?”
I see.
Earning 300,000 just by purifying the water, it was a great deal.
Not needing to fight meant it was worth it.
“Let’s take this one. Or rather, wouldn’t you alone suffice if it’s just purifying the water? You can hog all the rewards this way, right?”
But Aqua didn’t agree with me.
“Well…  the monsters will harass me while I’m purifying the water, right? Before I finish the purification, I hope you all can protect me from the monsters.”
So that was the plan.
But from the name ‘Brutal Alligator,’ wasn’t it an alligator-type monster?
This sounded dangerous…
“By the way, how long would the purification take? Five minutes or so?”
If it was just a short while, we could wing it with Megumin’s explosion magic.
Aqua tilted her head and said: “… About half a day?”
“That’s too long!”
Fending off monsters with such a dangerous name… Who would want to do that?
As I was planning to put the bulletin back…
“Ahhh! Please, I beg of you–! There’s no other quest that’s as good! Please help me, Kazuma-san–!”
I was planning on sticking the paper back on the bulletin board, but Aqua grabbed my right hand and begged me for help. Looking at her, I thought of an idea.
“… Hey, how does the purification process work?”
“… Hmm? To purify the water, I just need to touch it with my hand and continuously cast purification magic…”
I see, so she needed to touch the water.
I had an idea, but that way…
… No, wait.
“Hey Aqua, I think there’s a way to purify the water safely. Do you want to give it a try?”
There was a large lake some distance from town.
This lake was one of the town’s water sources. A stream that flowed out of it lead straight into town.
The lake was beside a mountain, and water flowed endlessly down from it into the lake.
I got it now.
As stated in the request, the lake water appeared a bit murky and showed signs of stagnation.
I thought monsters preferred clean water, but it doesn’t seem like that’s the case.
As I looked over the lake, I heard a timid voice behind me.
“… Hey… Are we really going to do it this way?”
Aqua sounded uneasy.
My plan was flawless, so what was there to worry about?
Aqua spoke:
“… I feel like a captured rare monster that’s going to be sold…”
… The rare monster was locked in a steel cage, hugging her knees in the center as she spoke.
I planned to throw Aqua along with the cage into the lake.
In the beginning, I was planning to let her stay inside the cage some distance away from the lake. But since purification required contact with the water, the plan had evolved into this.
As the goddess of water, Aqua could stay at the bottom of a lake for an entire day without breathing and wouldn’t be uncomfortable.
From what she claimed, even without purification magic, there would be a purification effect just by immersing Aqua into the lake.
That was her godly nature. No matter how lousy of a goddess she was, it was still impressive.
Darkness and I had already moved Aqua’s cage to the side of the lake.
It was a steel cage that we had the guild loan to us.
As some quests included capturing monsters, these items were meant for such quests.
We didn’t come here to throw the useless goddess into the lake, so we didn’t need to carry it too far.
We just needed to put it by the lake so Aqua could touch the water.
This way, she would be fine even if the brutal alligators attacked her while she was purifying the waters.
It was a cage meant to transport captured monsters anyway, so it should be able to keep Aqua safe.
I heard from the guild staff that the monsters would leave the lake after the purification was completed. But just in case they refused to leave Aqua after that, we attached a strong chain to the cage.
Because the cage was heavy, we dragged it here using the horse we borrowed from town.
In the event of an emergency, I intend on using the horse to drag the cage to safety.
The cage had been lowered into the edge of the lake, soaking Aqua’s feet and buttocks in the water.
All that’s left is to wait and observe from a distance. Aqua hugged her knees and said softly:
“… I feel like a tea bag being drained of its flavour…”
The purification device…
… Correction.
Aqua had been placed in the lake for two hours.
There was no sign of any monsters attacking her.
Darkness, Megumin and I stayed on land about 20 meters from Aqua to watch over her.
I yelled at Aqua who was soaked in the lake.
“Hey–Aqua! How is the purification going? Is it cold staying in the lake? Give a holler if you want to go to the restroom! I’ll let you out of the cage–!”
I yelled from afar, and Aqua yelled back.
“Purification is proceeding smoothly! And I don’t need to go to the restroom! Archpriests don’t go to the restroom!”
Aqua said something idols in the old days would say.
I was worried about her since she had been in the water for quite a while, but she seemed to be doing fine.
“There seem to be no problems. By the way, Crimson Demons don’t need to use the restroom either.”
Megumin said without me asking.
I felt like saying ‘You and Aqua are always eating so much, where does all that stuff go…?’
“As a Crusader, I also don’t… Need to go… Ugh…”
“Darkness, don’t compete with these two. And as for you two, I’ll accept a quest that can’t be completed in a day to confirm if they really don’t need to use the restroom.”
“Don’t… Don’t do that, okay? Crimson Demons really doesn’t use the restroom! But I apologize, so don’t do that… By the way, the brutal alligators aren’t showing up. It would be great if things end peacefully like this.”
Megumin said something that could raise a flag.
And as if on cue, ripples appeared on the lake.
In terms of size, it was about the same as alligators on Earth.
But it was a monster after all, so there was some difference with Earth’s alligators.
“Ka-Kazuma–! Something’s coming over! No, lots of things are coming here!”
It seemed like the alligators of this world moved in a group.
– Four hours since the purification began.
Aqua simply soaked herself in the water in the beginning, and used the passive skill of a goddess to purify the lake. But she probably wanted to finish the purification sooner and head back, so she had been chanting purification magic nonstop.
“Purification! Purification, Purification–!”
A large group of alligators was surrounding Aqua’s cage and gnawing at it.
“Purification! Purification–! The cage is creaking! It’s creaking! The cage, cage is making weird sounds!”
Aqua screamed inside the cage, but we couldn’t blow them away with explosion magic either, so we couldn’t do anything about it.
“Aqua–! Tell us if you want to give up–! We’ll drag you along with the cage with the chain–!”
I had been shouting that towards the cage for some time now, but Aqua refused to abort the quest despite being terrified.
“I-I don’t want to! Giving up now means I won’t be able to get paid for my time! Purification! Purification–! … Wahahaha–! There was a cracking sound! The cage made a sound it shouldn’t be making!”
Aqua screamed in tears while the brutal alligators that surrounded her didn’t even look at us.
Darkness mumbled to herself as she looked at the situation over there.
“… Staying in that cage seems rather good…”
“… Don’t even think about it.”
– Seven hours after the purification began.
The battered cage was alone in the lake.
There were bite marks all over the cage after the brutal alligators attacked it.
The purification was probably done, so the brutal alligators left the cage and moved upstream.
The sound of Aqua chanting the purification spell couldn’t be heard anymore.
… Or rather, we haven’t heard Aqua make a single sound for about an hour now.
“… Hey Aqua, are you all right? The brutal alligators have left for some other place.”
We approached the cage to check on how Aqua was doing.
“… Sniff… Ugh… Hic…”
She was crying while hugging her knees. If you were so terrified, you should’ve given up the quest earlier…
But it was hard to scold her under the circumstances.
“Good girl, the purification is done… Let’s go back. I’ve discussed with Darkness and Megumin, and we won’t take the reward this time. The 300,000 is all yours.”
She had buried her face in her knees, so all we could see were her trembling shoulders.
But she didn’t want to come out from the cage.
“… Hey, it’s time to come out of the cage, all the brutal alligators are gone.”
When she heard me, Aqua said something softly:
“… like this…”
…?
“What did she say?”
“… She said the world outside the cage is scary, so bring her back to town as she is. ”
… It seems like this quest has left a deep scar in Aqua’s heart too.
“Do Na Do Na Do–Na–Do–Na–…”
“Eh… Hey Aqua, we’re already back in town, so can you stop singing that song? We’re gathering a lot of attention just by dragging a battered cage with a woman hugging her knees inside. And it’s safe back in town, so it’s about time you come out.”
“Don’t want to. This is my holy realm. The world outside is scary, so I don’t think I’ll be coming out for a while. ”
The horse dragged the cage containing Aqua, who resolutely refused to come out.
We completed the quest safely and returned to town. Under the gaze of the townsfolk, we headed for the guild.
Because of Aqua, our speed was slow despite the horse helping to drag the cage.
But aside from the psychological trauma, there was no damage worth mentioning.
Although I wanted to try out my equipment and spells, it was still great to finish the quest leisurely.
Completing the quest without any issues was great…
Maybe it was because I raised a flag with my thoughts that…
“G-Goddess-sama! Isn’t this goddess-sama? What are you doing in such a place?”
A man suddenly shouted, rushed to the cage and grabbed the bars.
And amazingly, the bars that held up to the bites of the brutal alligators were easily bent by the guy who offered a hand to Aqua.
Ignoring Megumin and me who were dumbstruck, the unknown man reached for the speechless Aqua…
“… Hey, don’t act familiar with my companion. Who are you? If she knew you, why is Aqua not reacting at all?”
As the man was about to take Aqua’s hand, Darkness stopped him.
Unlike her envious eyes when she saw Aqua surrounded by brutal alligators, Darkness was now a shield protecting her comrades; a proud Crusader.
… It would be great if she always acted this way…
The man glanced at Darkness, sighed and shook his head.
His demeanor seemed to be saying he didn’t want to create trouble but he had no choice.
The man’s attitude clearly pissed off Darkness who didn’t normally show her emotions openly.
As the tension rose, I went to Aqua who still refused to leave the cage despite the situation and whispered:
“… Hey, it’s someone you know, right? He called you goddess-sama just now. Go and handle that man.”
After hearing what I said, Aqua made a ‘what are you talking about?’ face and…
“… Ah! Goddess! That’s right, I’m a goddess. And? What problems do you want this goddess to settle? You guys are really helpless!”
Aqua finally came out of the cage.
Did this girl really forget about being a goddess?
After exiting the cage, Aqua tilted her head at the man.
“… Who are you?”
She didn’t know him.
… No, she probably did.
Because the man opened his eyes wide in surprise.
Aqua probably just forgot about him.
“Why are you saying this goddess-sama! It’s me Mitsurugi Kyouya! I received the magic sword, Gram, from you!”
“…?”
Aqua still tilted her head, but I finally got it.
His name might’ve sounded like the protagonist of an anime or manga… But since it was a Japanese name, he must’ve gotten a powerful weapon from Aqua and came here before me.
That brown haired man seemed to be the cool type with a strong sense of justice.
He was wearing expensive looking armour that had a bright blue sheen. On his waist was a sword in a black scabbard.
Behind him were a beauty with a long spear that seemed to be the warrior type, and a pretty girl wearing leather armor with a dagger on her waist.
This fellow claiming to be Mitsurugi was about my age.
To describe this man in one sentence…
He looked like the main character of a manga.
“Ah! Yes, there was such a person! Sorry, I totally forgot about you. I sent a lot of people here, so it can’t be helped if I forgot!”
After an explanation from Mitsurugi and I, Aqua finally remembered.
His face was a bit awkward, but Mitsurugi still smiled at Aqua and said:
“Eh, it’s been a while, Aqua-sama. As your chosen hero, I’ve been working hard every day. My job is Sword Master. I’m already at level 37… Oh right, what is Aqua-sama doing here? Or rather, why were you locked in a cage?”
Mitsurugi said as he stole glances at me.
When Aqua sent him to this world, she made up something irresponsible about him being a hero chosen by the gods.
She didn’t remember this person existed, which showed how irresponsible her words to Mitsurugi were.
So, in Mitsurugi’s eyes, was I the one locking Aqua in the cage?
… Well, normal people would think so.
Even if I were to tell him that she was the one who didn’t want to come out, this guy wouldn’t believe me.
Even I, who saw it with my own eyes, wouldn’t believe there was such a weird goddess.
I told Mitsurugi what happened to Aqua and me after being transported to this world…
“… Preposterous, this is too illogical! What were you thinking, bringing goddess-sama to this world? And you locked her in a cage and threw her in the lake for this quest?”
Mitsurugi grabbed my collar in righteous fury.
Aqua restrained him in a hurry.
“You, what are you doing? This is nothing. I’m living every day happily, and am not angry about being brought to this world! And I can go back after defeating the Demon King! Today’s quest was a bit scary, but it was resolved smoothly. No one was hurt and the reward is 300,000. 300,000! And everyone said they would let me take all of it!”
Mitsurugi looked at Aqua with pitiful eyes after hearing what she said.
“… Aqua-sama… I don’t how this man talked you into this, but you’re being treated too illogically. After such a sacrifice, you only earned 300,000…? You are a goddess! For a goddess to be treated this way… By the way, where do you stay at night?”
I felt like telling Mitsurugi to stop saying ‘goddess’ by the side of the road but he seemed to be on the verge of losing it, so I decided against it.
This guy was really rude.
He didn’t understand Aqua at all.
Hearing Mitsurugi say that, Aqua was a bit frightened and answered timidly:
“With everybody, in the stables…”
“Huh?”
Mitsurugi grabbed my collar with more force.
Hey, that hurts!
Darkness grabbed Mitsurugi’s hand at this moment.
“Hey, watch yourself. You’ve been unreasonable all this while. This must be the first time you’ve met Kazuma, so there should be a limit to how rude you can be.”
Darkness, who was usually quiet when she wasn’t spouting nonsense, had gotten angry.
On a closer look, Megumin had picked up her upgraded staff and seemed to be chanting explosion magic… Wait, stop!
Mitsurugi let go of my hand and excitedly observed Darkness and Megumin.
“… Crusader and an Archwizard? And… They look rather good too. Seems that you had great luck in finding companions, but that doesn’t make sense. Don’t you feel ashamed in letting Aqua and these two excellent members sleep in the stables? You mentioned your job was the weakest Adventurer, right?”
From the way this guy described it, my situation seemed great.
From the people who didn’t know us, I seemed so lucky.
I whispered to Aqua:
“Hey, isn’t staying in the stables the norm for adventurers in this world? Why is this guy so mad?”
“Well, I think he was granted a powerful sword when he was transported to this world, and completed a bunch of high-difficulty quests from the beginning. He probably had no worries about money… But that’s the usual case for people with special abilities or equipment.”
A flame of anger burned in my heart after I listened to Aqua’s answer.
The guy who didn’t undergo any hardship because of a powerful sword gifted to him… Why was he acting so high and mighty to me who had to work hard from the very start?
He didn’t realize my seething anger and said to Aqua, Darkness and Megumin with a sympathetic smile:
“It must have been hard on you all so far. Please join me from now on. Of course, I won’t let you all sleep in the stables, and will buy the full set of premium equipment for you. The balance of the team is great. Me as a Swordmaster, my Warrior comrade and you as a Crusader: along with my Thief comrade, this Archwizard and Aqua-sama. What a perfect combination, it’s a match made in heaven.”
Ara, it didn’t include me.
Well, I didn’t want to join this guy’s party anyway.
After hearing Mitsurugi’s proposal, my three companions started talking among themselves.
Mitsurugi might’ve been a self-centered hero, but the terms he offered weren’t bad.
And compared to acting alongside me, going with Mitsurugi offered an easier route for Aqua to take down the Demon King.
The Demon King needed to be defeated before Aqua could return to heaven.
Although I only thought of her as a complimentary gift for moving to this world, the heavens would probably allow for her to return if she finished the job of defeating the Demon King with another hero.
I thought Aqua and the others would be moved with such excellent terms, so I strained my ears behind them to listen. In the end…
“It feels wrong. The self righteous way in which he talks made me cringe.  And his narcissistic tendencies frighten me.”
“What should we do? I feel physically repulsed by this man for some reason. I prefer active people over passive ones, but somehow that guy makes me want to beat him up.”
“Can I cast my magic? Can I throw an explosion spell into the face of that elite who’s talking down to us without ever experiencing a day of hardship?”
Oh, seems like they don’t think that highly of you, Mitsurugi-san.
After that, Aqua tugged at my sleeve and said:
“Hey Kazuma, let’s hurry to the guild, okay? I might’ve been the one who gave him the powerful sword, but I think it would be better not to get too close with such people.”
To be honest, his actions were infuriating… But it would be for the best to leave as Aqua suggested.
“Well– My companions don’t seem keen to join your party. We still need to report the completion of the quest, so we’ll take our leave…”
After saying that, I led the horse dragging the cage and prepared to leave.
……
“… please move out of the way.”
I said in an annoyed tone to Mitsurugi,  who blocked my path.
What should I do, he is the type that doesn’t listen to others.
“Pardon me, but Aqua-sama is the one who bestowed this sword to me. And seeing my benefactor who granted me power fall to such a state, I can’t simply ignore it. You can’t save the world, the one to defeat the Demon King will be me. It would be better for Aqua-sama to follow me… You said you chose Aqua as the item to be brought along to this world with you, right?”
“… Yes.”
Going by the cliché developments of a manga, I could predict what would happen next.
This guy will most certainly…!
“If that’s the case, then how about making a bet? You chose Aqua-sama as the ‘thing’ to be brought along with you, right? If I win, you must give Aqua-sama to me; If you win, I can promise you one thing, anything.”
“Okay, I accept! Take this!”
Just as I predicted.
I was almost at my limits, and attacked without saying anything more.
I moved my left hand out of the way and used my right to swing my sheathed sword at him immediately.
Fortune favours the bold, there was nothing unscrupulous about it!
If anything, a high-level sword master with a powerful sword challenging a novice adventurer with weak gear was the unscrupulous one!
Mitsurugi didn’t expect for me to attack the moment I answered him.
“Eh? Wait! Hold…!”
Mitsurugi seemed to be in a panic, but as expected of a high-level adventurer…
… He drew his sword and braced it horizontally to fend off mine.
As the sword in my right hand was about to hit Mitsurugi’s sword, I reached out my left hand…!
“Steal–!”
The moment I yelled, I felt the weight of a sword in my left hand.
Oh, I hit the jackpot!
The sword Mitsurugi was planning to block my blow with disappeared from his hands.
“Huh?”
I wondered who uttered such foolish sounds.
Probably everyone present, except for me.
With my skill working together with my attack, Mitsurugi couldn’t do anything except receive a hard blow to the head from me.
“Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag–!”
“How dirty! You’re the worst, scumbag! Can’t you fight honorably?”
Mitsurugi’s two female companions lectured me.
It was music to my ears.
Although it was with the scabbard, Mitsurugi was still hit by a rather heavy sword on the head and laid on the ground with the white of his eyes showing. It was comical.
I announced to the two followers who were protesting:
“No matter what, I won. This guy said he would promise me anything if he lost, right? Then I’ll be taking this sword.”
After hearing what I said, one of the followers became agitated.
“What!? What absurd thing are you saying!? Only Kyouya can use that magic sword. That sword chooses its owner, and it chose Kyouya as its master! The blessing of the sword won’t work on you!”
After listening to the girl’s confident words, I turned toward Aqua.
“… Is that true? I can’t use the spoils of war? I was thinking that I had finally gotten a strong piece of equipment.”
“It’s true. Regrettably, the sword Gram is the exclusive weapon of that unpleasant guy. It bestows one with arm strength beyond the human limits when equipped, and the sword is a sharp weapon that can cut through steel like a vegetable. But in Kazuma’s hands, this would just be a normal sword.”
So, there was such a thing…
But since I got something great, I should take it with me.
“I’ll be on my way then. Tell that guy when he wakes up that he was the one who wanted the duel, so no complaints… All right, let’s go to the guild for the bounty, Aqua.”
After finishing, I turned to leave. Mitsurugi’s female companions raised their weapons against me.
“Y-You, hold it right there!”
“Give Kyouya’s sword back! We won’t acknowledge your win!”
And so, I lifted my hand and wriggled my fingers before the two ladies.
“It’s fine if you want to bring it on… But I’m a believer in gender equality, a man who dares to use drop kicks against girls. Don’t think I’ll hold back against you two! I should say that since you are girls, I might humiliate you in public with Steal.”
The two girls looked at my hand and backed off with an uneasy face.
“Ugwahh…”
My companions looked at me with scornful eyes which pricked me.
Dragging the borrowed cage with us, we finally made it back to the guild.
Since we decided all of the reward would go to Aqua, I left the task of reporting the completion of the quest to Aqua and the others while I returned the borrowed horse. I took my spoils–that magic sword–to a certain place and reached the adventurer’s guild a bit later than the others.
… But…
“W-Why–!?”
Aqua’s loud voice could be heard from inside the guild.
Does this girl not feel at ease without creating a commotion everywhere she goes?
I entered the guild and saw Aqua grabbing a staff member of the guild with tearful eyes.
“Didn’t I tell you, the cage I borrowed from you wasn’t damaged by me! It was that Mitsurugi guy who bent the bars! Why do I have to pay for it!?”
I see, so that guy did bend the bars in attempt to save Aqua without getting the full story.
And Aqua had to compensate for the broken cage.
Aqua insisted for a moment, but she finally gave up, taking the reward and coming to our tables with heavy footsteps.
“… The bounty this time, after deducting the compensation for the broken cage, was only 100,000 eris… The staff said that the cage was made from a special process and material, so it cost 200,000…”
Seeing how dejected Aqua was, even I felt a little sorry for her.
Meeting Mitsurugi was an unexpected disaster for Aqua.
“Next time I meet that man, I’ll definitely give him a God Blow! And get him to cough up the compensation for the cage!”
Aqua said through gritted teeth, tightly holding the menu as she sat down.
As for me, I didn’t want to ever see him again.
…  As Aqua was grumbling grudgingly.
“So that’s where you are! I had a hard time finding you, Satou Kazuma!”
Speak of the devil, Mitsurugi showed up with his two female underlings at the entrance of the guild.
Shouting my full name which I never told him, Mitsurugi rushed to our table and slammed both hands down.
“Satou Kazuma! I asked a female thief about you and she told me everything immediately. She said you like to strip woman of their panties. Other than that, your interest is to cover girls in slime. Lots of people are talking about you, devilish Kazuma.”
“Hold on, who’s the one spreading this? Tell me properly.”
I knew who the thief was, but the problem was the other parts.
Spreading such rumors from somewhere and adding the title ‘devilish’ before my name…!
As Mitsurugi closed in on me with a serious face, Aqua stepped before him.
“… Aqua-sama. I swear to you, after I get my sword back from that man, I will defeat the Demon King. So please join me and form a party- Puah…!”
“Ah! Kyouya!”
After being punched by Aqua, Mitsurugi flew out.
Mitsurugi’s two female companions rushed to the fallen Mitsurugi.
Mitsurugi showed a baffled face, not understanding why he was hit. Aqua took large steps toward him, grabbed his collar and said:
“Compensate me for the cage you destroyed! It’s all your fault that I had to pay for that cage! Because that cage was made through a special process and material, it cost me 300,000, okay! 300,000! You hear me, pay up!”
Didn’t you say the cage cost 200,000 just now?
Mitsurugi, who hadn’t even stood up after being sent flying by Aqua’s punch, dumbly forked out the cash.
After getting the money from Mitsurugi, the satisfied Aqua picked up the menu once again.
Mitsurugi composed himself, watching Aqua happily calling for the waitress with a menu in hand as he said to me begrudgingly:
“… Even though I was defeated in that way, it was still my loss. Although it is shameless and selfish of me to say this after promising to do anything you wish… I beg of you! May you return the sword to me? That sword wouldn’t be of much use to you, it’s just sharper than normal swords if you wield it. That’s the most you can get out of the sword… How about this? If you want a sword, I can buy the best one in any shop and give it to you… May you please return it to me?”
He said it himself that it was a selfish request.
No matter how useless, Aqua was still the gift I was bestowed with when I came to this world… Something I should get when I made up my mind to come to this world.
In other words, the thing I gambled was of equal worth with Mitsurugi’s sword.
But if you asked me whether Aqua’s worth was equivalent to the magic sword, I could only refuse to answer.
“Using me as a prize without my permission, and asking for your sword back by offering to buy a good one in exchange… There’s no way this deal would work! Or do you think my worth is equal to the most expensive sword in a shop? Insolent fool! I’m a goddess! A goddess! To use me as a betting chip, what the hell are you thinking? I don’t want to ever see your face again, shoo. Hurry up, scram!”
Aqua held the menu in one hand while waving the other, gesturing for Mitsurugi to leave as she said it out loud, which made Mitsurugi turn pale.
Well, nobody asked him to court trouble, so he only really had himself to blame. After everything he did, of course Aqua would get angry.
“Please! Please wait, Aqua-sama! I’m not looking down on your value…”
As Mitsurugi started explaining, Megumin tugged on his sleeve.
“…? What is it little girl…? Hmm?”
After getting Mitsurugi’s attention, Megumin pointed at me.
To be precise, she was pointing at my waist.
“… Just a heads up, the sword is no longer with this man.”
“!”
Mitsurugi noticed after hearing Megumin say that…
“S-Satou Kazuma! Where is the sword? You, where did you take my sword to?”
He was breaking out in cold sweat as he pressed me for an answer.
I replied in three words.
“I sold it.”
“Damn you–!”
Mitsurugi rushed out of the guild in tears.
“… What’s with that guy… Speaking of which, he had been addressing Aqua as a goddess all this while, what’s up with that?”
After Mitsurugi left the guild.
That commotion drew the curious eyes of many adventurers. Under these circumstances, Darkness asked.
… Right, the word goddess was mentioned so many times. It was normal for her to ask.
No, should I use this chance to tell both Megumin and Darkness?
I looked at Aqua who had a face saying that she knew what I wanted to say as she nodded.
Aqua then faced Darkness and Megumin with a rare serious expression.
Darkness and Megumin also noticed that Aqua felt different, and were listening carefully to her…
“I’ve never told you this before, but very well… I’m Aqua, the patron goddess of the Axis Cult, goddess of water… That’s right, I’m that Goddess Aqua…!”
“… So, that’s the backstory you’re going by?”
“That’s wrong! And why did both of you say the same thing!?”
… So, it turned out this way…
At this moment.
“Emergency broadcast! Emergency broadcast! Attention all adventurers, please prepare all your equipment and gather at the town’s main gate ready for battle–!”
The familiar emergency public announcement resonated throughout the guild.
“Again…? There are so many of these ‘emergency summons’ recently.”
Could I not go?
I knew I probably couldn’t, but after that incident with Mitsurugi, I felt so lazy…
As I rested my face lazily on the table.
“Emergency broadcast! Emergency broadcast! Attention all adventurers, please prepare all your equipment and gather at the town’s main gate ready for battle–! Especially Satou Kazuma-san and his companions, please head to the scene as soon as possible!”
“… Huh?”
What did the broadcast just say?
I rushed to the main gate.
The lightly-armored me led the way, with Aqua and Megumin following shortly after. Only the heavily-armored Darkness was lagging behind.
“Oh, just as I suspected. This guy’s here again.”
There were already many adventurers gathered by the time I reached the main gate.
And that guy was there again, standing quite some distance away from the crowd of adventurers. Though, it’s more like the adventurers were keeping a respectable distance from him.
Indeed. It was that Demon King’s General, Dullahan.
I was a bit curious when I saw the troubled faces of the adventurers preceding me, but I understood why when I looked at what was behind the Dullahan.
Unlike the last time, he brought a whole army of monsters with him.
It was a group of knights wearing tattered armour.
They seemed emaciated, and the cracks in their armour and helmets were visible if you looked closely. If you look too closely, you might even catch a glimpse of the rotting flesh underneath.
With just a glance, it was clear that the armoured knights were undead.
After seeing Megumin and me, it roared.
“Why didn’t you come to the castle, you inhuman–!”
I walked in front of Megumin to protect her and asked the Dullahan,
“Well… You invited us to the castle, but that doesn’t mean we must go. And what do you mean by ‘inhuman’? We stopped casting explosion magic, so why are you angry?”
The Dullahan was furious when he heard me, and was on the verge of throwing the thing in his left hand onto the ground… But he remembered that that was his head, and instead shifted it to his abdomen:
“Stopped casting explosion?! You say it stopped?! Stop lying to me! That crazy Crimson Demon girl is still visiting every day!”
“Huh?”
After hearing that, I turned to look at Megumin.
She averted her eyes immediately.
“… Did you do this? I told you not to, but you still went?”
“Ow! Ow! Ow! It hurts! Stop! No, listen to me, Kazuma! I was satisfied with casting explosion on an empty plain not so long ago… But after I knew the charm of attacking a castle with magic, my body changed and I could only accept big and hard things…!”
“Don’t fidget around while saying that! And you can’t move after casting your spell, so that means you have an accomplice! Who in the world…”
I pinched Megumin cheeks while saying so, and it was Aqua’s turn to avert her gaze this time.
……
“It’s you, right–!?”
“Wahahaha–! That dullahan was the reason we can’t get any good quests, so I wanted to vent some of my frustration! I was lectured by the store owner every day because of him!”
You were lectured because you didn’t take your work seriously.
As I grabbed the collar of Aqua who attempted to escape, the Dullahan continued:
“I’m not furious because of the explosion magic! Don’t you all have the will to save your comrade? I might be this way now, but before I was executed because of unjust reasons and morphed into a monster, I was an honourable knight. Where I stand, that Crusader who was cursed while protecting her companions was the classic model of a knight, but you abandoned her…!”
Just as he said that,
Darkness who lagged behind because of her armour quietly made her way to my side.
The Dullahan locked eyes with Darkness, who was blushing because of the compliments.
“… Err, hey…”
Darkness looked a bit guilty, timidly lifting a hand to the Dullahan in greeting…
“… What, what’s up with this–!?”
Seeing her, the Dullahan yelled in surprise.
I couldn’t see his face behind the helmet, but he must have had quite a shocked expression.
“It’s been a week since Darkness was cursed but she’s still alive. He must be really shocked, right, right? That Dullahan must have thought that we would head to the castle to break the curse and was waiting for us in vain, huh? He didn’t even know I broke the curse in no time after he left, right? Puhehe! This is hilarious! Super~ funny!”
Aqua pointed her finger at the Dullahan and laughed nonstop.
I still couldn’t see his face, but judging from the way his shoulders were shaking, he must be quite furious indeed.
But since Aqua broke the curse, we had no reason to visit the dangerous castle.
“… Hey, you there! If I get serious, I could kill every single person in this town! Don’t think I’ll keep letting you off! As an undead, I won’t ever tire! You bunch of rookies won’t be able to even scratch me!”
Aqua’s taunt pushed the Dullahan’s patience to his limit.  He seemed to be quite serious.
But before the Dullahan could do anything else, Aqua extended her right hand and shouted:
“I’m the one who has no reason to let you off! I won’t let you escape this time! How arrogant for a mere undead to act in this manner! Disappear, Turn Undead!”
A bright, white light emerged from Aqua’s outstretched hand.
Even though he saw Aqua casting a spell, the Dullahan didn’t flinch.
As expected of a Demon King’s General, it seemed like he was confident.
The gentle light which came out of Aqua closed in on the Dullahan…!
“You think a Demon King’s General wouldn’t be prepared to fight priests? Too bad. Including me, all the undead knights in this band have received the protection of the Demon King. We have a very high resistance against holy spells- Ahhhhhh–!”
After getting blasted by the magic, black smoke started emerging from the Dullahan.
The Dullahan that was so confident was smoking all over. He was shaking and couldn’t even stand properly, but he still put on a strong facade.
Aqua shouted when she saw this:
“Hey, hey Kazuma! This is strange, it’s not working!”
No, it looked pretty effective to me, he was screaming ‘Ahhh–’ so loudly…
The Dullahan took unsteady steps and said:
“Hmph… Wait for me to finish! I am Beldia, a Demon King’s General, Dullahan Beldia! With this armour that was enchanted by the Demon King and my own powers, Turn Undead from a normal priest won’t work on me!… It shouldn’t work at all…”
As he spoke, the Dullahan shifted the head in his hand so it was slanting to one side.
He was probably trying to tilt his head.
“… Never mind. Because our diviner was raging on about a strong light descending near this town, I came here to investigate… In the beginning, I thought it was too much of a hassle and considered destroying the entire town…”
Beldia, who was starting to get as unreasonable as Goa, held his head with his left hand and pointed his empty right hand towards us.
<TL note Goa: A character from the manga series, Doraemon™.>
“Hmph, you’re not worthy enough for me to do it in person… Go, my brothers! Let them know what hell tastes like!”
“Ah! That guy was scared because Aqua’s spell was unexpectedly effective! He’s planning to use his minions to attack us while he escapes by himself!”
“T-That, that’s not it! This was my plan from the very beginning! A Demon King’s General is not a weakling who escapes on his own! You wouldn’t fight the boss at the very start. Of course, you would need to defeat the underlings first, that’s the tradition since ancient times-”
“Sacred Turn Undead–!”
“Yahhh–!”
Beldia was interrupted by Aqua’s spell.
A white magic circle appeared at Beldia’s feet and shot a light straight to the heavens.
Beldia’s armour was fuming black smog, and he rolled on the ground as if he was attempting to put out his fire.
Aqua said in a panic:
“W-What should we do, Kazuma!? This is strange! My spell isn’t working at all.”
Looking at the way he was screaming his head off, I thought it was effective.
No, Turn Undead should’ve been able to destroy him in one shot.
But…
“Damn, damn you…! Let someone who’s talking finish! Enough! Hey, my brethren…!”
Even though smog was coming from all over his body, Beldia stood up slowly and lifted his right hand…
“All the people in this town… Kill them all!”
He cut his right hand down as the cue!
Undead Knights.
A monster one tier higher than zombies.
Even though they wore tattered armour…
… With their defensive gear, it was a threat to novice adventurers.
“Wahhh–! Priests! Get the priests here–!”
“Someone go to the Eris church for holy water, get all that you can–!”
As the adventurers shouted nervously, the undead knights invaded the town.
The adventurers tried to intercept them.
But as if to mock their efforts, Beldia laughed loudly…!
“Hmph, hahaha! Come, let me hear your screams… Of… Despair…?”
… As he was laughing,
“Wah, wahhh–! Why just me? I-I’m a goddess! A goddess, so I always do good deeds!”
“Ahhh! How, how sly! I’m the one who always does good deeds, so why are all the undead knights running over to Aqua…!”
Aqua said something un-goddess-like, while Darkness said something that was hard to comment on with an envious face.
For some reason, the undead knights didn’t lay their hands on the townsfolk and were instead enthusiastically chasing after Aqua.
“You, what are you all doing!? Don’t just chase that priestess, cover this town with the blood of the residents…!”
Beldia shouted in panic when he saw the situation.
I wondered if these mindless low-tier undead were seeking salvation, and gathered at the side of the goddess Aqua because of their instincts.
Although I didn’t know why the undead were chasing after Aqua, this was a great chance!
“Hey Megumin, could you cast an explosion spell on that bunch of undead knights?”
“Eh!? This is inside the town and they’re too dispersed, I might miss some of them…!”
At this moment, “Wahhh, Kazuma-san–! Kazuma-san–!”
Aqua brought a large crowd of undead knights with her and came toward my direction.
Hey…!
“You fool! Hey, don’t come this way! Lure them somewhere else and I’ll treat you to dinner tonight!”
“I’ll pay for dinner, just help me get rid of these undead! They’re weird! I couldn’t purify them with Turn Undead!”
Damn it! Was this the protection of the Demon King that Beldia mentioned…!
No, wait. Wait a minute…
“Megumin, wait outside the town and standby with your spell–!”
“Huh? Got… Got it!”
After shouting to Megumin, I brought Aqua who rushed to me and charged out of town.
I intentionally passed by the adventurers that were battling the undead knights, getting as many undead knights to follow Aqua as possible…
After that…!
“Kazuma-san! How does it look behind me!? I think we got all the undead knights in town to follow us–!”
I turned back and the undead knights chasing Aqua had turned into a large crowd.
Aqua and I left the town and the undead knights followed. At this moment…
“Megumin, do it now–!”
Under my command, Megumin took off her eyepatch, raising her staff with her eyes shining.
“What a wonderful situation! I’m grateful, thank you Kazuma…! I’m Megumin! The elite mage of the Crimson Demons, wielder of explosion magic! Demon King’s General, Beldia! Behold my power! Explosion–!”
Megumin cast the explosion spell she was so proud of and ignited it in the centre of the undead army!
The Explosion created a crater right before the main gate, blowing all the undead knights away.
Everyone was silent because of the power of the spell.
“Hmm… Everyone’s lost for words after witnessing the power of my explosion… Fuahh… Including the one narrating this speech, all this… Feels so good…”
Megumin could be heard saying proudly.
“… Want me to give you a piggyback?”
“Ah, thank you. I can’t move because I’m too pleased with the spell. Can you help me put my eyepatch back?”
Megumin who exhausted her mana was face down a short distance away from me.
I lifted Megumin up, put on her eyepatch and carried her on my back.
“My mouth is full of sand…”
Aqua, who had been the closest to the undead knights, spat the sand out of her mouth as she walked toward me.
It seemed that the explosion spell made her trip and fall.
The dust from the explosion had not yet settled when all the adventurers in town cheered.
“Woah! That’s awesome, girl with a screw loose!”
“The Crimson Demon girl with a screw loose took all of them out!”
“So aside from your weird name and loose screw, you’re great when it’s time to perform. I’m impressed!”
Megumin wriggled on my back when she heard the cheers coming from town.
“Sorry, I want to cast an explosion on those people. Please bring me over there.”
“You’ve used all your mana. You did great today, be confident and have a good rest… Thank you for your hard work.”
Hearing me say that, Megumin hugged onto me with her heart at ease.
And of course, I felt something soft on my back…
Something… Soft…?
… She was pressing her chest onto my back, but I didn’t feel any sensation like that…
… Well, it was expected of a loli.
“Crimson Demons have high intelligence.”
Megumin suddenly said.
“… Want me to guess what Kazuma is thinking?”
“… I’m thinking that Megumin’s breasts are bigger than they look.”
It was obvious I didn’t mean it, which caused Megumin to attempt to strangle me.
At the town entrance, Beldia stared at us.
More accurately, he was staring at Megumin on my back.
Finally, Beldia’s shoulders started to tremble.
Was he angry that all his undead minions were wiped out?
… No.
“Fuhahaha! Interesting! That’s interesting! To think my minions would be wiped out in a novice town like this! All right, I’ll keep my promise!”
… Hey, hold up.
Hey, wait!
“I’ll personally handle you all!”
Beldia lifted his great sword and charged at us!
– Long before Beldia reached us.
Lots of armed adventurers surrounded Beldia at a distance to protect us, approaching him slowly.
When Beldia saw this situation, he held his head in one hand and his sword in the other and shrugged happily…
“… Oh–? The targets I prioritized should be those two over there… But… Hmph, if you all somehow manage to defeat me, you will get a hefty bounty… Come, novice adventurers dreaming of getting rich instantly. Charge at me at once!”
When they heard him talking about getting rich instantly, the adventurers who were closing in started discussing among themselves.
And then a man who looked like a warrior…
“Hey, no matter how strong he is, he doesn’t have eyes on his back! Surround him and attack!”
An adventurer on the flank of Beldia shouted.
He had raised an obvious death flag.
“Hey, the opponent is a Demon King’s General. How can such a simple tactic take him down!?”
I warned the male warrior who recited the script of a victim.
And to support them, I drew my sword…
… No, I had to think about it carefully. Even if a super low-level like me slashed at him, the results would be clear.
More importantly, I had to bring Megumin on my back to a safe place…
… Bring her to a safe place, and then what?
Megumin was out of mana.
Aqua’s spell can’t deal a fatal blow.
… How about telling everyone to run away?
As I was thinking about these things, the male warrior who had Beldia surrounded prepared to attack…!
“Just buy us more time! After hearing the emergency broadcast, the ace of this town will rush over! If that guy’s here, the Demon King’s General will be done for! Hey brothers, let’s go together! Aim for his blind spot! All at the same time!”
Facing the man who shouted this as he attacked, Beldia tossed his head high into the air with one hand.
… The ace of this town?
I didn’t know who he was referring to, but was there such a famed and capable adventurer in town?
As I was thinking about this, Beldia’s head was high in the sky and looking downward. I felt a chill when I saw this scene.
Not just me, the adventurers around me realized it too.
“Wait, stay back…”
I shouted, attempting to restrain the adventurers whose names I didn’t even know…
But Beldia seemed to have eyes on his back, dodging the attacks of all the adventurers.
“Huh?”
That was the sound the adventurers slashing at him uttered.
I wasn’t sure which adventurer it was.
Beldia dodged all the attacks easily, and wielded his greatsword in both hands…
In a blink of an eye, Beldia slashed at all the adventurers who attacked him.
The people who were alive moments ago were now dead.
Such illogical things made me realize the reality of this world.
It was the sound of the men falling limply onto the ground.
Beldia listened to these sounds with satisfaction and raised a hand into the air.
His head landed safely into his palm.
Beldia didn’t think much about these series of actions and said leisurely:
“Who’s next?”
All the adventurers on-scene were intimidated by these words.
One girl said in a high pitch:
“Trash, trash like you…! Trash like you will be done in with just a slash from Mitsurugi!”
… Huh?
My mind kept working.
The Mitsurugi she mentioned was the one whose sword was taken by me and sold…
“That’s right, just hold on a bit longer! When that magic sword guy comes, he’ll definitely take on the Demon King’s General…”
“You’re Beldia, right? Let me tell you, there’s a powerful and high-level guy in this town!”
… Shit, oh shit!
I looked at Aqua with a pale face, but Aqua was already gone from that spot.
Other than Mitsurugi, Aqua was the only one with the ability to be an ace. She didn’t even look at Beldia, however, as she ran to the side of the killed adventurers, doing something as she stayed close to their corpses.
Maybe it was her obligation as a goddess to send the dead on their way.
After seeing the adventurers in solid armour dying in one blow, nobody wanted to stand before Beldia and oppose him…
“… Oh? So, you’re my next opponent?”
Beldia held his head in his left hand and his greatsword in his right.
He looked at Darkness standing before him, protecting Megumin and me. Seems like his interest was caught by it, and he moved his head closer to Darkness.
Darkness took a combat stance, shielding the two of us behind her. She didn’t look like a pervert anymore, but a dependable Crusader.
After witnessing Aqua and Megumin’s strength, Beldia probably thought Darkness was powerful in her own way too.
Beldia maintained his posture against Darkness, keeping on guard without moving.
Darkness’s sturdy white armour glittered under the sun, in contrast to Beldia’s black armour.
The adventurers who attacked Beldia were all wearing armour too.
But this General still slaughtered them despite their armour.
Darkness was always boasting that she was tougher than anyone. I didn’t know if she could withstand Beldia’s attacks.
As I was wondering if I should stop Darkness, she noticed my concern and announced confidently:
“Don’t worry Kazuma. In terms of toughness, I won’t lose to anyone. And I can use my skills on my weapon and armour too. Beldia’s sword might be powerful, but do you really think it can cut through steel armour like paper? From how the adventurers were killed, Beldia probably possesses powerful attack skills. I want to find out how my defense does against them!”
Darkness was aggressive today.
But even if you were to defend successfully, your attacks still wouldn’t hit, right?
“Don’t do it! Beldia not only hits hard, he’s great at dodging too! All the adventurers attacking at the same time couldn’t hit him, so there’s no way you could with how clumsy you are.”
Even after hearing what I said, Darkness remained in place to oppose Beldia.
“… As a Crusader… As someone with the job of a guardian, there is something that I will not back off from. Let me protect you two.”
Although I didn’t know why, Darkness seemed to have a reason why she didn’t want to retreat.
I was speechless for a moment. Darkness maintained her postures and charged at Beldia!
“Oh! You’re taking the initiative? As a Dullahan, it’s only expected that I should come to blows with a Crusader. All right, bring it on!”
Beldia prepared to face the attack.
Seeing Darkness holding her sword with both hands, Beldia didn’t go to block it, instead choosing to lower his stance, preparing to dodge.
With Beldia in front of her, Darkness used all her might and swung her sword…!
… And because she misjudged the distance, the attack landed a few centimeters before Beldia’s feet.
“… Huh?”
Beldia lamented like a deflated balloon.
He stared at Darkness blankly, and all the other adventurers followed suit.
… Oh, come on, how could you miss an opponent that isn’t even moving? How embarrassing!
And this was my companion!
I heard that a novice swinging a sword recklessly could cut their own feet. But no matter what, this was too…
Darkness seemed to think that missing her attack was normal and took a step forward and used a horizontal cut.
She was probably embarrassed to have missed that badly after putting on such a cool front, so her face was a bit red.
It seemed like this attack would be on target, but Beldia lowered his stance and dodged nimbly.
“Seems like I expected too much. Enough… Well then…”
Beldia seemed to think his opponent was too boring, raising his sword and casually slashing diagonally down at Darkness.
“All right, next is… Huh?”
Beldia had the confidence to kill with one strike.
But his sword only left a large scratch on the surface of Darkness’s armour with a loud screech.
Darkness pulled away from Beldia temporarily.
“Ahhh! I just got my armour from the shop!”
Darkness looked at the scratch on her armour sadly and glared at Beldia.
Although her foe left a deep scratch on Darkness’s armour, her body wasn’t hurt.
Which meant…
“You, what is it with you…? Why aren’t you hurt after being hit by me…? Is that armour made by a famous artisan? No… It’s not possible even with that… That Archpriest and that Archwizard that loves explosions too, who the hell are you people…?!”
Using the chance when Beldia was mumbling about something, I joined the other adventurers.
After entrusting Megumin to another adventurer, I said:
“Darkness! You can withstand that guy’s attack! Leave the attacking to me, I’ll support you!”
Hearing what I said, Darkness focused her eyes on Beldia and nodded.
“I leave it to you! But please create a chance for me to hit him once, all right?!”
I answered, ‘Got it!’ loudly in reply, and shouted to the other adventurers:
“Mages–!”
After hearing my yell, the mages remembered their jobs and started chanting spells. The other adventurers also acted, looking for things they could do.
This was our fight against the Demon King’s General.
The enemy dared to boldly walk into our town, so we had no reason to let him return safely.
Beldia stuck his sword into the ground to free up his right hand, pointing at the mages who were chanting.
“All of you will in one weeks’ time–! Will die in the streets–!”
Beldia cursed all the mages chanting spells with premonitions of death.
The mages who were cursed lost their nerve and stopped chanting.
The other mages who were planning to join in stiffened their faces after seeing their compatriots get hit with a premonition of death, not daring to cast their spells.
Damn Dullahan, using such detestable methods!
“All right, I’ll attack seriously this time!”
As he shouted, Beldia threw his head high up into the sky.
… Could we get an archer to shoot that head down?
As I was thinking about that, Beldia held his great sword in both hands and attacked Darkness!
The head in the sky was facing the ground like before.
He was probably overlooking the entire battlefield with that head in the air.
If Beldia used this, he would have no blind spot, and could easily see where his opponent planned to dodge.
“Ka-Kazuma! Darkness, she’s…!”
I heard Megumin screaming behind me.
Almost all the adventurers in town were gathered here.
The people whose faces I knew.
That guy who told me the weak point of a monster.
The girl who pulled her bow fully but was afraid of hitting Darkness was the one who told me about the beverage called Neroid.
The old man holding a long spear who was attempting to flank behind Beldia once chastised me for not drinking beer.
If Darkness fell and Beldia willed it, everyone present would be killed.
Darkness probably understood this, and switched the grip on her sword with the broad side facing forward, using it as a shield without taking a single step back.
She seemed to be saying, ‘Except for my head, you’re free to attack any way you like’.
“Oh, how straightforward! Okay, how about this?”
Beldia raised his great sword steadily with both hands, and repeatedly slashed at Darkness. His speed is far greater than anything a human is capable of.
One, two, three, four strikes…!
The slashes hitting Darkness exceeded double digits in no time, with every blow making the armour screech and scarring it.
In the face of such attacks, it wouldn’t be a surprise for normal adventurers to be cut into pieces. But Darkness remained unmoved, blocking every blow.
A few strands of Darkness’s long blond hair were cut after encountering the blade and scattered into the air.
Beldia stopped his fierce consecutive attacks for a moment and caught his falling head with one hand. He switched back to holding the sword with one hand while seemingly impressed with Darkness’s tenacity.
Seeing how Darkness endured all these hits, those mages…
The people whose faces turned pale and couldn’t move…
Steeled their resolved and started chanting.
… At this moment, something warm sprayed onto my face.
I wiped with the back of my hand and found out it was…
“Hey, Darkness you’re hurt! Enough, come back! All the adventurers will scatter and come up with a new plan!”
Looking closely, Darkness was bleeding from her face and the cracks in her armour.
I shouted at the injured Darkness, but she refused to back down.
“Crusaders will never retreat when protecting someone! I won’t ever compromise on that! Also!”
Speaking such cool lines, Darkness’s face blushed as she defended with all her might…!
“Also! This Dullahan is very skilled! He has been chipping my armour off slowly bit by bit…! He didn’t strip me naked directly, but left pieces of armour behind, making it more sexual than being naked. He wants to humiliate me in public…!”
“Huh?!”
Beldia stopped momentarily when he heard what Darkness said and backed off a little. I concentrated the mana in my hand as I scolded the true pervert who was showing her true nature at such a critical juncture.
“Look at the time and place, you unrepentant pervert!”
Darkness trembled for a moment when she heard me lecturing her.
“Ugh…! Ka-Kazuma, you should be the one watching the time and place! I’m at my limits as I’m being ravaged by the Dullahan in public, and Kazuma is humiliating me too…! What are you trying to do to me, ganging up on me with the Dullahan like that!?”
“Huh?!… Huh?!”
“No one wants to do anything to you, pervert! Create Water!”
I cast water magic that had the effect of being a retort at Darkness.
As I shouted, water appeared on top of Darkness and Beldia.
A large amount of water poured down on them like an overturned bucket.
Darkness was soaked entirely while Beldia leapt backward in a panic, avoiding the downpour of water.
…?
Why was Beldia so panicky…?
… The soaked face of Darkness turned red and spoke softly:
“… To use this skill so suddenly… You… You’re good, Kazuma. I don’t really dislike this. Although I’m fine with it, you should watch the time and place…”
“Wrong, this isn’t some weird sexual play! This is what I wanted to do! Freeze!”
I followed up by chanting basic magic that freezes water.
This was a spell that didn’t have much effect if used alone, but…
“!? Oh, freezing the ground around my feet to stop me from moving…! I see, you thought my strength would lay in dodging? But…!”
Beldia seemed to have something to say as he looked at the frozen ground, but I used the skill I really wanted to use before he finished.
… Indeed, it was the skill used against Mitsurugi, my strongest weapon right now!
“Stopping you from dodging will be enough! I’ll take your weapon from you! Take this, Steal–!”
The skill that gave you a chance to take an item from your opponent, Steal, was activated.
Skills and magic existed in this world.
Using them wouldn’t use your stamina, but a power everyone possessed known as mana.
That was what Aqua said.
In the past, many people could use magic, they had just forgotten how to use it.
The more mana you concentrated, the stronger the power of the skill or magic would be, and it would increase the chances of success.
After preventing him from evading, I used this at the best possible moment, my ultimate skill Steal…!
“… That wasn’t a bad idea. Unfortunately, I’m a Demon King’s General. Such is the difference between our levels. If our powers were a bit closer, it might’ve gotten dangerous for me.”
… It was ineffective against the Demon King’s General.
Beldia reached out his hand and pointed at me.
… I could only surrender, as expected of a high-level Demon King’s General. I couldn’t beat him with Steal…
… As Beldia was about to curse me.
“Don’t harm my comrade!”
Darkness, who was normally cool and collected, displayed her emotions at this rare moment. She shouted as she dropped the heavy sword that couldn’t hit the enemy, charging at Beldia with her shoulder.
But even with the ground frozen, Beldia evaded easily and gripped his sword calmly.
To charge at Beldia, Darkness abandoned her heavy sword.
That meant she didn’t have anything to defend against Beldia’s sword.
Before I realized it, I was shouting at the people around me.
“Thieves, hear me out–! The chances are low, but we’ll win if we snatch his sword! Everyone who can use Steal, come and help!”
There might’ve been someone who had a higher level and luck than me.
Stealthily, the thieves came near with their Lurk skills and showed themselves when they heard my call.
“Steal–!”
But the consecutive use of Steal didn’t have any effect.
Not considering us a threat, Beldia pointed his sword at the defenceless Darkness… And threw his head high into the sky.
“Ahhh!”
The adventurers screamed in terror when they saw his movement.
Because Beldia would use his two-handed sword swing after throwing his head up.
“… Ugh…!”
Darkness moaned when she saw this action.
Oh no, oh no, oh no!
What should I do?
I didn’t have any special power or hidden talent.
I had nothing to be proud of, or any skills that were useful in this situation.
I only possessed great luck which I was born with.
Other than that, I had knowledge of games accumulated since childhood.
I neglected all other things and immersed myself in games, and now I had to pay the price.
Coming to this alternate world happily and dying without accomplishing anything?
“Darkness! Kazuma, Darkness is in danger!”
Megumin shouted in despair.
Think! The foe was a Dullahan, what was its weakness in role-playing games?
If I had a strong point, it would be finding the attack style my opponent despised the most when PK’ing with other players in online games.
<TL Note Pking: A popular MMORPG term for player killing.>
Observe that guy in detail.
Why did he dodge the water I created with such an exaggerated movement?
……
… Flowing water?
Even the major undead-type monster, vampires, were afraid of flowing water.
So, what about that Dullahan?
“I had fun, Crusader! For me who was originally a knight to cross swords with you, I’m grateful to the Demon King and god of evil! All right, watch this…!”
“Create Water–!”
“!”
Beldia who was slashing at Darkness…
… Didn’t move forward, but stayed where he was.
In the end, he didn’t press the attack and caught his head as it dropped down.
“… Kazuma, um… I’m fighting seriously here…”
Darkness, even more soaked now, looked at me with reproachful eyes. Normally I should apologize, but I didn’t have the time right now.
I shouted:
“It’s water–!”
“Create Water! Create Water! Create Water–!”
“Hmph! Woah? That was close!”
With me in the lead, the mages all over the place started chanting spells.
Facing the water splashing down from above, Beldia managed to dodge all of it.
Damn, I knew this might’ve been his weakness, but the problem was the attack couldn’t hit!
The other mages were getting frustrated.
If this went on, everyone’s mana would be exhausted before we could take revenge on Beldia.
At that moment.
“Hey, why are you guys messing around? Why are you playing with water with the Demon King’s General? I’m working seriously, so how can you start having fun, Kazuma? Are you an idiot?”
What was it with this girl? I wanted to give her a slap.
As I was chanting the water spell with all my might, Aqua who went somewhere all this while was walking over slowly while spouting idiotic words.
“It’s water, water! This fellow’s weakness is water! And you’re a goddess of water, right!? Or are you just a phony goddess? Can’t you even summon water?”
“!? Don’t be rude, careful of my divine retribution! What is all this talk about being a phony? I’m a true goddess! Water?! You want to talk about water with me?! Your weak stream is nothing, I can even summon a flood! Apologize! For accusing me of being a phony goddess, apologize!”
As if you could!
No, wait, if you can then do it now!
“I’m fine with apologizing however much you want, just summon it if you can, you useless goddess!”
“Wah ahhh–! You dare say I’m a useless goddess!? Watch this, I’ll show you just how great I can be when I get serious!”
After bickering for a moment.
Aqua took a step forward because of what I said.
Mist emitted from her side…
… Huh?
“You small fries, your water is ineffective against…?”
Beldia caught the sight of Aqua and stopped moving.
Should I say, ‘as expected of a Demon King’s General’?
Aqua’s imminent actions made him sense danger…
… Or rather, even the people around who could use magic were looking at Aqua with uneasy eyes.
Aqua wasn’t bothered about the situation around her and mumbled:
“The familiars in this world…”
The mist around Aqua turned into droplets of water, floating around her.
I could feel powerful magic in each droplet.
“The goddess of water–Aqua–commands you…”
… I had a bad feeling about this.
The air around her trembled.
This is the same feeling I got when Megumin started chanting her Explosion.
This meant that the spell she was about to cast had the same level of danger…!
Beldia probably felt this too.
He turned his back to Aqua without hesitation and prepared to run…
… But Darkness appeared before him!
Aqua opened her arms.
“Sacred Create Water!”
She chanted the magic to create water.
I remembered this was how Aqua put it.
She could summon a flood if she wanted to.
“Hey…! Wait…!”
“Hya–! Water, watahhh–!”
Including the target Beldia, Darkness and the adventurers near Beldia, Megumin and me in the distance, even Aqua who chanted the spell were hit…
“Puah…! Wait, I’m drowning…!”
“Megumin, Megumin–! Hold on tight, don’t get swept away!”
The sudden flood washed over everyone on scene.
The water volume was enormous, splashing waves at the main gate and flowing into town.
After the water subsided, the ground was full of exhausted adventurers and…
“Hey… Hey…! What were you thinking… Are you an idiot?! You must be a moron…!”
Beldia, who was also exhausted, stood up unsteadily.
I wanted to agree with Beldia, but now was not the time to say that.
Now, use this chance…
“Do it now, my stellar performance has weakened that guy. Use this chance to defeat him, Kazuma! Hurry up! Hey, hurry up you!”
This bitch–!
I made up my mind to steal everything from this girl in public until she cried. After deciding that, I reached my hand out to Beldia…!
“I’ll definitely snatch your weapon this time! Take this–!”
“Just try it! Even if I’ve been weakened drastically, it’s impossible for a mere novice to take my weapon!”
Beldia shouted at me as he threw his head high up again and held his sword with both hands to use his full power.
As expected of a Demon King’s General. Even severely weakened, just opposing him like this made my legs shake.
I headed toward the Demon King’s General…!
“Steal–!”
I pumped all my mana into this Steal!
I felt something hard, cold and heavy in my hand as I used my skill.
This raised the thought of ‘Did it work?’, which might’ve become a flag for failure.
I mustn’t think this way.
“Ahhh…”
The adventurers all around made sounds of disappointment.
I looked at Beldia; he was still holding his sword tightly.
And his swift attacks…
… Did not come at me. He just stood there in that position.
…?
Nobody knew what had happened and it became quiet. At this moment, I heard a voice that sounded a bit troubled and panicked.
“Ex-Excuse me…”
It was Beldia.
Beldia said in a whimsical voice:
“Ex-Excuse me… Can you return my head back to me…?”
Beldia’s head said as it lay in my hands.
……
“Hey everyone, let’s play soccer! Soccer is–! A game that forbids the use of hands, where you only use your feet to control the ball–!”
I kicked Beldia’s head to the adventurers!
“Huh? Ahhh–! Wait, hey, don’t do that!”
The head rolled on the ground after I kicked it over, and became the best toy for the adventurers who were waiting frantically.
“Yahahaha! This game is fun!”
“Hey here! Pass it to me too–!”
“Stop! Please, it hurts, stop!”
Beldia’s head was kicked around, but his body that was holding the sword was at a loss since it couldn’t see ahead.
“Hey Darkness, want to hit him with your sword?”
I picked up the sword on the ground and handed it to the soaked Darkness walking toward me. Breathing heavily and dripping blood and water everywhere, Darkness lifted her sword, heading unsteadily towards Beldia and stopping in front of him.
I used this chance to wave at Aqua, who was squeezing her hagoromo dry. She noticed my gesture and jogged over to us.
Darkness raised her sword up high…!
“This blow is for the people who took care of me but were killed by you! I don’t want to hit too many times, so take all of their share with this one hit!”
And she swung down mightily.
“Wahhh!”
The muffled scream of Beldia came from the head that was being kicked around in the distance.
Darkness might’ve been clumsy, but she was very strong, shattering Beldia’s dark armor in one blow and opening an obvious gap in the chest area.
I remembered Beldia saying something like this.
This armour was enchanted by the Demon King.
“Great. Aqua, the rest is in your hands.”
“Leave it to me!”
Aqua lifted one hand, aiming at the crack in the armour of Beldia that had been weakened by water.
“Sacred Turn Undead–!”
“Wait, hold on…! Hyaaa–!”
After getting hit by Aqua’s spell, Beldia’s scream could be heard near the legs of the adventurers.
It seemed like Turn Undead was effective this time.
Beldia’s body was covered in a white light, turning translucent and gradually disappearing.
The adventurers who were playing soccer were in an uproar, as Beldia’s head also disappeared.
… And so, without even knowing what he was doing in this place, the Demon King’s General was purified here.
When she heard the cheers of victory from the adventurers, Darkness, who was wounded all over, knelt on one knee, praying with her eyes closed at the spot the Dullahan disappeared.
Seeing Darkness act this way, Megumin asked her hesitantly:
“… Darkness, what are you doing?”
Darkness replied as if she were reciting a monologue in her heart:
“… I’m praying. The Dullahan was a knight who was executed unjustly, and turned into a monster because of his grudge. It might be weird to say this after smashing him with my sword, but there’s no reason not to pray for him…”
“I see…”
Megumin said softly and Darkness continued:
“… Cedre’s arm strength was weaker than mine, so he spread an idiotic rumour that my body was full of muscle… Heinz once said to me, ‘Hey, it’s hot today, fan me with that large sword of yours, all right? It’s fine if you hit me, that is if you can!’ as he laughed like a moron while teasing me… And Garilhe, I joined his party once and made him yell, asking why I kept charging into the middle of the monster hoard… They were all killed by that Dullahan. Thinking back, they might not have been great guys, but I didn’t really dislike them…”
After Darkness said that…
“Um… I see. I’ll listen to the rest later, let’s go back to the guild for now.”
Megumin said to end the topic.
I didn’t know if she heard what Megumin said, but Darkness closed her eyes and said gently:
“… If I could meet them again… Just once is enough, I would want to have a drink with them…”
“O-Okay…”
Behind Darkness, some bashful voices sounded out.
Darkness shivered for a moment. Behind her were three embarrassed-looking men.
I remembered them being murdered by Beldia just now.
Finally, one of them spoke apologetically…
“How should I put this… It’s my bad. I didn’t know you thought of us that way…”
“That’s… That’s right, I’m sorry for spreading that weird rumour because I lost to you in arm wrestling… I-I’ll treat you to a meal next time…”
“Actually… Were you really conscious about not being able to hit your enemy? I-I’m sorry about that…”
As she listened to the three of them talk, Darkness, who remained in her praying posture with her eyes still closed, started to blush.
And Aqua, unable to read the mood, said excitedly:
“Darkness, leave such things to me! At my level, fresh corpses that haven’t passed on too long ago can be resurrected by me easily! This is wonderful, now all of you can drink together again!”
Aqua didn’t mean any harm.
But when Darkness heard what Aqua said, she remembered her monologue with the subjects in question standing behind her. She covered her red face that was on the verge of tears and sat on the ground in a heap.
“Isn’t this great? Meeting everyone once again… Let’s go and drink with everyone.”
I said to Darkness heartily, but she continued to cover her face and said softly:
“… I want to die…”
I said to Darkness who was like this:
“Don’t you prefer when others humiliate you with words? Don’t hold back, I’ll keep bringing this up for the next three days.”
“This… This is not the kind of humiliation I want…!”
Darkness said with trembling shoulders.
The day after Beldia was defeated.
I was thinking about what to do in the future as I walked to the guild alone.
It was my obligation to take down the Demon King.
But that meant I had to take on strong enemies like Beldia in the future.
Should I finish the quest of defeating the Demon King so the heavens can grant me one wish?
Or give up and find a place to live peacefully in this world?
… Of course, I had decided on the answer.
I had the weakest job, so I wouldn’t be so lucky as to be able to win all the battles I would face.
I planned to live my life leisurely and avoid dangerous matters.
I would use my knowledge of Japan to start a business.
After setting up my career, if I had time to spare and ever felt like seeking thrills, I could take on simple quests. I opened the adventurer’s guild doors as I was planning my life.
A strong smell welcomed me when I opened the doors.
The passion of the crowd and the strong scent of alcohol flowed out from the opened doors.
The adventurers held a party in broad daylight to commemorate us defeating the Demon King’s boss.
“Ah! You’re too slow, Kazuma! Everyone’s already starting to get smashed!”
Aqua, who was in a great mood, told me as I entered the guild:
“Hey, hurry and collect the bounty, Kazuma! Almost all the adventurers have claimed their rewards for defeating the Demon King’s boss! I did too! But as you can see, I drank a lot of it away!”
Aqua was happy, opening her money pouch for me to see. She then scratched her head and laughed cheerfully.
This… this girl was drunk.
I didn’t know how the drinking age of this world was set.
On a closer look, many of the adventurers inside the guild were so drunk that they couldn’t even walk steadily.
Ignoring those drunkards, I headed for the counter.
Darkness and Megumin were already there.
“You’re here, Kazuma. Quick, collect your reward.”
“I waited really long for you, Kazuma. Listen to me, Darkness is really petty, saying it was too early for me to drink…”
“Wait, it has nothing to do with being petty. That’s not what I meant…!”
The two of them started bickering, so I approached the counter lady.
… For some reason, the familiar counter lady had an awkward expression.
“Eh, well… Satou Kazuma-san, correct? We have been expecting you.”
…?
The attitude of the counter lady made me feel something was up.
“Well… First will be the rewards for these two ladies.”
The counter lady then gave two small bags to Darkness and Megumin.
Strange, what about me?
As I was getting suspicious, the counter lady spoke:
“… Actually… It’s like this. The guild has decided to present a special reward for Kazuma’s party.”
…?
“Huh, why just us?”
When I asked, someone answered me.
“Hey, MVP! If not for you guys, there’s no way we could have beaten that Dullahan!”
In response to that, the drunkards agreed rowdily.
Everyone…
I had been experiencing hardship since coming to this world, so I was a bit touched by everyone’s kindness.
So, I represented all four people on my team to receive the special reward.
The counter lady cleared her throat and…
“Ahem–To honor Satou Kazuma and his party’s victory over the Demon King’s General, Beldia… The guild awards them 300 million eris.”
“Three…”
We were speechless.
The adventurers turned silent when they heard the amount.
After that…
“Hey, 300 million, it’s your treat Kazuma–!”
“Woah–! Kazuma-sama, treat us! Treat us–!”
Adventurers started asking me to buy the bill.
Ah right!
“Hey Darkness, Megumin! I have something to tell both of you! I plan to cut down on adventuring in the future! With such a large amount of money, we could live a peaceful life of luxury!”
“Hey, wait a minute! It’s troubling if I can’t fight strong enemies! And what about defeating the Demon King?”
“This is a problem for me too! I want to defeat the Demon King with Kazuma and gain the title of the strongest mage!”
Their protests were drowned out by the noise that was getting rowdier.
Under these circumstances, the counter lady showed an apologetic face and handed me a paper.
It was full of zeros.
Was this the check of this world?
Aqua drunkenly came over to me and peeked at the paper in my hand.
“Eh, things are like this. Because of Kazuma’s party… Which is to say, Aqua-san’s flood, the buildings around the town were washed away and damaged like a catastrophic disaster… But taking into consideration the merit of defeating a boss of the Demon King, the town won’t ask for full compensation, just a part of it… That’s how it is…”
After making this announcement, the counter lady slowly averted her gaze and left the counter in a hurry.
After seeing the paper in my hand, Megumin fled.
I immediately grabbed the collar of Aqua who was about to follow.
After seeing our reactions, the adventurers realized the bill wasn’t a small amount and looked the other way.
Darkness looked at the compensation bill and put her hand on my shoulder…
“Reward is 300 million… The compensation is 340 million… Kazuma, let’s take on quests with strong enemies to earn lots of money starting tomorrow.”
Darkness said with a bright smile that stemmed from the bottom of her heart.
… Do I have to spend my life with these incompetent comrades in this ridiculous world?
… I slowly closed my eyes and steeled my resolve to defeat the Demon King.
To escape from this ridiculous world!
Afterdrawing
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil
“Satou Kazuma-san… Welcome to the afterworld. I’m Eris, the goddess who’ll guide your way. Your time in the mortal world is up.”
Opening my eyes, I found myself standing at a shrine that seemed to be from ancient Rome.
Before I could understand what happened, the girl before my eyes explained it to me.
She had long silvery hair with white skin and was wearing a loose white hagoromo.
Though her face that looked delicate and beautiful, I could feel a hint of melancholy.
I didn’t know her actual age, but she appeared to be younger than me.
The goddess who called herself Eris looked at me with her sad green eyes as I stood there dumbfounded.
After hearing the goddess’s words, I finally realized that I had died again.
This was a familiar feeling.
I felt the same way when I met the other (self-proclaimed) goddess which resulted in me going to that world.
Right now, I remembered what happened before I died.
– I see, so I died again.
The moment I thought of that, something warm flowed down my face.
It wasn’t like this was the first time I died.
Ah, that’s right–
For some strange reason, I missed that lousy world I thought I hated.
“… I want money!”
I groaned miserably.
I wanted money. And lots of it.
– I was in the tavern of the adventurer’s guild.
I hugged my head with both hands and buried my face on the table.
“Anyone would want that. It’s the same for me too… By the way, aren’t you being too useless? To let a goddess like me stay in the stables, don’t you know any shame? If you get it, let me live more luxuriously. Take better care of me!”
The one complaining to me was a beautiful girl with blue hair and eyes.
This girl who is only good for her looks is Aqua, and here I thought she was some kind of goddess–
“… Do you know why I crave for money so badly?”
“The elegant and wonderful me couldn’t possibly understand what a former hikikomori like you is thinking about. You’re after the funds you need to stay a hikikomori forever, isn’t that it?”
“It’s debt.”
When Aqua heard what I said, she trembled and averted her gaze.
“It’s the debt, all right! Because of the money you owe, the reward from that quest was completely gone! My brows were frozen when I woke up in the stables this morning! The other adventurers are already renting rooms in the tavern to sleep! If we keep sleeping in the stables this winter, we’ll freeze to death! Get a grip, now is not the time to say stupid things like, ‘I’ll return victoriously after defeating the Demon King’!”
I slammed my hand on the table as I lectured Aqua who averted her eyes and cupped her ears.
– In this world, there were people known as adventurers.
They fought monsters that threatened the lives of people night and day, and preoccupied themselves day by day without worrying about the next.
Even adventurers who weren’t known for their long-term planning mulled their time away in the inn during the winter.
This was because the weak monsters had all hibernated; only the dangerous creatures were still active.
Our base was the town where novice adventurers congregated, Axel.
For adventurers who were just slightly stronger than regular people, taking up quests during the winter was suicidal.
At this moment, Aqua banged on the table and rebuked me.
“That couldn’t be helped! If not for my superb performance, this town would’ve been destroyed! How unreasonable to just throw the debt at us without a word of thanks! This is ridiculous! I want to complain to the counter staff!”
“Hey, stop that, don’t trouble the counter lady…! In the end, we did receive a large reward… It was just negated by the debts. Destroying a part of town wasn’t something that could be ignored.”
This town was attacked by a General of the Demon King named Beldia.
Demon King.
Indeed, that kind of Demon King.
The Demon King that existed in games and mangas sent one of his generals to attack us.
During the fight, Aqua summoned a large quantity of water, the enemy’s weakness. After the boss was weakened, I moved forward courageously and attacked, but–
“What’s with you!? Kazuma was just running away before I weakened him enough for you to use Steal on him! Praise me more! Respect me! Don’t stop worshiping me! Everyone in the guild should adore me as a goddess and respect me!”
“You annoying egotistic idiot! You’ll act all arrogant if I don’t put you in your place! Fine, I admit the incident was settled all thanks to you! So, you’ll get all the credit for it, are you happy now!? Then go clear the debts alone!”
“Wahhh, wait! Sorry, I was wrong, I apologize… Don’t abandon me!”
Aqua tried to stop me in tears as I stood up to abandon the goddess of debts.
At this moment, someone spoke to us.
“Really, making a scene so early in the morning. Everyone’s watching… They aren’t watching. The guys in the guild have gotten used to you two…”
“You two are up early. Did you find any good quests?”
The ones chatting with us were our companions, a Crusader with a masochistic personality and a chuuni Archwizard named Megumin.
Darkness had a great sword at her waist, wearing casual clothes as she sat while flicking her long blonde hair.
The Crimson Demon mage with an eye-patch sat beside her.
“Yo, are you two ready, too? We haven’t found any jobs, and I don’t think we need to rush. It’s fine to wait for you two to join us before we hunt for quests.”
I said as I surveyed the guild.
It was morning, but the adventurers were already getting drunk.
It was correct to say that this couldn’t be helped.
The reward for defeating the Demon King’s army boss had been paid out to the adventurers who took part in the battle.
The adventurers who had gotten a bit more well off lost all reasons to risk their lives hunting monsters in the winter.
In conclusion, the quests on the bulletin board were open for picking, but–
I approached the bulletin board, looking for any good quests.
“Let me see… The bounties are great for these quests, but there are no decent ones left…”
‘Hunt down the White Wolf pack attacking the farm, 1,000,000 eris.’
‘A ‘One-hit Bear’ has woken from hibernation. 2,000,000 to kill it, 500,000 for chasing it away.’
There was no way to take out the wolf pack.
It was larger and faster than most canine-type monsters and if they attacked in a group, we would be wiped out.
The bear was out of the question. Megumin and I would die with just a scratch from it.
And I didn’t want anything to do with a monster with a terrifying name like ‘One-hit Bear’.
“… Mobile Fortress Destroyer is approaching, recruiting scouts for reconnaissance regarding its route of advancement…? What? What’s this Destroyer?”
“The Destroyer is the Destroyer. The huge and fast mobile fortress.”
“It rampages around and is strangely popular among the kids.”
Oh. I didn’t get it.
I didn’t take Darkness and Megumin’s explanation to heart and continued browsing the quests.
And so–
“Hey, what’s this ‘Snow Sprite Hunt’? That doesn’t sound very strong.”
Each Snow Sprite had a bounty of 100,000 eris.
Among the monsters we had defeated, it had a rather high bounty, but the name didn’t sound as strong as the wolves and bears.
“Snow Sprites are weak monsters. They can be found in places with lots of snow, and will shatter when hit with a sword. But…”
I tore the notice down as I listened to Megumin.
“Hunting Snow Sprites? Snow Sprites aren’t dangerous monsters, but defeating one will allow spring to arrive half a day earlier. If we’re taking this quest, I’ll need to prepare.”
Aqua said ‘Wait for a while’ and went off somewhere.
Megumin didn’t have any problems with hunting Snow Sprites either.
Darkness mumbled to herself.
“Snow Sprites…”
I thought this M-type Crusader who was always thinking about fighting strong monsters would object.
But Darkness seemed happy for some reason.
I was a little suspicious of Darkness’s behaviour, but we still left to hunt the Snow Sprites after Aqua returned.
– The plains far away from town.
It wasn’t snowing in town, but this place was dyed white with shiny snow.
And that had to be the Snow Sprites.
The palm-sized white balls that were floating all around the place.
They didn’t seem dangerous.
But why would such a harmless thing have a bounty of 100,000 eris?
They said defeating one of these things would bring spring half a day closer, so the people who couldn’t wait for spring to come put up this huge bounty.
Even though the bounty was high, it didn’t mean the opposing monsters were powerful.
Monsters that were average in strength and harmless to humans, but fed on crops in the fields.
Monsters that were weak but actively attacked humans, aggressive in nature.
In such cases, defeating the weak monster that attacked humans would yield a higher bounty.
Although the bounty of the Snow Sprites was disturbingly high, I was more concerned with something else.
“… Hey, can’t you do something about your attire?”
I looked at Aqua who had an insect net and many small bottles, and was dressed like a kid catching crickets in the winter.
Aqua had a ‘What are you saying!?’ face, looking at me like I was a moron.
This idiot.
“I want to catch the Snow Sprites and put them into these bottles! If I put one together with a beverage in a box, I’d be able to drink ice-cold Neroid at any time! It’ll be like a fridge! What do you think? I’m smart, right?”
I could already see how this’ll end, but I guess I’ll let her be.
And…
“Where’s your armour?”
“Still being repaired.”
Leaving Aqua aside, the tank in our party–Darkness–was wearing casual clothing, with only a greatsword on her back.
“… The armour was battered after the fight with the Demon King’s General … But is this equipment okay…? Well, I don’t think the Snow Sprites will attack us, though.”
“It’s fine, don’t worry. It’s a bit cold, but this is like a cold endurance contest. It feels nice…”
Darkness, who was only wearing a tight skirt and black shirt, was panting in her minimal attire.
Maybe perverts who were hot in the head had a high body temperature, too.
We focused on the task at hand and began hunting the Snow Sprites.
“Megumin, Darkness! They’re escaping your way, take care of them! Damn, they’re squirming all over!”
“They float around leisurely if you leave them alone, but they dodge agilely if you attack them.”
It was hard to hit these guys.
But the bounty for each one was 100,000, after all, so such difficulties were expected.
After taking down the third Snow Sprite, I took a deep breath.
“I caught a fourth one! Look, Kazuma! What a harvest!”
Following the source of Aqua’s cheerful voice, I saw her putting the Snow Sprite caught by the insect net into a small bottle.
… Should I try using an insect net, too?
If we didn’t manage to take down too many of them by the end of the day, I’ll kill the ones that she caught.
“They’re too fast, Kazuma. Darkness and I can’t get them… Can I use Explosion to blow up an area?”
Megumin said while panting. Chasing alongside Darkness, Megumin finally got one Snow Sprite with her staff.
I was worried about drawing the attention of creatures such as White Wolves and One-hit Bears, but I could keep a lookout with Enemy Detection, and run away if there were any reactions.
“All right, I’m counting on you, Megumin. Get them all.”
Megumin started chanting her spell–!
“Explosion!!!”
Megumin released her powerful spell that could only be used once a day.
The cold dry air trembled, and with a roar, the brown earth in the center of the snow-white plains exploded, forming a crater.
Megumin laid prone on the snowy ground after exhausting her mana, displaying her adventurer’s card proudly.
“Eight! I took out 8. And I raised a level!”
Oh, well done. You would’ve looked much cooler if you hadn’t said that while half buried in the snow.
With this, I took 3, Megumin got 9. Making it a total of 12.
Including Aqua’s catch, there were 16, so 1,600,000 eris.
Splitting it 4 ways, that would be 400,000 each.
That was a large haul for less than an hour of work.
What’s with this? Hunting in winter is worth a lot of money.
So why didn’t anyone take up this easy job with such a large bounty?
As if to answer my doubts, it suddenly appeared before us.
“… Ah, it appeared!”
Darkness looked at that thing as she took a stance with her great sword and smiled.
Because it appeared so suddenly, I couldn’t use Enemy Detection to escape.
“……”
Megumin who was just boasting of her victory was now playing dead.
“… Kazuma. Let me tell you why the adventurers don’t take on quests in the winter.”
Aqua took a step back as she stared at it.
– That thing which was the focus of our attention took a heavy step forward.
“You stayed in Japan in the past. When you were young you must’ve heard this name during this season in the weather reports and news, right?”
That thing with pure white, heavy armour released its boundless killing intent at us.
As a Japanese citizen, I could tell from a glance what Aqua was talking about.
Just that terrifying figure was enough even if Aqua didn’t explain. But I still waited for her to say it.
“The master of the Snow Sprites, and the symbol of winter itself…”
The Japanese-style heavy helmet matched the snow-white scale armour.
The masked armoured warrior breathed cold white smog as it stood before us.
– Aqua said with a serious face.
“That’s right. This is the Winter Shogun.”
“This is stupid! All the people, food, and monsters in this damn world are stupid!!”
The terrifyingly sharp blade glimmered in the sun–the Winter Shogun attacked!
Its helmet was pure white. It was a simple and dull color, but the elegance of the Warring States era armour was still prominent.
Its body was covered with scale armour of intrinsic designs.
Its blade emitted cold, white smog and were visibly sharp.
The Winter Shogun emitted a really strong presence as it took up a stance.
The white blade shined under the sun and slashed toward the nearest target–Darkness!
“Ugh!?”
Darkness went to block with her greatsword, but–
With a crisp crack, the greatsword that withstood the blows from Beldia was easily broken.
“Ahhh!? My sword is…!?”
Aqua put some distance between her and the Winter Shogun as she said…
“Winter Shogun; one of the special monsters with a high national bounty. The Winter Shogun is the Fairy of Winter… Fairies don’t have a material body. It manifests itself according to the unconscious descriptions and images of the people it meets. The Fairy of Fire would turn into a violent salamander according to ‘the desire to engulf everything in flames’. The Fairy of Water reminds people of the young, beautiful and sensible goddess of water, so they would manifest themselves as a young girl… But the Fairy of Winter is a bit special, all right? In the winter with dangerous monsters all around, even adventurers won’t leave their homes, so few people have met the Fairy of Winter… That’s right, except for the bunch of cheaters who were transported here from Japan.”
She held onto the bottles containing the Snow Sprites as she elaborated on the Winter Shogun.
The Winter Shogun was breathing cold, white smoke from the mouth of its mask.
I stood beside Darkness who was holding her broken sword, and put up my guard before the Winter Shogun.
“… You mean this thing is here because those idiots from Japan thought ‘When you think  about winter, you have to think about the Winter Shogun’? Why did they think such troublesome things? What should we do? Can we fight the fairy of Winter!?”
To be frank, I don’t think I can beat the monster before me.
It might’ve looked like a humanoid warrior in armour at first glance, but if that was the manifestation of a fairy, then my sword wouldn’t be effective at all.
And our trump card, Megumin, couldn’t use magic any more today.
After this fight, I will step on that girl who was playing dead.
Aqua opened the bottles to release the Snow Sprites she worked so hard to catch.
“Kazuma, listen to me! The Winter Shogun is a merciful being! If you apologize properly, it’ll let us go!”
Aqua said as she knelt in the snow-covered plains in a hurry.
“Prostrate! Prostrate yourself, quick! Everyone throw your weapons away! Apologize! Hurry up Kazuma, apologize!”
Pressing her head hard into the snow, the former something threw her pride away and gave a standard kowtow.
I felt a sense of awe from Aqua who prostrated without hesitation, and Megumin who was playing dead so perfectly.
And the Winter Shogun really did ignore the prostrating Aqua.
It turned its gaze toward me and Darkness.
I knelt in a hurry after it looked at me–!
… I realized Darkness beside me was standing there idly.
“Hey, what are you doing, hurry up and kneel!”
Darkness threw her broken sword aside and stared at the Winter Shogun defiantly.
“Ugh…! Even I have my pride as a Crusader! Even if no one is watching, as a knight, I can’t lower my head to a monster because of fear…!”
I grabbed Darkness’s head as she was saying some troublesome things and  pressed her down forcefully.
“You’re always happily chasing monsters around, so why are you displaying your boring sense of pride now!”
“Stop! Ugh, I don’t want to lower my head, but because you so crudely forced me down, my face is touching the ground, what a reward! Hahaha… Ah, the snow is cold…!”
I pressed the head of the pervert who was offering token resistance down as I lowered mine too.
I peeked at the Winter Shogun and saw that he had kept his blade.
I relaxed and continued to bow–
Aqua shouted shrilly at me.
“Kazuma, the weapon! Throw the weapon in your hand away now!!”
I was pressing my head into the icy snow plains, and suddenly realized my right hand was still holding a sword.
I threw the sword in my right hand away in a hurry.
I was panicking, so my head left the snowy ground as I did so–
What I saw was the Winter Shogun holding the sheathed blade with its left hand.
The Winter Shogun pushed the blade out with the thumb of its left hand, revealing a glimpse of white steel.
This was known as the ‘Iai stance’.
The Winter Shogun’s right hand, which was empty, swung out in an instant.
I heard a clinking sound.
That was the sound of a blade being sheathed.
And for some reason, my gaze was falling towards the snowy ground–
– I remembered completely.
I was killed by the Winter Shogun.
“Um… Have you calmed down?”
“Ah… Sorry, I lost my composure. That was embarrassing of me.”
In the pure white shrine, I averted my eyes shamefully after crying pitifully before the goddess.
But the goddess who called herself Eris shook her head.
“This is nothing to be ashamed about. You lost your precious life after all…”
She said as she closed her eyes sympathetically.
Seeing Eris’s sorrowful expression, I felt sad as well.
“Um, may I ask? Do you know what happened to the monster that killed me?”
I was worried about those fellows taking on the Winter Shogun because I was killed.
“It’s fine, the Winter Shogun disappeared after cutting you down.”
Hearing that, I sighed in relief.
Eris looked at me sorrowfully.
“Satou Kazuma-san. You came from peaceful Japan and encountered something like this… Brave soul who came from another world, I will use my power to let you reincarnate in peaceful Japan to a wealthy family and live a free life.”
After hearing Eris’s words, I remembered.
You could either live in heaven after death, or reincarnate as a baby.
Transporting to this ridiculous world was an abnormality.
It was a short time, but it was a happy period in the end.
Not being able to see those troublesome people was a bit…
That’s right, just a bit lonely–
Maybe because of the expression on my face, Eris looked at me and lowered her gaze sadly.
And she reached her right hand out to me…
“Hurry and come back Kazuma! How can you be killed off so easily in such a place! It’s too early for you to die!”
I suddenly heard Aqua’s voice.
The sound echoed throughout the place where only Eris and I were.
“Wait, what’s happening!?”
But I was not the only one who was surprised.
“Wha–! This voice, Aqua-senpai!? I was thinking that Archpriest looked just like Senpai; could it really be her!?”
Eris opened her eyes wide in disbelief, speaking loudly in the void.
“Kazuma, can you hear me? I have cast Resurrection on your body, you can come back now. There’s a goddess before you, right? Ask that girl to open the gate back here.”
Aqua’s voice came again.
Ohhh…! So, you really were a goddess, you finally did something incredible!
Oh yeah, that girl did resurrect the adventurers killed by the Dullahan!
“Okay, wait for me, Aqua! I’ll be right there!”
I wasn’t sure if my voice would reach her, but I still shouted into the void and jumped happily.
“Hold on, wait a minute! No, no, I’m sorry, you’ve already been revived once. By the laws of the heavens, you can’t be resurrected again! The other side can’t hear us, unless Aqua-senpai is connected to your voice. Could you help me pass along the message?”
Eris said in a panic.
Hey, are you kidding? I was happy for nothing!
“Hey, Aqua, can you hear me!? She said that I’ve already been revived once, so I can’t be revived again because of some rules in heaven!”
I shouted into the void.
Followed by a moment of silence–
“Ah? Which goddess said such foolish things! Tell me your name! A goddess watching over such a far-off place should respect an elite like me who oversees Japan!!”
Hey, don’t do that.
The goddess who oversaw the far-off area looked awkward.
“Eh, it’s a goddess-sama by the name of Eris…”
I timidly said to Eris.
Which was followed by the heated voice of Aqua.
“Eris!? That flat-chested Eris that audaciously used her name as the currency unit, just because she was worshipped as the national religion of this world!? Listen, Kazuma, if Eris continues to prattle, you just go for the pads in her bra and–”
“I get it, I get it! I’ll make an exception this time! I’ll open the gate now!”
After drowning out Aqua’s voice, Eris snapped her fingers while blushing.
At the same time, a plain white door appeared before me.
“Really, Aqua-senpai is still as unreasonable as ever.”
… After Eris grumbled, she said to me:
“This way, the gate to the mortal world… Really, this wouldn’t normally happen. By the rules, be it kings or big shots, everyone else only gets one chance… Really. You’re Kazuma-san, right?”
“Eh, ah, yes!”
I stuttered in reply upon hearing Eris ask for my name.
Compared to the laughable goddess by my side, this one looked more like a goddess-sama.
And she was an exceptionally beautiful girl, so I naturally became nervous.
The goddess who had a hint of sorrow in her eyes scratched her cheek.
Finally, she closed one eye like a playful kid and said in a soft, cheerful voice:
“Please keep this a secret, okay?”
I smiled awkwardly as I pushed the white door open–
– I could hear a sound from the distance.
“… zuma…! Kazuma, get up! Kazuma!”
The sound of Megumin lying on me sobbing.
…?
What was happening, my right hand felt warm.
Shifting my gaze in that direction, I could see Darkness by my side, down on one knee as she held my hand in her hands. Her eyes seemed to be closed in prayer.
I could feel breathing at the top of my head and looked that way.
And I met the eyes of Aqua who was looking at me.
“… Ah, you finally got up? That child is so stubborn, really.”
I heard Aqua’s voice and realized the back of my head was nice and warm.
… Oh.
I was sleeping on Aqua’s lap.
When Megumin and Darkness noticed I had awakened, they wordlessly gave me a tight hug.
It was great that they were so happy about my resurrection, but this felt embarrassing…!
When Aqua realized I couldn’t move because of embarrassment, she smiled deviously.
Damn, I shouldn’t have come back to this lousy place, I should’ve reincarnated back in Japan and lived the life of a rich man’s son.
“Hey Kazuma, don’t get hung up on being embarrassed. There should be something you want to say to us, right?”
Aqua said with a mischievous smile.
Could I change this useless goddess with that cute goddess-sama I just met?
– I said this clearly to Aqua.
“I want a swap.”
“How dare you hikiNEET! If you want to see that child so much, I’ll send you there right now!”
“Stop, stop! Don’t rough up someone who was just revived, you violent goddess!”
Aqua screamed with veins popping on her forehead, pinning me down with her fist high, ready to beat me up.
As Darkness stopped Aqua while saying ‘Don’t mind’, I checked my body that was slashed by the Winter Shogun and got up.
“… Is your body okay? Does it feel weird anywhere?”
When I heard Megumin say that, I patted all over my body.
“It seems fine. By the way, how was I killed?”
Aqua told me:
“You were beheaded by the Winter Shogun. It was a clean cut. Thanks to that, it easily reconnected and the healed. I restored a bit of your blood, but not completely. You’ll feel weak if you do anything strenuous, so, you’re banned from vanguard duties. It’ll be over if you get hurt and bleed again, understand?”
“Beheaded…!”
I was speechless and unconsciously rubbed my neck.
No matter where I touched, I couldn’t feel a scar anywhere.
A part of the snowy plains was dyed red by my blood. It splattered on Darkness who was beside me too.
Although I was saved by Aqua, just the thought of dying still gave me chills.
The winter of this world was a season for monsters who could survive despite the shortage of food.
Which meant that there wasn’t any quest that could be easily completed by novices like us.
… Well, let’s call it a day and return to town.
We went straight to the guild to collect our bounty after returning to town.
“But getting 12 in an hour. 1,200,000… It was a decent haul, but not worth dying for. That Winter Shogun is said to be a special monster. How much is his bounty? To break Darkness’s sword in one blow, he seemed stronger than Beldia who was worth 300 million.”
“The Winter Shogun is a monster that doesn’t do anything if you leave the Snow Sprites alone. Even so, the bounty should be about 200 million. As a Demon King’s General, Beldia, had a high bounty because of how dangerous he was. For the Winter Shogun who doesn’t actively attack humans to have a bounty of 200 million… it shows just how strong the Winter Shogun is.”
Hearing Megumin’s explanation, I fell into deep thought.
– 200 million.
With that much money, I could clear the debts, buy a house, and live leisurely for quite some time.
“… Megumin, could you use Explosion on that?”
“The Winter Shogun can’t be defeated by Explosion. Although it had a shape of a human, it is still a fairy. Fairies are immaterial, an existence just like mana. If it was an existence like the Fairy King, its magical defense would be rather high. Although Explosion could deal damage to all sort of existences, it would still be hard to settle it in one blow… Also, I don’t want to cast Explosion on such a scary opponent.”
It was impossible. Looking at me feeling depressed, Aqua smiled deviously.
“Hmph, Kazuma, you look rather down. But I wasn’t just thinking about prostrating. Here, look!”
Aqua said as she took a small bottle from her clothes.
There was a Snow Sprite inside.
She didn’t release all the Snow Sprites back then, and kept one.
“Oh! That’s smart of you, Aqua. Okay, hand this over, I’ll crush it right now.”
As I praised Aqua who was surprisingly smart, I held the bottle up high.
“Wha–! No, this child is for my fridge!! To drink ice-cold Neroid in summer… No, don’t kill this child! I even gave it a name, so you can’t kill it! No, no!!”
Aqua hugged the bottle containing the fairy, squatting in defiance unexpectedly.
Damn it, a monster worth 100,000–
But Aqua did revive me today. It was a waste, but I’ll just let it go.
After finishing the errand at the guild, we divided the bounty that was severely lessened by the debts.
It was a bit early, but considering the huge profit we made today, we chose to rent a room in the inn and rest early.
I just revived, so I didn’t want to push myself too hard.
But… Today’s profit was great, but it was just a drop in the ocean of our debts. With the dim future before me, I thought about my meeting with Eris to escape from reality.
She looked like an alluring beauty from the outside, and her personality was also–
She looked so sorrowful just because I died. And the goddess asking me to keep it a secret with a smile when she made an exception for my resurrection.
This is the first time I met a girl who could be a love interest since arriving in this world.
As I thought about Eris’s face, the trip to the inn’s door was over in an instant.
“Hehe, I have to take good care of this child and make lots of ice in the summer. And I’ll sell shaved ice with this child on the roadside! I’ll sleep with it in the hot summer night…! … Hey, Megumin, do you know what this child eats?”
“I don’t know what Snow Sprites feed on. Really, what do they eat?”
“It looks light and fluffy, probably tastes good if you dip it in sugar and put it in your mouth…”
The three behind me were talking about boring things.
I placed my hand on the door of the inn and turned to face the three of them.
And I thought of the elegant Eris.
Then I looked at the faces of these three again.
“?”
The three of them looked confused and stared back at me.
“… Sigh.”
“Ah!!”
I sighed as I listened to the uproar from the three and pushed the door open.
– It happened a few days after I was killed.
“Hey, say that again.”
In the silence that pervaded the guild, I tried to restrain my anger as I challenged that man.
After I died for the second time, I spent the next few days resting.
Fast forward to today. I was prohibited from strenuous activities, so I was looking for simple quests on the bulletin board, such as carrying luggage–
“I can say it as many times as you want. You mentioned a luggage-carrying quest? In a party full of high-tier job members, can’t you take on a harder quest? You’re the dead weight holding them back, right, man with the weakest job?”
The man dressed like a warrior said as his companions at his table laughed with him.
I had to bear with it.
I can handle this maturely; compared to the usual insults from Aqua, the taunts from a drunkard you could find anywhere weren’t worth mentioning.
But this man’s words made some sense.
My companions might’ve had some issues, but they all had high-tier jobs, just as he said.
If they could be utilized better, we could achieve great results.
And my ‘Adventurer’ job was indeed the weakest.
Right now, I had nothing to rebuke him.
– But, that man thought I was afraid of him because I kept quiet.
“Hey, say something, weakest job holder. Really, bringing three pretty ladies around, are you planning to create a harem? And all of them have top-tier jobs. You must be creating wonderful memories everyday with these onee-sans, right?”
Hearing this, the guild exploded in laughter.
But there were some who knew of our exploits. They were frowning and trying to warn that guy.
I couldn’t help clenching my fists, but I felt that with these people in the crowd, I could get over this.
Megumin, Darkness, and Aqua came over to encourage me.
“Kazuma, don’t bother with them. I won’t mind no matter what they say about me.”
“That’s right Kazuma, ignore those drunkards.”
“Yeah, that man is just jealous that Kazuma has us. I don’t mind, so just leave them be.”
Correct, the man before us was the typical troublemaker you would find in mangas.
There was no need to be concerned with him.
I gritted my teeth, but the next sentence from that man made me lose my cool.
“Being surrounded by top-tier classes is so blissful. How envious it is to not know suffering! How about switching places with me, bro?”
“I’ll gladly switch!!”
I shouted out loud.
The adventurer’s guild turned silent again.
“… Huh?”
The warrior who was harassing me held his beer with one hand and made an awkward sound.
“I said that I would switch with you! Hey, you think I’m a pushover because I didn’t say anything, right! Ahhh, that’s right, I have the weakest job! I’m fine with that… But you! What did you say after that, you jerk!?”
“Ka… Kazuma?”
Aqua timidly approached me when I suddenly got mad.
But the man who backed off a little because of my sudden outburst spoke before she could say anything more.
“After that part? Um, bringing three pretty ladies and creating a harem…”
I slammed my fist on the table.
The sound made everyone in the guild tremble.
“Pretty ladies!? Harem!? You said harem!? Hey, are those things in your eye sockets made from glass!? Where are the pretty ladies!? My eyes are bad and can’t see any pretty ladies, all right! Why don’t you change your glass eyes with my lousy ones!!”
“Ah, huh!?”
When these three heard what I said, they pointed at themselves and gasped.
“Hey, you! Tell me! Pretty ladies? Where, where are they! You said you envy me, right? Ahh? You said that, right!?”
While I was grabbing that man by the collar, a timid voice came from behind me.
“Well… About that…”
That was the soft voice of Aqua, who was representing the three of them, raising her hand.
But I ignored her and carried on.
“And after that? Being surrounded by top-tier classes is so blissful? How envious it is to not know suffering!!!?”
“… Um, well, sorry… The alcohol got to my head… But! The grass might look greener on the other side, but your situation is better! You said you want to change with me, right? Just one day. How about just switching with me for one adventure? Hey, you guys are fine with that, right!?”
The man whose collar was grabbed by me said as he turned to his companions for confirmation.
“I-I’m fine with that… The quest today is just hunting goblins.”
“I’m okay with it too. But Dust, don’t say you don’t want to rejoin the party because it’s too comfortable there, all right?”
“I have no problems, either. Even with a rookie, the goblins are no big deal. As compensation, I hope you bring some great stories back.”
The companions of the troublemaker added in.
“Hey, Kazuma. Um, you guys seemed to be chatting happily, but aren’t you going to ask for our opinion?”
“No. Hello, my name is Kazuma. It might just be one day, but please take care of me!”
“Ah, okay…”
The three companions of the troublemaker awkwardly acknowledged me.
The man equipped with heavy armour and a sword observed me and said:
“I’m Taylor. I’m proficient with a one-handed sword, and I am a Crusader. I’m sort of like the leader of this party. It is just temporary, but you’re still part of our team. Please listen to my instructions, all right?”
“Of course. Or rather, I was always the one issuing the orders. Following your instructions should be a refreshing experience. Please look after me.”
Taylor seemed shocked to hear what I said.
“What? That party of top-tier jobs is led by an adventurer?”
“That’s correct.”
I nodded casually and the three of them couldn’t say anything.
Next was a girl who seemed rather young, wearing a green cloak.
“I’m Lynn. As you can see, I’m a mage. I can use Intermediate Magic. Anyway, nice to meet you. And don’t worry, I’ll protect you, rookie! Goblins are a piece of cake!”
That kid was treating me like a young junior and smiled.
I felt that I was probably older, but a proper mage was dependable. Please let me rely on her.
“I’m Keith. Archer. I’m confident with sniping. Anyway, pleased to meet you.”
The lean man with a bow on his back said with a smile.
“I’ll be in everyone’s care. I’m Kazuma. My job is adventurer… Eh, should I talk about things I’m good at?”
The three of them burst out in laughter when they heard that.
“No, no need. By the way, weren’t you looking for a quest carrying luggage? Kazuma, just help us with our bags. A simple quest of hunting goblins will be fine with just the three of us. Don’t worry, the bounty will be split equally 4 ways.”
Taylor was a bit sarcastic, but that didn’t matter.
Some might’ve said I was surrounded by beauties, but I felt that getting paid just for carrying luggage was a great deal. Really, wasn’t that fine?
Well, since these guys said that themselves, I would take up their generous offer.
– At this moment, a familiar voice came from the quest bulletin board.
“Hmm~ repel the goblins? Why did those things appear around the town? Can’t we take a quest with a higher reward? We need to let Kazuma know just how valuable we are.”
The troublemaker was being pressured by Aqua.
“No, I know you all are very capable, but I can’t match up with you all. Archpriest, Archwizard and Crusader. With such a formation, any adversaries would not be a match. But please pick a simple one this time… By the way, I see that you don’t have a weapon or armour, are you planning to go just like that?”
“No problem. I’m confident of my toughness, and my weapon wouldn’t hit anyway.”
“Wouldn’t hit…? No, that…? Never mind, it would work…”
That guy conversing with Darkness wanted to ‘pick a simple one this time’; was he expecting to do this again?
I was fine with that, too.
While I was preoccupied with the situation over there, Taylor stood up.
“I didn’t plan to work during winter, but we managed to obtain this simple goblin hunting job. In summary, we’ll be hunting the goblins at the foot of the mountain path. If we set off now, we can make it back by night. Well then, rookie, let’s get going.”
Goblins.
A mainstream monster that was known to everyone in both this world and my own.
These guys didn’t seem very threatening in games, but to my surprise, people see them as dangerous beings in this world.
They weren’t much alone, but they moved in groups, and could use weapons.
They seemed to be wild demi-humans: agile, short, violent, and known to attack humans and livestock.
Although they usually lived in the forest, for some reason these goblins were camping at the mountain path leading to the next town.
We leisurely walked across the grass plains leading to the mountain.
“Anyway, why are the goblins staying at such a place? Not that I’m complaining. Thanks to that, we got this great quest of hunting goblins!”
Defeating one goblin would yield 20,000 eris in bounty.
I didn’t know how strong the goblins were, but they had to be easy since Lynn said so.
I could get a share of the reward just by following behind these three with their bags.
This might’ve been the first time I got such an easy quest without any tension.
Normally, my companions would create some trouble along the way, but we reached the mountain safely today.
It was a mountain, but not a lush mountain like those in Japan; it was a brown rocky mountain without vegetation.
There were just a few sparse trees. It was baffling why would the goblins move to a place that wasn’t blessed by the bounties of nature.
If it was the usual party, I’d feel uneasy about whether the quest would proceed smoothly. But today, I felt really secure.
That had to be because this was a proper party.
Taylor stopped and opened his map.
“The goblins were spotted at the top of this mountain path, just as it starts leading down the slope. There might be goblins living in the caves beside the path, so be on guard from this point onwards.”
I felt a bit moved by Taylor’s instructions.
This was it, this is what a proper conversation between adventurers should be like.
Wanting to charge into the middle of the enemy; suddenly wanting to chant Explosion; wanting to go back early to drink beer. Those conversations were the weird ones.
The whole team looked at each other and nodded silently.
There were no divergent paths on the mountain. The narrow trail snaked between the treacherous mountain face.
The path was wide enough for 5 or 6 people to walk side-by-side, but one side was a wall while the other side was a cliff.
We walked quietly along the path, and I suddenly noticed something.
“Something’s coming from the mountain path ahead. My Enemy Detection skill picked it up. But it’s just one.”
There was only a single ping on my Enemy Detection skill.
Didn’t goblins move in groups?
The three of them turned around in surprise when they heard what I said.
“… Kazuma, you have the skill to detect enemies? And it’s just one? That shouldn’t be a goblin. There shouldn’t be strong enemies that can move alone here… This is just a straight path, we’ll be discovered even if we hide among the trees there. Should we fight?”
Taylor lifted his shield and said…
“No, I have the Lurk skill, so we won’t be discovered even if we hide. This skill is effective on party members that are touched by the user, so let’s hide in the trees first.”
After hearing what I said, the three appeared even more surprised, but they still hid in the woods.
As expected of a veteran adventurer team.
When you weren’t sure what the opponent was, the first thing to do was to avoid battle and observe. That’s the basics of the basics.
There was nothing to be ashamed about in being careful. But there was in dying due to carelessness.
If it were my usual teammates, would they hide so straightforwardly? As I was thinking about that–
It appeared
Simply put, it was a feline beast.
That thing was bigger than tigers and lions, covered in black fur all over. It had giant fangs like a saber-toothed tiger growing out of its mouth.
That thing suspiciously sniffed the ground of the mountain path we walked on earlier.
When Lynn saw that thing, she covered her mouth in panic.
She almost screamed from fear.
The three who were touching me with their hands tightened their grip on me.
For these three to be this nervous… this must be quite a dangerous monster.
– After that thing sniffed around the area, it finally headed off in the direction we came from, moving towards the town.
“… Wah! How, how scary! Rookie Killer! That was a Rookie Killer!”
Seeing Lynn say that with teary eyes, it seemed to be a formidable opponent.
“My heart, my heart almost stopped! We’re saved…! I get it, the goblins moved to the mountain path so close to town because they were herded by the Rookie Killer.”
“Ah, that’s it… But this is troubling. It moved in the direction of our home. We can’t escape back to town that way.”
Keith and Taylor said.
“Um, was that thing really that scary?”
When the three heard me, they looked at me with eyes of disbelief that were saying, ‘You didn’t know?’
“That’s a Rookie Killer. It hangs around creatures like goblins and kobolds, weaker monsters that are easy for rookie adventurers to handle, and preys on those adventurers in turn. This means the goblins are bait to lure adventurers. And to keep the goblins from settling at one place, it’ll herd the goblins to change its hunting grounds. A cunning and dangerous monster.”
“How scary.”
There are such intelligent monsters living in this world.
I felt like letting Aqua taste how powerful the Rookie Killer was.
“Anyway, why don’t we complete the goblin quest? The Rookie Killer would usually protect the goblins that are used to lure the adventurers. If we kill the goblins and hide their bodies in the woods along the mountain path, it might ignore us like it did just now, and follow the scent of the bloody goblins instead. Even if it got close, we could rely on Kazuma’s Enemy Detection. We can’t just keep hiding here since we don’t know whether the Rookie Killer will come back. Let’s head for our destination.”
We accepted Taylor’s proposal and got out of the woods.
… At this moment, Lynn took some of the luggage I was carrying and said:
“If we encounter the Rookie Killer and needed to run, it would be better if Kazuma has a lighter load. I’ll take some too. As compensation, I’ll be counting on your Enemy Detection and Lurk skills, all right?”
Lynn shouldered her own bags and said nervously.
Hearing Lynn say that, Taylor and Keith also hurriedly took their bags from me.
“We… We aren’t relying on Kazuma, okay?”
Oh, tsundere mode.
As the Rookie Killer seemed like it wasn’t coming back,  we hiked up the mountain path and came to the downward slope area marked by Taylor’s map.
This seems to be the place where the goblins were sighted.
Taylor turned to the side.
“Kazuma, how is it? Any reaction from Enemy Detection?”
Of course. There were plenty.
“There are a lot hiding around that corner. There is no sign of the Rookie Killer from the way we came from.”
But the reaction was too many. It wasn’t just ten or twenty.
So many that I couldn’t count them clearly.
“If there are many, then that must be goblins. The goblins live in groups.”
I looked uneasily at Keith who was putting it so easily.
“I’ve never fought goblins before, but are there really supposed to be this many? How many are there in a normal group? I’m sensing way too many for me to count.”
Maybe it was because she saw how I looked, Lynn was also starting to get uneasy.
“Hey, are there really that many of them? Since Kazuma said so, why not peek at how many there are, and go in when…”
As Lynn was saying that.
“No problem, no problem! How could we let Kazuma hog the spotlight! All right, let’s go!”
Keith shouted as he charged around the corner down the slope where the goblins were.
Taylor followed behind, and both yelled.
“Woah! So many!!”
When we heard their yell, Lynn and I turned the corner, too.
– There were way more than 30 goblins.
So these were the famous goblins! I see, they were tiny imps!
Their height was about that of a grade schooler, but all of them had a weapon and faced our way.
It was a little intimidating.
Seeing that, Lynn tensed her face and yelled.
“Didn’t I tell you!? I already told you! Didn’t I say we should peek and see how many there were!!”
Taylor took a step forward to protect Lynn and the archer Keith.
“There would normally be only a dozen or so goblins! Damn, if we run back, we might get caught between them and the Rookie Killer! There’s nothing to this, let’s do it!”
Hearing Taylor’s shout, Lynn and Keith had solemn faces as they prepared to attack.
The goblins saw the situation and let out weird screams, charging at us along the mountain path!
“Chi, chi, chi! Chi-, chi-!”
We set up our formation on the slope.
“Ouch! Shit, I’m hit by an arrow! Hey! There’s a goblin archer! Lynn, cast wind-defense spells, quick!”
“Lynn is still chanting, she won’t make it! Everyone, try to dodge!”
As Taylor and Keith were shouting.
“Wind Breath!”
I shouted beginner wind magic and blew the arrows coming at us away.
“Ka-Kazuma! Good job!”
As Taylor lifted his shield and shouted his praise at me, Lynn’s magic was completed.
“Wind Curtain!”
At the same time, wind blew around us.
Indeed, this was magic!
This was the proper way for mages to cast support spells!
It must’ve been a spell that could deflect arrows.
As I was moved thinking ‘This was a real mage’, I shouted.
“With this terrain, this will work! Create Water!”
I chanted Basic Magic, creating large amounts of water with lots of mana.
The water flowed down the slope before Taylor.
“Kazuma!? What are you…”
As I listened to Lynn’s doubtful voice, I shouted,
“Freeze!”
I used all my might to use beginner ice magic!
“Ohh!!”
The other three shouted in surpise; the ground beneath the goblins’ feet was frozen.
I used this tactic against the Demon King’s General. The goblins slipped on the ice and fell everywhere.
Taylor stood firmly on dry ground, effortlessly slashing at the goblins who were struggling to stand.
We might even make it through without injuries!
I drew my sword and stood beside Taylor…!
“Taylor! We’ll handle the goblins trying to get back up! Leave the goblins staying at the back to the ranged attacks from behind!”
I shouted a little happily as I felt the emotion of working together with teammates.
“W-Well done Kazuma! Hey, let’s go everyone! The numbers are no longer a problem, let’s finish the goblins!”
“Hahaha, isn’t this easy! Watch me shoot holes through them!”
“I’m going! I’ll cast my powerful magic into their midst!”
With heightened emotions, we attacked the goblin group!
On our way back after finishing off the goblins…
“… Hahaha, I’ve never heard of anyone using magic in such a way! Is basic magic really that effective?!”
“Really! I was taught at the magic academy that Basic Magic was just a waste of skill points! Haha, hahaha, what’s with that!”
“Wahaha, oh my, this is the first time I enjoyed hunting goblins this much! Ara, I thought we were doomed when I saw that large tribe of goblins!”
We talked about the battle just now as we returned to town, walking along the mountain path.
They were still chatting about that fight with heightened emotions.
“Hey, the battle’s over, hand your bags over. Shouldn’t those with the weakest job, adventurers, carry the luggage?”
I teased them with a smile.
“Ah, sorry, we were mean to you and I apologize! I won’t look down on you again just because you’re an adventurer!”
“Sorry, Kazuma! Anyway, why is the one with the weakest adventurer job the most active! This is too strange!”
“Hey, Kazuma, give me the luggage! You’re the MVP today, so I’ll help you carry them!”
Seeing the three of them flustered, I burst out in laughter.
Seeing me laughing, the three noticed I was joking and laughed too.
Ahh, this was nice.
This felt like a real adventuring party.
“Ugh… That hurts…”
Taylor frowned as he applied pressure to his arm.
Taylor, who got hit by an arrow in the battle just now, pulled it out.
“Hey, are you alright? I can learn recovery magic on the spot, but there are no antiseptics here, so it’s better to not seal the wounds before going back to town. Do clean the wound in town.”
Hearing me say that casually, Lynn and Keith gulped for some reason.
“Kazuma, you can learn recovery magic…?”
“Recovery magic… Our team finally has someone who can use recovery magic…”
Taylor cut the two of them off.
“Hey, stop it. Kazuma has somewhere to return to. He has a team that’s full of top-tier job holders… Really. Now I understand why Kazuma is the leader in a party of top-tier job members.”
Taylor said as he smiled at me.
Even I myself was not sure why I had to take care of the problem children in my party, but Taylor seemed to know why.
I ought to ask him next time.
We got down the mountain and walked onto the vast plains leading to town.
– And we remembered.
We realized that there was something we needed to be careful of.
“Hmm? Is there something charging at us?”
As expected of an archer, his eyesight was great.
The first to notice was Keith.
After that, Enemy Detection went off.
We noticed–the black beast running at us while we were in the middle of the grassy plains at dusk.
“Rookie Killer!”
With my shout as the cue, the four of us ran towards town.
“Ha… Ha…! Damn it, we have to face that in the end!”
Keith cursed while panting.
“Hah, hah… Oh no, it’s catching up!”
As if she was answering him, the teary-eyed Lynn said through heavy breaths.
The Rookie Killer was right behind us.
There was still some distance from town. We wouldn’t make it if this continued.
At this moment, Taylor who was running in front turned and took a stance with his sword.
“Lynn! We’ll get caught if this goes on! Escape to town with Kazuma! I’ll stall it, and Keith will support me! Get help once you reach town!”
“Oh!? Th-Th-That’s right! Le-Le-Leave it to me! Kazuma belongs to another party after all, but he performed the best! It’s our time to shine!”
Why are you saying such cool lines?
Don’t say things like ‘Leave this to me, you guys go first!’.
“I-I understand! Let’s hurry, Kazuma!”
Lynn called out to me as she took my hand and prepared to run.
– But even if it was just for a day, I was still part of this party.
There’s no way I could abandon them and escape by myself.
The Rookie Killer was right before us.
Its target was Taylor, who was blocking its way.
“Hey, wait Kazuma!? Aren’t you running!?”
I flicked off the hand grabbing me as Lynn uttered in a panicked voice, baffled by why I was just standing there. I chanted in a soft volume, careful to not let the Rookie Killer notice.
“Create Earth!”
A small amount of dirt appeared on my palm.
“Hey Kazuma! It’s dangerous, run!”
I ignored Keith’s flustered voice, crushing the dirt in my hand, positioning myself behind Taylor stealthily.
“Warghh! Bring it on, fur ball!”
Taylor roared.
The Rookie Killer pounced on Taylor.
“Wind Breath!”
I aimed the dirt in my palm at the Rookie Killer and chanted.
Howl!
The Rookie Killer was hit in the face with the dirt; its eyes irritated by sand, it fell onto the ground.
It couldn’t see, but it still growled at us.
Howl!
“Wait!? Huh!?”
Taylor and the others didn’t understand what was happening.
“Hey, now’s our chance! Run!!”
– A short distance from town.
We couldn’t feel the presence of the Rookie Killer anymore.
I heard it was a cunning monster, so it wouldn’t have chased us all the way to town.
“Did, did we lose it?”
Taylor asked in a rugged breath.
“Hah… Hah… I, I think we did?”
Lynn stopped and kept checking behind her.
“… Huff… Huff… Fuhehehe…”
Keith couldn’t take it anymore and let out a soft laugh.
Hey, what’s up with him, did the fear make his mind break?
– But as if they were influenced by Keith’s laughter.
“Ha… Ha, hahaha…!”
“Aha… Ahahaha… Ahahaha!”
Before I realized it, I was laughing along with them over the fact we escaped in the face of a strong adversary.
“Hey, what was that, man?! Kazuma, what did you do!? Wahahaha!”
Taylor patted my back strongly, but that impact felt nice.
I happily knocked back at Taylor’s armour.
“It’s Basic Magic, Basic Magic! It took me a lot of points, but as an adventurer, I could learn Basic Magic! Wahahaha!”
“How could there be such an adventurer! Ughahaha! My belly, it hurts from laughing! Alive, we encountered the Rookie Killer and lived!”
“Unconventional! This man is unconventional, in all sorts of ways! How high is his ‘intelligence’!? Hey, Kazuma, let me see your adventurer card!”
I did as Lynn said and gave her my card.
“Ah… Hmm? Intelligence is normal. The other stats too… Oh, what the!? This person’s luck is very high!!”
Hearing what Lynn said, the other two also looked over.
“Wah, what is this!”
“Oh, hey, was the quest proceeding smoothly because of Kazuma’s luck? Both of you, pray quick! You might receive some blessing!”
No, I think this had nothing to do with luck.
The counter lady also said that luck wasn’t necessary to live as an adventurer.
And if my luck was good, I wouldn’t need to form a party with those people, yeah.
But after Taylor finished, the three of them put their hands together and prayed to me.
“Please, please don’t do that, don’t pray to me… How about getting some coffee instead? I can create clean water and fire too.”
I took out the mugs as I smiled at the three of them.
By the time we reached the doors of the adventurer’s guild, it was already midnight.
Apart from claiming the reward for the quest, we also needed to report the appearance of the Rookie Killer.
According to Taylor, since the goblin group was wiped out, the Rookie Killer would wander away from human civilization and look for a new goblin group.
“We’re here! That felt like a big adventure today!”
We listened to Lynn’s words with a smile and pushed the door of the guild open–
“Boo… Boohoo… Hoo, boohoo… Ah, Kazumaaaaa…”
Seeing the wailing Aqua, I gently closed the door.
“I genuinely understand how you feel, but please don’t close the door!”
Opening the door, I saw the crying face of the man who picked on me this morning.
I think his name was Dust, the new leader of Aqua and the others.
It was a terrible sight.
Megumin was carried on Dust’s back, and Aqua was carrying Darkness who had lost consciousness and was showing the white of her eyes as Aqua wailed.
Looking closely, there was a huge bite mark on Aqua’s head, and she was covered in saliva or something.
“… Eh, what happened? No, I pretty much get it, so I don’t really want to hear it.”
“Listen to me! Listen!! It’s my bad, all right? You know, I asked everyone what skills they had when we left town. So, this kid told me she could use Explosion and I praised her for her abilities. And she said, ‘Let me show you my power’, and suddenly used all her mana on an empty grass plain to cast her explosion spell…”
I plugged my ears pretending to not hear Dust who was complaining to me.
“Hey, listen to me! After that, we encountered the Rookie Killer! Maybe it heard the explosion and rushed over. And the important mage was down at this critical juncture. I already said we should flee, but that Crusader charged at it despite not having armour, and the result was…”
“Hey everyone, this guy will probably report the incident with the Rookie Killer to the guild, let’s eat something and rest. Cheers to the formation of the new party!”
“Yeah!!”
Hearing what I said, Taylor, Keith, and Lynn exclaimed with joy.
“Wait! I apologize! I can kneel before you or anything, but please let me return to my original party!”
I sympathized with Dust from the bottom of my heart, and said to him.
“Work hard in your new party from now on.”
“I was wrong, all right!! I’ll apologize for this morning, so please forgive me!!”
“Let’s go to a dungeon tomorrow.”
“Don’t wanna.”
“You have to.”
Because Megumin tried to run, I grabbed her as I dismissed her protest.
It has been a week since I was decapitated.
My body has recovered to combat condition, so I raised this suggestion to my companions who were gathered in the guild. Unfortunately, Megumin seemed to hate dungeons.
“Don’t wanna don’t wanna, I’ll lose my reason for existence if I go to a dungeon! If Explosion magic that might cause the dungeon to collapse can’t be used, I’ll become a normal person!”
“You haven’t forgotten what you said when you joined the party, have you?! Wasn’t it something like, ‘I’m willing to carry the luggage or anything when exploring dungeons! Please, don’t throw me away!’”
When she heard that, Megumin whose sleeve I was grabbing lowered her head in resignation.
“Sigh… I understand, but I’ll really be useless, all right? I can only do things like carrying the bags…”
Megumin’s resigned expression had a hint of unease.
To soothe her, I said:
“Don’t worry, you just need to follow us until the entrance of the dungeon. If we meet any dangerous monsters on the way to the dungeon, I’ll be relying on you to repel them with magic, all right?”
“Hmm? Just the entrance? Will that really be fine?” Megumin questioned with a baffled expression.
“By the way, why did you suddenly want to go to a dungeon? If you want to explore dungeons, the party needs a thief, all right? How about Chris? I haven’t seen her around the guild lately.”
Aqua, who was resting her head on the table, lazily said.
In the week before I recovered to combat readiness, this girl had been hogging the warmest spot in front of the fireplace in the guild every day. She was either drinking or lazing around.
When I asked her ‘Are you of legal age to drink’, she replied ‘Don’t use Japanese laws in this fantasy world.’
It seemed that in this world, you could drink no matter what your age was. You were responsible for any consequences that occurred when you drank.
“Chris said she was really busy. She said the senpai who took care of her in the past was pushing all sorts of troublesome matters to her. Seems like it’ll be some time before she comes back. But she taught me Detect Traps and Disarm Traps which are necessary for dungeon exploration. Chris said the type of monsters in dungeons won’t change because of the seasons. That’s why I thought of going into one and giving it a try.”
After finishing the quest with Taylor, I didn’t do anything for the whole week.
Hunting Snow Sprites and goblins raised my level by three. Aside from Detect Traps and Disarm Traps, I also learned another skill.
Trap detection and disarmament seemed to be dependent on agility and luck.
My agility might’ve been average, but I have incredible luck, so it should work out.
Considering how I kept getting associated with weird people and getting into debt, my so-called high luck was probably the joke of the year.
Darkness, who seemed to have just gotten her armor back from the shop, was enthusiastically polishing it.
Darkness suddenly looked this way.
“Um, please wait a while more. My great sword broke during the fight with Winter Shogun. I have ordered a new sword, but it’ll take some time to finish. I can’t be considered a combatant right now.”
“You were never a combatant, so that’s not a problem.”
“!?”
Tears started flowing down Darkness’s flushed cheek. She was probably feeling half excited, half sorrowful.
She still had half-excited emotions left, so talking to her again was just asking for trouble.
So, I decided to continue.
“I’ll properly explain things so that there are no misunderstandings. The one infiltrating the dungeon will just be me, I hope everyone can be my escort on the way there.”
“?”
After half a day’s work, we walked from town to the hills and into the wilderness.
How long did we have to travel in this snowy road with dangerous and annoying tree branches?
A solidly built cabin suddenly appeared before us.
On the cabin was a sign that said ‘Refuge’.
The dark cave that seemed to go on forever was right on the wall beside the cabin.
The cave might look naturally formed, but if you went further in, you would see a tidy set of stairs that descended all the way to the depths.
The dungeon was named ‘Keele’s Dungeon’.
– A long time ago, there was a genius Archwizard named Keele who fell in love with a daughter of a noble house.
The mage, who devoted his whole life to magic and had no interest in love, fell for the lady at first sight during a stroll through the streets.
Of course, this love didn’t bear fruit.
After all, the difference in status decided many things in this world.
The mage, who understood this well, worked even harder in his magic training and research to forget about his love.
As the years went by, he eventually became the strongest Archwizard in the nation.
He didn’t hold back in bringing happiness to the country through his use of spells, and was praised by all.
And so, the mage was invited into the castle, to a banquet that was held in his honor.
The king said to the mage that he wanted to reward him, and was willing to fulfill one wish of the mage, with no restrictions.
The mage said he had a wish that would never be fulfilled.
– What the Archwizard Keele wished for, no one knew.
It was only known that after this, the Archwizard kidnapped the daughter of the noble clan, built a dungeon and refused to come out.
What happened next was a mystery.
But thinking about it, even if a mere mage built a dungeon to fend off any pursuers, he wouldn’t have been able to defend it for long.
And now, few people know the story behind the construction of this dungeon. The dungeon became a good training ground for novice adventurers to cut their teeth on.
At the entrance of Keele’s Dungeon, I looked back at the three people behind me.
“All right, I’ll go alone from here on. The three of you just wait at this refuge for me. If I’m not back within a day, go back to town and ask for help from Taylor’s group… That said, I’m just scouting the place out, so I should be back soon.”
Darkness crossed her arms and said:
“Are you really going solo? It’s preposterous to challenge a dungeon by yourself. I heard what you said Kazuma, but I think with my armor clanking loudly just by walking, it would be useless for me to follow…”
Well, this was the first time I went solo.
“Me too, I would just be a burden if I follow… Think it over, Kazuma.”
Megumin worriedly said.
“No problem, I’ll go with you!”
And Aqua suddenly said something unnecessary…
“… No, don’t follow me. I said I’ll be moving alone.”
I explained to Aqua once again what I told them on the way here.
“With the archer skill Farsight that Keith taught to me, I can see things in the dark. I’ve already tried this before. Even if there’s no light source and total darkness, I can still gauge the distance, where items are placed and their shapes. So, if I go alone, I don’t even need any light. The monsters that target adventurers with a light source won’t be able to find me.”
But if one could enter a dungeon solo just with these skills, all the archers in the entire world would’ve done that by now.
But–
“By the way, I also have the thieving skills Enemy Detection and Lurk. So, I can walk in the darkness, confirm the layout, detect enemies and avoid them. Lurk allows me to tide over danger when I can’t avoid them just by sticking close to the wall… Probably.”
Only this point couldn’t be confirmed without testing.
Even though I was going to explore a dungeon, it didn’t mean I took on a quest to clear the dungeon.
If I couldn’t get money after defeating the monsters, avoiding battles would be the best option.
Avoiding the monsters, taking the treasure and leaving.
Even though I felt it was something tomb raiders would do, this was one of the few privileges of adventurers who could cross the barrier of jobs and learn all sort of skills.
At a time like this, I should use one of the few advantages I had.
I took out the scent-removing spray I bought at the guild which was effective against monsters who are sensitive to smell.
The monsters in the dungeon were probably used to the darkness.
Which meant that apart from vision, the other senses of the enemies should be superb.
Such as their sense of smell or hearing.
For this part, I could only pray that I’d  be able to detect the enemies before they noticed the sounds I made.
If I encountered snakes which could detect heat or bats that use echolocation, I wouldn’t be able to do anything about it. But I heard from the people at the guild that there were no such monsters in this dungeon.
I already did my homework and obtained intelligence of the monsters inhabiting the dungeon from the guys at the guild.
I just died last week after all.
Even though I wished to meet Eris-sama again, dying so many times would be unacceptable.
I sprayed the scent remover on my body.
I didn’t know how effective it was, but it was better than nothing.
Furthermore, when I used Lurk after encountering the Rookie Killer, it sniffed the air around it before reluctantly leaving.
Which meant that the Lurk skill had the ability to make things like scent less obvious.
Yes, it would work. It probably would.
And this was just an experiment. It would be great to obtain results, but it was fine even if it failed.
The dungeon I was challenging this time was considered low tier for my level.
After confirming the best ways of exploring dungeons, I could challenge more difficult dungeons to earn money.
And it was a dungeon that was just half a day’s journey from town.
The dungeon had probably been picked clean by the other adventurers.
So I wouldn’t be at a disadvantage even if I encountered enemies in the dungeon.
“I’ll be going then. It’s cold here and you might encounter monsters, so go back to the refuge and wait.”
I waved goodbye to everyone and headed toward the entrance of the dungeon.
– At this moment, I heard someone following me.
Aqua stood behind me as if it was only natural.
“… Didn’t you hear what I said? It’s more convenient for me to move alone. It’s dark in there, so you can’t do anything even if you follow.”
After hearing my words, Aqua leisurely laughed.
… I really wanted to punch her.
“Hey, Kazuma, have you forgotten who I am? Archpriest is just my mortal disguise. Come on, say it–although Megumin and Darkness still don’t believe me–come, tell me what my job is!”
“Goddess of poverty?”
“No, I’m the goddess of water! You could’ve at least said I’m the goddess of banquets!”
It really doesn’t matter what goddess you are. What was this woman trying to say?
“I’m a goddess after all; my eyes have the power to see through everything. Before Kazuma was reincarnated, I accurately told you the cause of your death, right? My powers have weakened after coming to the mortal world, but I still have a couple of godly powers, you know? I can’t see through everything right now, but there’s no problem in seeing through the dark!”
Seeing Aqua puffing her chest out arrogantly, I felt uneasy.
To be honest, I had no idea what moronic things this woman would do and it worried me.
What to do, how should I turn her down… At this moment, Aqua said to me:
“The monsters in dungeons are usually undead. Those fellows would be attracted to the life force of the living. This means the Lurk skill is useless against undead monsters. This problem can only be solved if I come along, right?”
Her words only increased my uneasiness.
I didn’t know how long I walked on the stairs that extended from the dungeon entrance.
Even after walking in the dark for so long, there was still no passageway in sight.
It was a dungeon for novices, so I thought it would be small. This would probably take longer than expected to explore.
Still, the purpose of this dungeon run was to test if the thief skills would be useful here.
To be honest, my method was wrong in the eyes of people who explored dungeons properly.
As I felt the aura of ease from Aqua behind me, I continued descending the stairs.
“Hey, Kazuma, is your night vision fine? My divine eyes can see the ugly posture of Kazuma walking timidly down the stairs. Tell me if your night vision isn’t working well, okay?”
It was hard to tell if Aqua was really worried or just picking on me.
“I can see clearly; your useless posture that hesitates every time you take a step down is shown plainly before me. Treat this as my request, please don’t fall down.”
I turned back and saw Aqua smiling without a care in the world.
“Really, my field of vision is so clear that I can run away if there’s any danger. Do tell me if any monster approaches us. I’ll watch our backs, so don’t touch my butt, all right?”
“Don’t worry, I don’t care about your butt. Let me tell you what I’m thinking–I’m seriously considering the ways to abandon you in the deepest parts of the dungeon.”
Aqua and I stood still and looked at each other’s faces.
“How mean~ Kazuma keeps making jokes like this! Hehehe!”
“Silly Aqua. I was serious just now. We’ve been together for so long, so you should know when I’m serious~ hahaha!”
As we chatted, we finally reached the end of the stairs.
It was pitch black, but thanks to the night vision skill, the walls and layout of the dungeon were clearly visible.
The objects in the darkness had a green and white outline; it was like seeing a thermography.
After the stairs, there was a left and right route.
And I immediately noticed something after getting off the stairs.
“… What is this?”
Although I had night vision, I could only see a green silhouette, and couldn’t tell the original color of the object.
Right, the outline looked like a decomposing human body…
……
“Wahhh!!”
It was the decomposing corpse of an adventurer.
Was it someone who attempted to challenge the dungeon alone, or a person who had been abandoned by his companions after dying?
I didn’t know what happened to it, but it was certainly the remains of a person.
Aqua came to the side of the corpse.
“… This corpse is about to become an undead monster. Kazuma, wait for a moment.”
After saying that, Aqua started mumbling something like a prayer, and the corpse emitted a faint light.
She was probably guiding the lost spirit to the afterlife, preventing it from turning into an undead.
If she acted like this more often, she would probably have more believers.
But to think we would encounter a corpse right after the stairs. My heart wouldn’t be able to take it if this went on.
If Aqua wasn’t here, I probably would’ve turned back.
“But, puhehe! This is too stupid, pushing himself to challenge a dungeon alone–Puhah! Hahaha!”
Okay, I’ll definitely give her some time to think on her own after reaching the deepest part.
… Something seemed to be coming this way.
With my Enemy Detection skill, I sensed hostiles approaching me and stopped.
It was probably the sound of us talking or the light from Aqua purifying the corpse that attracted them here.
I looked at Aqua and pointed in the direction where the enemy was coming from, then pointed my thumb in the other way, gesturing her to escape.
“What, what? Why are you making weird gestures suddenly? Want me to perform hand shadows? Then give me a light. Foxes and bunnies are out of fashion, let me show you the shadow of the Mobile Fortress Destroyer.”
“No! And what’s this Destroyer?! I’m just signaling to you that the enemy is coming, so we should run this way! Damn it, they spotted us! Hey, help me fight them!”
I felt awkward for screaming at her so loudly.
I drew my sword in the darkness and slashed at the small humanoid monster that came at us!
“… Hmm, I don’t know what this is. I can see the shape, but not the color, so I can’t tell. Hey, do you know what this is?”
The corpse of a small humanoid monster was on the ground.
Aqua looked at it and said:
“This is a low-tier demon called a Gremlin. The magic in dungeons are more powerful than the surface, so weak demons like this appear sometimes.”
I see, there was this name in the list of monsters I might encounter, given to me by the guys at the guild.
… I suddenly noticed something.
“Hey, let me ask you, can you really see clearly in the dark?”
Hearing my question, Aqua said with an ‘obviously’ expression.
“My vision now is no different than in broad daylight. What is it?”
……
“So, when we were sleeping in the stables together, you saw everything?”
“I didn’t see anything. Because when I heard fap, fap, fap, your back was facing me.”
“… Thank you for your mercy Aqua-sama.”
The scent of the Gremlin might’ve attracted other monsters, so we quickly moved on.
The Aqua today was different from her usual self.
Yes, totally unlike the Archpriest she usually was.
She wasn’t the goddess of banquets or poverty, either.
“Lost souls wandering the cold dungeons, rest in peace. Turn Undead!”
At this moment, she looked just like a holy goddess as she purified the undead with wide-area spells.
– As for me, I underestimated the dungeon.
The combination of night vision and Lurk was useful during dangerous times.
And they were effective towards most monsters.
But, as Aqua said, for the undead that had been wandering the cold dungeon for a long time, living beings shone very brightly.
In the short time since we encountered the Gremlin, she had purified a lot of undead.
If I was alone, I would’ve been surrounded and beaten to death by the mobs of undead.
I really didn’t know we would encounter so many undead-type monsters in dungeons.
I could only reflect on my naivety.
Aqua, who finished her purification, breathed out in relief.
“Thanks, Aqua, you’ve been a great help. It would’ve been dangerous if I had come alone.”
Aqua who heard my praise wasn’t humble at all.
“Hmm? You’re finally seeing me in a new light…? Anyway, where are the treasures? This dungeon has been explored so many times, so I’m not expecting much either.”
We had reached a rather deep part of the dungeon.
It was deep, but this dungeon only had one floor, so it didn’t mean depth as in further underground.
But, this was quite vast.
Aqua who claimed to be able to see as clear as day in the darkness, marked the wall with chalk whenever she reached a corner.
Normal adventurers making a dungeon run would be tensely watching for traps, lighting torches and marking the way as they proceeded cautiously.
But for us who could see in the dark, we could reach deeper with me at the front scouting for enemies.
We could’ve retreated after confirming that this exploration method was feasible. But since we came all the way here, we still wanted to get some treasure or something valuable before leaving.
After ensuring the room ahead didn’t have traps or the presence of an enemy, I entered cautiously as if I was walking on thin ice.
Looking around the room…
“… Tch, there’s nothing good here.”
“Hey, Kazuma, the way you were exploring and that line you said made me feel like we are tomb robbers.”
Don’t say it, I have that feeling too.
I felt a bit guilty when I thought about the people who challenged the dungeon head-on.
“…? Hey, Kazuma, there seems to be something there.”
Aqua found something in the corner of the room.
We went over and found…
“Hey, that’s a treasure chest! That’s great Kazuma, we were right to explore the dungeon!”
I hastily restrained Aqua who was happily charging towards the treasure chest.
“Hey, wait, wait. Don’t you think it’s weird for a treasure chest to appear in the dungeon where tons of people have explored…? Hmm, as I suspected, Enemy Detection is responding.”
And of course, the response was coming from the treasure chest before us.
I see, so this was the legendary fake treasure chest.
“Ah… So it’s a Dungeon Mimic. It’s unfortunate, but it can’t be helped…”
Aqua threw something at the chest as she spoke.
It was the empty bottle of the scent remover I used earlier.
The bottle drew an arc in the air and fell toward the ground near the treasure chest.
The moment the bottle hit the ground, the walls and floor around started shaking, and the treasure chest opened a gigantic mouth to swallow the bottle whole.
The walls and floor that appeared to be part of the dungeon were squirming. It seemed to be chewing the bottle it just swallowed.
“H-How disgusting! What is that!?”
I thought she said, ‘Dungeon Mimic’.
“As the name of the monster implies, it cannot move, but part of its body can mimic the form of a treasure chest or money, luring the prey to take the bait. It’ll sometimes take the form of a human, and hunt the monsters that prey on men.”
It even ate monsters, how terrible!
Speaking of which, the guys at the guild did mention the Dungeon Mimic.
I heard you could detect it easily with the Enemy Detection skill, but this was too…
Seems like the rules of nature applied to the creatures in dungeons too.
It wasn’t easy to live in this world.
“Turn Undead!”
Under the magic of Aqua, the body of the zombie disappeared.
I lost count of how many monsters were defeated.
Before me was still a thermographic scene, and I was thankful for learning Farsight.
If we had advanced with a torch like normal, I would’ve probably cried if we encountered a mob of zombies.
After getting attacked by a large group of undead, it wouldn’t be surprising if it left any psychological scars.
“… Hey, isn’t this weird? There are too many undead here. A party without an Archpriest wouldn’t be able to subjugate the dungeon, right? And we haven’t found any treasure yet. Let’s forget it and go back.”
This was a dungeon for novices to grind.
But I couldn’t imagine how the novices would handle the surge of undead.
Despite casting magic non stop, Aqua didn’t seem tired at all.
She was a goddess after all.
But even Aqua couldn’t keep it up forever, so maybe it was time to retreat.
“You’re right. We didn’t find any treasure, but I’m satisfied after purifying so many undead… Hold on a minute, the scent of the undead is still lingering here.”
My Enemy Detection wasn’t even triggered, seemed like Aqua was in great condition today.
We had reached the end of the dungeon, but Aqua was still sniffing the air like an excited cat.
Detect Trap and Enemy Detection still didn’t have any reaction.
But since Aqua who was in excellent condition said so, there was probably something behind this wall.
Aqua and I split up to investigate the wall, scrutinizing it for ten minutes or so.
Just as we thought about giving up…
… A part of the wall suddenly turned sideways, opening a gap.
We didn’t do anything. It appeared to have been opened from the inside.
A low and vague sound came from the other side.
“Is there a priest amongst you?”
There was a simple bed, a cabinet, a table and a chair in the room.
The person was sitting on the chair beside the bed.
An oil lamp was placed on the table.
“Good morning, this is the first time we met. Though, I don’t know what time it is, so should I say ‘Good evening’ instead?”
I could only see the silhouette with my skill.
After greeting us, that person lit the oil lamp with magic.
The oil lamp illuminated the person who was in the dark. He was a skeleton covered in dried skin, with a long robe draped around him.
“I’m Keele, creator of this dungeon. I kidnapped the daughter of a noble. That’s right, I’m an evil mage.”
– A long time ago, there was an Archwizard named Keele who fell in love with a daughter of a noble clan during a stroll through the streets.
Keele, who knew this love wouldn’t bear fruit, devoted himself in his magic training and research.
As the years went by, he eventually became the strongest Archwizard in the nation.
He didn’t hold back in bringing happiness to the country through his use of spells, and was praised by all.
And so, the mage was invited into the castle, to a banquet that was held in his honor.
The king said to the mage that he wanted to reward him, and was willing to fulfil one wish of the mage, with no restrictions.
The mage said he had a wish that would never be fulfilled.
And that was the happiness of the one he loved, who had suffered so much.
“After making this wish, I kidnapped that lady,” Keele proudly said.
“…Which means you’re not an evil mage, but a good one? To get on the good side of the king, the daughter was offered to the king as a concubine. But she wasn’t loved, and didn’t have a good relationship with the queen and the other concubine. And you said something like, ‘Since you don’t want her, give her to me’, right?”
After hearing this, the bones in Keele’s throat area rattled, as if he was laughing.
“That’s the gist of it. Afterwards, I proposed to the lady I kidnapped, she accepted me. Then I eloped with her while fending off the army of the kingdom… Ahh, that was fun. Oh, by the way, the one on the bed is her. How does she look? Isn’t the curve of her collar bone is beautiful?”
I looked in the direction Keele pointed at and found a skeleton placed on the small bed.
… What was with that?
Aqua who was beside me looked at Keele with shining eyes.
She probably couldn’t wait to purify him.
“And so, I have a request for that lady over there,” Keele suddenly said.
“Request?”
Hearing my words, Keele nodded–
“Could you send me to the other world? This lady should have the power to do so.”
Aqua chanted every line of her spell clearly.
The former archmage placed his ‘hand’ on the ‘hand’ of the lady lying on the bed.
Aqua said that the lady had moved on with no regrets.
Although the magic circle just needed to fit Keele alone, Aqua was really into it, and so the circle not only encompassed the bones of the lady, but the entire room as well.
Keele was heavily injured in a fight to protect the lady. To guard her till the very end, he abandoned his humanity and became a lich.
It might not have been proper to say this, but I think that turning into a lich that way was really cool.
Perhaps it’s because I saw Aqua bully Wiz before, but I felt that this lich here was really manly.
After becoming the concubine of the king, the lady didn’t have many chances to go outside. She was suddenly the enemy of the state and toured the entire world to escape capture, and spent the last moments of her life in this dungeon.
Despite the lack of freedom while on the run, she didn’t have any complaints, and smiled happily instead–That was what Keele said.
“Did I make her happy?”– He asked himself.
“Ah, that’s a big help. A lich can’t do something as ridiculous as committing suicide after all. I was quietly waiting for myself to decay when I felt a powerful holy aura, so I woke from my long slumber.”
In the gentle magic circle that covered the entire room, Keele said amidst laughter.
Aqua finally finished her chanting.
And using a gentle expression I had never seen before, she smiled at Keele.
… Who is this girl?
As I was wondering if I saw an illusion, Aqua said gently to Keele:
“Archwizard Keele, you have forsaken the laws of the gods and became a lich by your own conviction. In the name of the goddess of water Aqua, I absolve you of your sin… When you wake up, you will find yourself before a goddess with unnaturally large breasts named Eris. If you don’t mind the age difference between you and the one you love, or if your relations aren’t between a man and a woman, and if you wish to meet her no matter what form it may be in… You can try asking Eris. She will make your wish come true.”
Seriously, who the hell is this girl?
Just as I was feeling uneasy about Aqua’s uncharacteristic behaviour, Keele bowed his head deeply in this room illuminated by light.
“Sacred Turn Undead!”
– The light dissipated, and the room was enveloped by darkness once again.
The lich and the remains of that lady (for some reason) had disappeared without a trace.
Aqua and I were silent in the heavy atmosphere.
I slowly told her:
“… Let’s go back.”
On the way back to the surface, I kept talking to the silent Aqua despite the darkness and risk of being discovered by monsters.
“Hey, will that undead meet the lady again?”
“… Who knows. Eris will probably do something about it.”
Aqua replied coldly, so I could only softly acknowledge.
After that, I tried to squeeze out a bright voice to change the topic.
“Anyway, that lich was a nice guy. He said money is useless to him and gave us all of his fortune. I don’t know how much it’s worth, let’s split it equally when we get back to town.”
Aqua’s shoulders suddenly shuddered.
“… That’s right. We have to use this money properly for his sake too.”
Aqua’s voice was louder than before, and more energetic too.
……
To lighten the mood further, I decided to ask the question I was saving for when she regained her vigor after reaching the surface.
“Hey, Aqua, that guy said something earlier.”
“… What?”
Aqua was still a bit depressed.
“… That person. He said he woke up after sensing a powerful holy aura. Could it be that the reason we encountered so many undead monsters in this dungeon was because of you?”
“!?”
After hearing my question, Aqua turned stiff.
In the end, she squeezed out a sentence:
“I-I-I think… It shouldn’t be… Probably?”
She gave a rather vague answer.
“… When the Dullahan attacked, his undead knights seemed to be very attracted to you..”
“!?”
Aqua shivered again. I quietly pulled away from her.
Seeing me pull away, she kept drawing near.
“Hey, Kazuma, you can’t stay too far away from me, all right? Don’t you think we should be closer to guard against monster attacks? Al-Also, with Kazuma’s half-baked night vision, you won’t be able to see the exit I marked with my chalk!”
Hearing Aqua say that, regret flashed across my face for an instant.
“Hehehe, that’s how it is! There’s no way you can leave me behind here! In this situation, we’re ants on the same rope… Actually, no, without me who can tell the path back and fight off undead, Kazuma won’t be able to return by himself! The situation is in my favor! If Kazuma understands the situation, address me as Aqua-sama from now on, and spread word of my elegant performance in the dungeon to the people in town…!”
As Aqua was shouting.
From the darkness of the dungeon, the howl of a beast could be heard.
It was probably attracted by Aqua’s voice.
After confirming with Enemy Detection , I sensed something charging this way.
“……”
I leaned against the wall silently, activating my skill to blend into the darkness.
“Hey, wait Kazuma! Wait!? Don’t abandon me! Sorry, I’m sorry, it’s all my fault! I’ll apologize, so let me hide too! Please Kazuma! I beg you, Kazuma-sama!!”
“… I can probably guess what happened, but allow me to ask anyway. What the hell happened?”
That was the first thing Megumin said to us at the cabin.
“Wahhh! Kazuma, he! Kazuma, he wahhh!”
She stroked the head of Aqua who was sobbing behind me to console her.
“Don’t blame me, this is because you attracted all the undead! You didn’t even reflect on it when we were returning! I’m taking back the high evaluation I gave you earlier!”
“But but–that’s just the way I am, I can’t help it! What do you expect!? Drop my holy aura to the same level as a hikiNEET like Kazuma!? If that really happens, all Axis devotees over the world would cry…!”
“You’re not reflecting at all! Go visit the dungeon and find the treasures that the lich and lady gave us, and learn something from those two! Let them teach you how to live properly!”
“Damn hikiNEET, how dare you ask a goddess to learn from a lich!”
I pushed Aqua who wanted to strangle me aside. At the same time, Darkness asked:
“… The lich and the lady?”
I fended off the wailing Aqua and I explained the gist of our trip.
“From what Aqua said, that lady had no regrets and properly passed on. What was the hard life on the run to her? That lich was still wondering if he blessed the lady with happiness. But from the way I see it, she was undoubtedly blessed.”
Hearing my casual comment–
“… Of course she was happy, it’s obvious that she was blessed. I dare say her life on the run was one of the happiest times of her life.”
Darkness said something that seemed to have hidden meanings with a somewhat lonely smile.
I brought Aqua along with me to a certain place.
I left Darkness at the guild, so we could get a good quest if there was one.
Megumin went somewhere early in the morning.
She would disappear like that sometimes. I wonder where she goes?
– The balance in our party was bad.
The good points were obvious.
Aqua was excellent as an Archpriest, Darkness, the tank in our party, was tough, and didn’t really require healing magic.
Megumin’s instant damage output was higher than most other mages, and could often resolve the problem with one spell.
But the current issue was the need for reliable damage output.
And thus, I had to learn skills and fight. However, I had the weakest job, ‘adventurer’, so I wouldn’t be strong no matter how hard I worked.
I wanted offensive skills.
And so, after I had leveled up in the dungeon run a few days ago, I came to this store.
“All right, we’re here. Listen Aqua, let me be clear, don’t make a mess or act violently. And don’t use any magic, understand?”
This was a tiny shop that sold magic items.
Aqua looked at the sign of the shop and confusedly tilted her head.
“Hey, why are you restricting me from this and that? I’ve been meaning to ask you, but do you think I’m a delinquent or a bandit or something? I am a goddess, you know? A holy being.”
I dragged Aqua who was complaining nonstop and opened the door of the shop.
The bell on the door rang crisply, announcing our arrival to the owner.
“Welcome… Ahhh!?”
“Ahhh!? You finally showed up, damn undead! You dare set up shop here!? A goddess like me must sleep in the stables, but you can open a shop? You’re getting too full of yourself, lich! I’ll burn your store down in the name of the gods!”
I used the hilt of my sword to knock on the head of Aqua, who was running amok despite my reminder.
Ignoring Aqua who was sulking in a corner with her hands on her head, I greeted the frightened owner.
“Yo, Wiz, long time no see. I came to visit.”
“… Hey, doesn’t this shop know how to serve tea?”
“Ah, sorry!! I’ll bring it now!”
“Don’t serve her tea! I’ve never heard of a magic item shop that serves tea to its customers!”
I stopped Wiz from following the orders of Aqua, who was picking on her.
This was my first time in a magic item shop, so I toured around it, toying with the merchandise.
I picked up a small bottle.
“Ah, that’ll explode on strong impact, so please be careful.”
“Ah? Seriously!?”
I put the bottle back in a panic.
I reached for another bottle beside it…
“Ah, that one will explode if you open the cap, so…”
I placed that bottle back gently, and picked up the one besides it.
“What about this one?”
“It’ll explode when it touches water.”
“… How about that one?”
“It explodes when heated…”
……
“Does your shop only sell explosives?!”
“No no no! All the explosive bottle series just happen to be on that rack!”
Ah, right, this wasn’t the time for this.
I didn’t come here to buy magic items.
I ignored Aqua who was drinking the tea she was pouring for herself and cut to the chase.
“Wiz, you mentioned this before, right? You said you can teach me some of the skills of a lich. I have some skill points now, so could you teach me something?”
“Puu!”
“Hyaaa!”
After hearing what I said, Aqua spat the tea in her mouth all over Wiz.
“Hey, what are you thinking, Kazuma!? The skills of a lich? You say you want to learn a lich’s skills!? I was wondering what you said to her after taking this woman’s name card! The skills of a lich are all evil! It would be bad if you learned such skills! Listen, liches are basically the relatives of slugs that like dark and wet places.”
“How, how mean!”
Hearing Aqua’s definition, Wiz was in tears.
“No, I don’t care if liches are the relatives or siblings of slugs–it’s normally impossible to learn skills from a lich, right? I feel that if I learn these skills, I might be able to increase the combat potential of our party. You should understand that with our current powers, we can’t handle powerful foes or a large number of enemies, right?”
“But… As a goddess, I can’t stand my servant learning the skills of a lich…”
Aqua was still complaining after hearing my words, but relented.
Hearing Aqua’s grumbles, Wiz asked hesitantly.
“‘As a goddess’…? Um, I was almost destroyed when you used Turn Undead… Could it be, you’re a real goddess?”
Ah, crap.
If you wanted to ask what the real identity of Aqua was, a monster like a lich would know best.
As for me, I still doubted at this moment whether Aqua was a real goddess.
“You could say that. You probably won’t spread this around, so I shall tell you. I’m Aqua. That’s right, the goddess revered by the Axis Sect, Aqua. Mind your manners, lich!”
“Eek!”
Wiz made a face of terror I had never seen before and hid behind me.
For liches, an existence like a god was like their nemesis.
“Hey Wiz, I know that undead and goddesses are akin to oil and water, but you don’t need to fear her that much.”
I consoled her, but Wiz said:
“No, I don’t mean it that way… I heard that the Axis cultists have mental problems, so it’s best not to get involved with them–that’s part of the common sense of the world. And she said she was the goddess of that cult, so I…”
“What did you say!?
“Sor-Sorry!”
“… Sigh, the topic isn’t progressing at all…”
I chased Aqua to the side, letting her browse the items in the shop.
She obediently shopped around, picking up some potions randomly and sniffing inside.
I kept an eye on her as I continued talking to Wiz.
“Speaking of which, I heard recently that Kazuma-san’s party defeated Beldia-san.  That Beldia-san was a powerful swordsman among the Demon King’s Generals, you know? You guys are amazing.”
She said that with a gentle smile…
Hmm?
“‘That Beldia-san’? It sounds as if you were acquainted. Did you know each other because you’re both undead?”
In the face of my query, Wiz said in an idle manner.
“Ah, I didn’t make this clear before, I’m also a General of the Demon King’s army.”
She said with a giggle.
……
“Catch her!”
Aqua who was browsing the merchandise suddenly pounced on Wiz!
“Wait! Aqua-sama, please let me explain!”
Wiz who was pinned down by Aqua wailed.
Aqua wiped the sweat from her cheeks and reported her victory.
“This is great, Kazuma! We can clear our debts now! Not just that, we’ll become rich! Nevermind renting a place, we could even buy a mansion!”
Aqua joyously shouted.
I squatted down and looked at Wiz who was subdued by Aqua.
“Hey Aqua, let’s hear her out… Um, what does being a General mean? If you are a spy of the Demon King, as adventurers, we can’t let you off…”
After hearing this, Wiz explained in tears.
“That’s not it! I was asked by the Demon King-san to maintain the barrier to the Demon King’s castle! I’ve never harmed anyone before. You won’t get any rewards for defeating me!”
Wiz’s words made me and Aqua look at each other.
“… I don’t know what you’re saying, but we should play it safe and destroy you.”
“Wait a moment, Aqua-sama!”
Wiz screamed again.
I hurriedly stopped Aqua who had started chanting.
“Eh, what do you mean? Is it like the cliché in video games, where the main character opens a path to the Demon King’s castle after defeating all the Generals? And Wiz is the one in charge of maintaining that barrier?”
“I don’t know what video games are, but that’s it! It was the Demon King who requested this of me. Because I didn’t want to stop running a shop in human territory, the only thing he asked me to do as a General was to maintain the barrier! He said no one would suspect that a General of the Demon King would set up a shop in a human town, so the barrier would be safe!”
“Which means humans can’t attack the Demon King’s castle if you’re alive. This will give us plenty of trouble. Kazuma, let’s do away with her.”
Upon hearing Aqua’s words, Wiz wailed.
“Wait, please wait! With Aqua-sama’s power, you could easily break through the barrier created by 2 or 3 Generals! But there are 8 Generals in the Demon King’s army, so there will still be 6 Generals even if you defeat me. Even Aqua-sama can’t break through the barrier of 6 Generals! If you want to attack the Demon King’s castle, you’ll have to defeat the other Generals. I beg you, please don’t kill me before you take out the other Generals…! I have some things I need to take care of…”
Facing Wiz crying from under her, Aqua made an awkward expression.
She would glance at me every now and then, observing my condition… Did she want me to make the decision?
“Eh, I think that should be fine. Even if we defeat Wiz now, the barrier would still be intact,  and the barrier can only be dispelled after all the Generals are defeated. But with Aqua here, we could break through the barrier without taking out all the Generals, right? Then we’ll just need to wait for someone to take out the other Generals other than Wiz.”
To be honest, I didn’t think an immature party like ours could do anything to the Demon King’s Generals. And I didn’t plan to do something that dangerous.
Even if we didn’t do anything, someone like Sword Master Mitsurugi and his magic sword–people who were transported here with blessings–would kill the other Generals of the Demon King’s army.
But, if Wiz was here, the barrier would be intact and they couldn’t get to the Demon King.
So, before we get strong enough to defeat the Demon King, it would better to maintain the status quo.
Wiz, who didn’t see through my despicable schemes, smiled after hearing my words.
“But, would that really be okay? The Generals of the Demon King are Wiz’s acquaintances, right? Won’t you get angry at us for defeating Beldia?”
Wiz pondered for a moment and said:
“… Beldia-san and I weren’t on great terms… He rolls his head under my skirt to peek at me whenever I took strolls. There’s only one person who was on good terms with me among the Generals, and that person probably won’t die so easily… Also–”
As Wiz spoke, she–
“As of now, I have decided to live as a human.”
– had a lonely smile.
“Eh, well then, I’ll display all the skills I have once, take note of anything you want to learn. You let me go the previous time too, so consider this as a sign of my gratitude…”
After Wiz finished, she seemed to be thinking of something, and looked back and forth between me and Aqua with a panicked face.
“What is it?”
Wiz looked at Aqua timidly.
“I can’t use my skills without a target. Which means… If no one can be my target…”
I get it, so that was why.
“Hey, Aqua, do it.”
“Ah? A mere undead wants to use her skills on me?”
Facing Aqua’s intimidation, Wiz took a few steps back in fear.
“Eh… How about the skill Drain Touch? Ah, I’ll just drain a little health! For Kazuma-san to learn this skill, I just need to drain just a tiny bit to show the effect, and he’ll probably learn it!”
Wiz explained in a panic. Aqua showed a devious smile.
One was a powerful lich, the other a goddess. Both were powerful people.
But looking at the two of them, I couldn’t tell which was the goddess, and which was the lich.
“It’s fine, no problem. Drain as much as you like, come!”
Aqua extended her hand.
Wiz timidly took Aqua’s hand…
“Um, excuse me… Hmm? What’s happening?”
I didn’t understand what was happening, and it was a surprise to Wiz too.
“Oh, my, is everything okay? Didn’t you want to drain my health and mana? Oh, my, you’re a top-tier undead, but you can’t even use Drain Touch?”
Unlike the arrogant Aqua, Wiz looked as if she was going to cry at any moment.
“What, what’s happening–!?”
It seemed like Aqua was resisting her, not letting her drain any energy.
– I silently slapped the back of her head.
“Ouch! Hey, don’t interrupt me Kazuma! This is a battle between a lich and a goddess! I’m an elite amongst the goddesses, how could I let her drain me so easily?!”
“Come on, I won’t be able to learn the skill like this, just let her drain a little… Sorry Wiz, this girl keeps on finding trouble with liches because of the nature of her job.”
I apologized to Wiz on Aqua’s behalf. Wiz shook her head strongly.
“It’s, it’s fine! It’s, it’s because I’m a lich…”
I asked Wiz to display her skill again.
“Well then, excuse me…”
Wiz took Aqua’s hand and used Drain Touch once more.
Drain Touch seemed to be a skill unique to the undead, capable of draining an opponent’s health and mana.
At the same time, it allowed one to share their health and mana with another.
By using this skill well, we might be able to make up for the lack of offensive power in our party.
After watching Wiz’s skill, I checked my adventurer’s card.
A skill called Drain Touch appeared on the card.
I used my skill points to learn this skill without hesitation.
“Um, Aqua-sama? It’s fine now, could you release your hand… The hand that you’re grabbing is turning numb, please let go!”
“……”
I watched them closely. After Aqua heard what Wiz said, she held onto Wiz’s right hand tightly, using her other free hand to grab Wiz too.
“Ah, Aqua-sama? Um, my hand is hot… Also, it hurts, it hurts! Aqua-sama, my body is gradually… Being purified and evaporating! I’m disappearing, Aqua-sama! I’ll disappear if this goes on!”
“What are you trying to do now?”
“Ouch!”
I knocked the head of Aqua, who refused to let go of Wiz, with my fist.
Maybe it was my imagination, but did Wiz look more transparent?
– At this moment.
“Pardon my intrusion, is Wiz-san here?”
A middle-aged man opened the door and walked in.
“Evil spirits?”
In summary,
The visitor was a real estate agent.
It seemed that all sorts of spirits were appearing in the empty houses.
The visitor even asked around the adventurer’s guild. Everyone said that this was the first time they encountered something like this and didn’t know how to handle it.
Even after posting a quest to subjugate the spirits, new ones would move in right after the quest was done.
“No matter how we exorcise them, the evil spirits keep coming one after another. Nevermind selling the houses, just clearing the houses of spirits is a pain.”
The middle-aged man sighed with a fatigued expression.
So why was he discussing this with Wiz?
Maybe it was the doubt written on my face, the man explained to me immediately.
“Before Wiz-san set up shop here, she was a powerful mage. Whenever the people in town ran into any difficulty, they would seek Wiz-san for aid. And Wiz-san seemed to be the expert on handling undead monsters. That’s why I’m here asking for her help.”
I see, liches are known as the overlord of death after all.
This man probably didn’t know Wiz’s identity, but Wiz was really suited for something like this.
But that man seemed troubled as he looked at Wiz.
“But… Wiz-san seems unwell today. Your face had always been pale, but it’s even more so today. How should I put it, it feels as if you could disappear at any moment…?”
“……”
I stared wordlessly at Aqua who was planning to purify Wiz. She immediately averted her gaze in an awkward manner.
Wiz revealed an awkward smile and patted her chest.
“No problems, leave it to me. We just need to settle the evil spirits in town, right?”
“Ah, no! I wasn’t planning on troubling Wiz-san to exorcise all the evil spirits in town… Just that mansion will be enough.”
“Ah, that mansion. I see…”
Wiz nodded to acknowledge her understanding what the man said… That mansion?
“Leave it to me. I just need to expel the spirits wandering in that mansion, correct?”
After hearing that, Wiz immediately stood up, but sat down again due to the lack of strength.
“Ah, ahhh! Wi-Wiz-san! Forget it, if you’re not feeling well, please don’t push yourself!”
The man hurried over to help Wiz up. Aqua, who couldn’t watch any longer, turned her gaze in an absurd direction; she was getting more embarrassed.
I walked to Aqua’s side, staring at her face wordlessly.
“… This, this quest, please let us take it…”
Aqua couldn’t ignore her guilty conscience and said softly.
“So, this is the mansion.”
It was a mansion in the suburbs.
According to that man, the number of rooms were few for a mansion, but it sure doesn’t look like it.
It was several times the size of a single mansion in Japan, and used to be the villa of a noble family.
But that aristocratic family had abandoned this villa.
As the villa was about to be sold, evil spirits appeared within it.
“Not bad! This place is great! This is where someone like me should be staying in!”
Aqua shouted while hugging a small bag. Megumin also had a bag with her, and seemed to be blushing with excitement.
Living in this villa.
This wasn’t one of Aqua’s delusions.
Because the mansion was huge, there were plenty of evil spirits within. As a result, it had been widely regarded as a haunted mansion.
And the reward for the exorcism was allowing us to stay at the mansion for free, in order to get rid of the bad reputation.
Which meant that after completing this quest, we wouldn’t need to save up our money to get by during the winter.
It was really lucky for us to happen upon such a great opportunity.
“But can we really exorcise the evil spirits? I heard new spirits would keep coming back no matter how much you clear them.”
Darkness who was carrying a large pack said.
Indeed. Going by common sense, finding the reason why the spirits kept coming and resolving the issue was the best strategy.
But the quest we took was limited to exorcizing the spirits.
To be honest, thinking about it in the long term, the longer we dragged on the quest, the longer we could stay in this villa.
“But it feels like this place has not been occupied for a very long time. Didn’t the disturbance of the spirits only happen recently? Could it be, this mansion already had issues before the spirit problem hit the entire town…?”
Megumin said uneasily.
“Yes, but even if this mansion had problems, we’ll be fine. We have Aqua with us, right? No worries, she’s an expert in fighting the undead.”
Even though I felt a bit uneasy while saying that, I still thought her abilities as an Archpriest were very impressive.
… Probably.
“Leave it to me! … Fufu, I can see it, I can see it! With my spiritual eyes, I see the noble, who was fooling around with a maid, and the child that the maid bore, who  was kept here as the illegitimate child of the noble clan! The noble died from illness, and the maid went missing. The young girl left here contracted the same disease as her father, and died without ever seeing the faces of her parents! Her name was Anna Filante Asteroid. The things she liked were her dolls and the stories of adventurers! But please don’t worry, this spirit won’t pull pranks on us. She will not harm us! Ara, she might be a child, but she liked mature things like drinking fine wine. So, prepare some wine as an offering!”
Aqua kept clamoring on like the cunning psychics that appeared on television all the time. I looked at her with the eyes I reserved for a suspicious conman, and asked Darkness and Megumin.
“… Hey, what do you think? I want to ask why this girl knows such unnecessary settings and names… Is she all right in the head? Or perhaps I judged her too hastily?”
“……”
I don’t know if they harbored the same uneasiness as me, but they didn’t answer my question.
– Late at night.
We took off our equipment and settled down in the mansion.
We had settled the distribution of the rooms, and brought our respective luggage there.
Aqua would be staying in this mansion from today onward, so I held on to the faint hope that the evil spirits would be exorcised because of that.
On the other hand, I was worried that her goddess constitution might bring more of them here.
But she was an Archpriest after all, and her real identity was the goddess Aqua.
She wasn’t the type that allowed spirits to do as they pleased in the place she lived.
I took the biggest room on the second floor of the mansion, and slept quite soundly.
“Ahhh!? Wahhhhhh!!”
At this moment, I heard wails coming from Aqua’s room, whom I had placed so much hope in.
“What is it!? Hey, Aqua, what happened! Are you okay!?”
I rushed to Aqua’s room and rapped on the door.
No reply. Judging that something was amiss, I rammed the door open.
Before me was…
“Boo… Wooo… Ka-Kazumaaahhh!”
In the middle of room, Aqua was cradling an empty wine bottle and crying.
… Hey.
“Well, what happened to you? Say something, why are you hugging a bottle? If you made that sound because you were drunk, I’ll wake you up with Create Water.”
“That’s not it! I didn’t drink the wine! This was my precious and valuable wine. I was looking forward to enjoying it after my bath! But it was empty when I returned to my room, ahhh!!”
I decided to go to sleep after a bath.
“I see, good night, see you tomorrow.”
“Ahhh!? Wait, Kazuma! A spirit! This must be the work of an evil spirit! The wild spirits that congregated here, or the illegitimate child that was bound to this mansion! It must be either of these two! I’ll make my rounds around the mansion and destroy all the spirits I see!”
I didn’t know if wild spirits existed in this world, but since Aqua said she would exorcise them, I had no reason to stop her.
“… What happened, what’s with the ruckus?”
“Is something wrong? It’s getting late, so please behave yourself.”
Darkness and Megumin were here too, probably drawn in by Aqua’s wailing.
“This girl said her wine was taken by evil spirits and wants to exorcise them now. I thought about saying, ‘Why would spirits want to drink spirits’. But there were too many things to pick apart, so I didn’t manage to. I think I’ll sleep now, so I’ll leave the rest to you.”
As I returned to my room, Aqua was still lecturing me from behind, but I didn’t mind.
If the spirit was just mischievous to the extent of drinking people’s wine, it would be fine letting it be.
I woke up in the middle of the night, wondering how long I had slept.
The mansion was silent, so it should’ve been late at night.
– I wanted to go to the toilet.
I tried getting up from the bed…
… But my body couldn’t move.
What was happening… Sleep paralysis?
I tried sounding out, but that failed too, only a mumble escaped my lips. I couldn’t call out to Aqua for aid.
I realized how desperate the situation was.
Correction, my need to pee was facing a never-before-seen crisis.
No, I had to endure, I was already an adult!
There were only two situations for an adult to urinate as he pleased:
1) In a special shop, or 2) If you were an old man.
Unable to move my body, I gritted my teeth to hold it in. At this moment, I heard a sound come from the corner of my room.
– Pop.
It sounded really loud in this quiet room.
Hearing this sound, I shifted my gaze to a corner of the room.
In the corner of the room stood a tiny doll of a girl in a dress. Why did she appear here?
“…!”
I gulped unconsciously.
Cold sweat kept breaking out.
What was going on, why did this object appear here?
I didn’t have any recollection of this thing being in this room in the first place. Did Aqua place it here to scare me?
Yeah, that should be it. It had to be it.
That useless goddess; I would take care of her tomorrow.
I pushed the blame onto Aqua and closed my eyes to escape reality.
– Bang.
A sound reverberated through the entire room, and made me burst out into cold sweat.
Yeah, that’s right. It was too pitiful to blame everything onto Aqua.
Yeah, that’s right, that girl also had times when she worked hard, so I should be gentle to her every now and then.
– Bang.
She was a goddess-sama after all, yeah!
Correct, a goddess was living in this mansion.
Evil spirits? Those things would be killed instantly if they met Aqua. Our Aqua was a goddess that could easily purify a lich!
Clank.
Clank.
Clank–!
I’ll apologize to Aqua for the incident in the morning. I was too disrespectful to a goddess. Yeah, I would reflect on it, I would reflect on it.
– Clank clank clank clank clank clank clank clank clank, clank clank clank clank!
Ahhhhhh, I’ll absolutely apologize and turn over a new leaf!
I’ll apologize, so Aqua-sama, please help me!
… I wasn’t sure if my confession and prayers worked, but the sound from the corner of the room stopped.
That was great, there were no such things as spirits after all.
I relaxed slightly.
At the same time, a certain curiosity welled up within me.
– Should I open my eyes?
I wanted to open my eyes, and check on the status of that doll.
But, my instinct or something like a sixth sense was holding me back.
What should I do? I was so bothered by it. It would be scary if I opened my eyes, but it was also scary if I didn’t!
After considering it for a moment, I remembered I couldn’t go to the toilet if this went on.
And so, I made up my mind to open my eyes slightly…
I locked eyes with the doll that was staring at my face.
“Hyaaa!!”
I screamed as if I was squeezing my psyche dry, and swiped the doll away the moment I could move my body.
“Aqua! Aqua-sama!”
I ran barefooted in the corridor toward Aqua’s room.
I could hear something chasing me from behind.
How scary, scary, super scary! What was that, why was this happening?
– Clank! Crack crack crack, bang bang bang!
As I listened to the unpleasant noise behind me, I didn’t even knock and charged straight into Aqua’s room.
I closed the door in a panic and locked it.
A second later, I heard something crashing into the door.
I felt the impact through the door, and hastily looked around the room.
Aqua wasn’t here.
In her place, sitting in the middle of the room in the darkness, was a black-haired girl with blood-red eyes.
“Hyaaa!”
“Wahhh!”
I couldn’t help screaming, and the brunette before me was also shrieking for some reason.
She sounded familiar, and upon closer inspection, I realized it was Megumin in her pajamas.
After Megumin and I screamed for a moment, we regained a bit of our composure.
The banging sound kept coming from the door.
It was too scary, so I didn’t dare to think about what was hitting against the door.
“Don’t, don’t scare me Megumin, I almost pissed myself!”
“That, that’s my line! Why did Kazuma come to this room! I thought Aqua was coming back…!”
Hearing Megumin’s words, I calmed myself down.
“And why were you in Aqua’s room? And where did Aqua go?”
Megumin stuttered:
“Ugh… Eh, there, there was a doll, eh, moving around my room…”
Ah, so Megumin encountered the same thing as me.
“And… Well… I wanted to ask Aqua to protect me… I wanted to ask her to take me to the ladies…”
“… So, you too…?”
Hearing what I said, Megumin seemed to realize I was in the same boat as her.
“Kazuma was chased around by dolls too? I think Aqua and Darkness went out to exorcise the spirits.”
“… Aqua aside, even Darkness… Ah, that girl is a Crusader.”
Darkness might’ve acted that way, but her job was still a Crusader. Crusaders were holy knights that followed the will of the gods.
They might not have been at the level of priests, but they should be able to invoke holy powers.
I didn’t think the muscle-headed Darkness would learn magic skills, but she should’ve been able to do something like offering prayers to gods.
But that meant Megumin and my situation had gotten worse.
As it was too sudden, things like weapons had been left in my room.
Megumin didn’t have her staff either.
Using explosion magic indoors without her staff would be devastating.
As I racked my brain over what to do, Megumin seemed to realize something and said:
“Kazuma, the noise outside the door seems to have stopped. Maybe the dolls aren’t there anymore?”
Ah, now that she mentioned it, yeah, the sound had stopped.
Still, I didn’t dare to open the door.
Aqua could purify a lich easily, so she would not be taken down by a doll.
If that was the case, we could only defend this room until Aqua and Darkness exorcised all the spirits in the mansion.
– But there was another problem.
“Hey, Megumin, please face the door and cover your ears. Excuse me, but I’m going to relieve myself at the balcony…”
I slowly undid the belt on my trousers. To settle my biological calls, I walked toward the balcony…
At this point.
Megumin grabbed the belt of my trousers from behind, not letting me go.
“Hey, what are you doing? Release me, or my trousers and the carpet in this room will be ruined!”
“I won’t let you go! How could I let you relieve yourself! Aren’t we comrades?! Whether it’s the toilet or anywhere, we’ll go together…!”
Megumin said with a serene smile…
“Stop that you! Why are picking this moment to talk about being comrades! Didn’t you say that Crimson Demons don’t need to use the washroom?! How about… Look, there’s an empty wine bottle there, just use that!”
“You said something incredible! What do you want me to use that empty bottle for!? I won’t let you get your way! I can at least guard Kazuma’s back while you pee… That’s why, let’s use the bottle together…”
I felt something wrong when Megumin’s voice became softer, and looked at her.
I found her staring intensely at the balcony window.
… I looked over there with a foreboding feeling.
Was this unexpected, or was this just as expected.
Many dolls were pressing against the window and looking our way.
“Ahhhhhh!”
Megumin and I screamed at the same time and charged out of the room.
“Sniff… Kazuma, are you there? Don’t leave me, okay?”
“I’m here, of course I’m here, I won’t leave you even if the doll comes out, so hurry up.”
After dashing madly along the corridor, we hid in a toilet in the vicinity.
Our bodies had reached their limits.
After I finished, I waited by the door for Megumin.
She’s been talking for a while, maybe because she was worried about me leaving her behind.
“… Um, Kazuma, it’s a bit embarrassing to go to the ladies’ room like this, could you loudly sing a song or something?”
“Why do I have to do something so embarrassing like sing a song in front of the toilet!? And we’ll run into the same situation if we camp outside or visit a dungeon, what will you do then?!”
Although I said that to Megumin, I was feeling quite awkward too, so I sang a song to smoothen the atmosphere.
Speaking of songs, I only knew Japanese songs, so I just randomly hummed an acapella.
“… Um, you can stop now, Kazuma. That was a weird song, I’ve never heard of that melody before. I’ve always wanted to ask… Where are you from, Kazuma?”
“I come from a wonderful nation called Japan that has the custom of singing before the toilet in the middle of the night. If you’re done, then come on, let’s link up with Aqua and Darkness.”
Megumin quietly followed behind me after I casually answered.
Anyway, right now Megumin and I were helpless before the evil spirits.
So, we had to link up with Aqua’s group as soon as possible.
– And then.
As Megumin and I made our way to the corridor from the toilet…
Clank–clank–clank–clank–
When I heard this sound, I shrunk my body.
Megumin beside me grabbed my sleeve and drew near while trembling.
How scary, dolls were scary.
The doll probably wouldn’t kill us, but if you thought about it, being chased by human-shaped dolls wearing western-style dresses in the middle of the night was horrifying.
The shivering Megumin moved her hands from my sleeve, pointed both hands to the front and was mumbling something…!
“Hey, what are you planning to chant! Are you planning to blow the whole house away?!”
I covered the mouth of Megumin who was chanting explosion magic out of fear. I pushed my entire body onto her to stop her from moving.
– Before we realized it, that clanking sound before the door had stopped.
Megumin grabbed my hand with trembling hands and looked up at me.
Damn it, I had to make a stand!
“Megumin, charge out after the door is open. I just learned Drain Touch, so I can absorb some mana from the dolls! Even if the dolls attack me, I won’t die from that!”
Megumin whose mouth was covered by me nodded after hearing my shout.
“Come at me! If you have the guts then do it, evil spirits! My mad dog goddess will teach you a lesson later, ahhh!”
I shouted and knocked the door open. Bang! Something collided with the opening door.
That was great, the dolls that might chase us were sent flying from that blow!
I pulled Megumin’s hand and dashed out of the door, planning to break through in one go…!
“Aqua! Hey Aqua, are you okay!”
As I was planning to run, I turned stiff. Before the door was Aqua, who was squatting down, nursing her face, and Darkness who called out to her.
“Yes, no more problems. There were plenty of evil spirits here. I worked until daybreak.”
After Aqua purified the last spirit possessing the dolls, she said so while looking outside the brightening window.
Even an expert in fighting undead like her took an entire night to dispose of all the spirits in this mansion.
“Hmm, I think we should report this to the guild. Although we didn’t take on this quest in the guild, this is a job for adventurers anyway. We might get some unexpected bounty for exorcising all the spirits in this mansion. I also want to know why there are so many spirits turning up in town suddenly.”
Everyone agreed with Darkness.
I asked Darkness and Megumin to stay in the mansion to tidy up the place, and headed with Aqua to report to the guild.
On the way there, Aqua and I talked about exorcising the undead from the house.
“Speaking of which, where was the illegitimate child you mentioned? Didn’t you say the spirits wouldn’t harm us?”
Aqua hit her fist onto her palm, as if she just thought of something.
“Ahh! That child was present too! Don’t worry, this incident was caused by the wild spirits from other places. I think the one who drank my high-class wine was that illegitimate child of that noble! Hey, Kazuma, could we bill that wine under necessary expenses…”
I ignored Aqua and extended a hand to open the door into the guild.
“Good morning. It’s a bit early, but I have something to report, is it convenient?”
It was early, but the receptionist onee-san was already working.
“No problem, may I ask what is it?”
Aqua and I explained to her how we took a request from the property agent and went to subjugate the evil spirits in the mansion. The receptionist onee-san looked at Aqua’s adventurer’s card and nodded.
By the way, the adventurer’s card seemed to record information and the number of monsters you defeated.
“There are many who are seeking help due to the spread of the evil spirits. Since you’ve successfully repelled the monsters, we should give you some bounty rewards. Thank you for your hard work.”
After listening to her, Aqua and I quietly made a victory pose.
The receptionist onee-san continued.
“Sorry for taking your time, but we’ve found out why the evil spirits were wandering around; here’s the report. There’s a public cemetery in Axel town, right? I don’t know who played a prank, creating a giant holy barrier on that cemetery. The spirits in the cemetery had nowhere to go, so they had to go to town and haunt houses where no one was living in…”
– Aqua’s body shook for a moment and stiffened.
……
“Excuse me for a moment.”
I interrupted the onee-san and pulled Aqua to a corner of the guild.
“Hey, you have some clue, right? Tell me!”
“… Yes. Didn’t Wiz ask me to periodically visit the cemetery to send the lost spirits to the other world? But going there every now and then is a real hassle, right? So, I thought if I chased all the spirits in the cemetery away and let them wander around, they would dissipate naturally over time…”
Aqua seemed to have given up struggling, revealing the truth honestly.
Which meant that because of this girl’s laziness, the spirits had nowhere to go and came to town.
… How absurd. That didn’t make sense no matter how you thought about it.
“… We won’t claim the reward from the guild, understood?”
“… Yes.”
Aqua nodded guiltily.
“After this, we’ll head over to the property estate and apologize, since what we did was just like fraud.”
“… Yes. I’m very sorry.”
After leaving the guild, we decided to go to the real estate shop next…
But I thought we should inform Darkness and Megumin first, so we returned to the mansion and informed the real estate agent who was there.
“Ara ara, I was worried and came to look. I didn’t expect all the evil spirits to be exorcized!”
Seeing the smiling face of that man and knowing how worried he was about us, I couldn’t stand it anymore.
Aqua and I started to explain what happened, and were planning to return the house to that man after finishing the exorcism.
… But.
“I see… But if it’s possible, could you please stay here from now on? This house is too big, and there are more evil spirits here than other places, so it has a bad reputation…”
“We’re very sorry!” ×2
Aqua and I fell on our knees and placed our foreheads onto the ground. The man said in a panic:
“Ahh, it’s fine it’s fine! Please raise your heads. Well then, it’s settled–all of you will stay here for now. To dispose of so many spirits proves that you are powerful adventurers. Providing support for adventurers is the obligation of the citizens in this town. And if you continue to live here, the bad reputation of the mansion would gradually fade away…”
In the face of that man’s generous suggestion, Aqua and I bowed again.
“Ahh, enough, stop doing that!”
There were two conditions for living in this mansion.
Both were a bit strange…
“After finishing your adventures, or when eating dinner, you have to chat about your adventures with your companions… That’s a strange condition, but it’s not very hard.”
I muttered to myself as I squatted in the courtyard of the mansion.
That man made some strange request.
The other condition was–
“Kazuma-san, morning! Are you cleaning the tomb?”
As I was squatting near the tomb clearing the grass, I could hear someone talking to me from behind.
I turned back and saw Wiz who looked much better than yesterday.
“Are you all right? Sorry that idiot gave you so much trouble yesterday.”
“Don’t worry, or rather, it’s great it has been settled this way. She definitely won’t be lonely now.”
Wiz said something I didn’t understand as she smiled at me.
The other condition for living here was–cleaning the small tomb at the corner of the courtyard.
And so, I started weeding the courtyard immediately.
For some reason, Wiz looked very happy seeing me working hard at weeding.
When I was about to invite her in for a seat, Wiz said she needed to tend to her shop and left after bidding me farewell.
What did Wiz come here for?
Did she get worried about us and come to look?
I poured water over the tombstone and cleaned it.
While doing so, I could make out some vague words on the tombstone.
This had to be the name of the person who was resting here.
It was unclear, but I could see the word ‘Anna’.
– Anna… Anna?
Who was that? I thought I heard it somewhere recently…
As I was thinking about it before the tombstone, a shout came from the mansion.
“Kazuma! Lunch is ready, come quick! If you don’t come over now, your food will get cold!”
It was Aqua who was sticking her head out from the window of the mansion, waving and shouting at us.
“I know, wait a moment, I’ll be right there!”
After answering, I used the cloth to wipe the tombstone, cleaning it.
The tombstone displayed the name ‘Anna Filante Asteroid’ prominently.
I’m certain that I heard this name somewhere…
“Kazuma! Megumin says that for every minute you’re late, there’ll be one less piece of fried meat! Take your time, you don’t need to hurry, our lunch will be more bountiful that way.”
“Wait for me, how could you brutes do that?!”
I finished up cleaning the tombstone and ran toward the mansion.
We got ourselves a mansion.
Therefore, the problem of making it through winter that I was so worried about was solved.
And so, our party of four moved in immediately. Even though there were many issues, living under the same roof with members of the opposite sex still made me happy about my new life here.
“Hey, move away, I’m doing some freelance work now. If it’s cold, go back to your room and hide under your blanket.”
But on the first day of our new life, a problem immediately surfaced.
Because powerful monsters were active during the winter, aside from hiding in town, we couldn’t do anything else.
I still wanted to clear the debt soon, so I took on freelance work through the guild to do. But my hands were stiff from the cold, so it wasn’t going too smoothly.
So, I wanted to stay before the fireplace on the first floor’s living room, but Aqua decided to claim it as her own territory, hogging the couch and stubbornly resisting.
“I don’t wanna. Things like blankets become cold when you leave it. If you want me to go back into it, then heat it up in a microwave first.”
“Are you stupid? There’s no such thing as a microwave here! And stop being stubborn, move out of the way! Who do you think landed us into debt in the first place? If you continue to get in my way, don’t blame me if I get rough with you.”
“What, you want to fight? If we’re both unarmed, I’ll have the advantage with my higher stats. The place before the fireplace is my holy sanctuary, anyone who invades it will receive divine punishment, ahhh!!”
After I delivered the divine punishment named Freeze on Aqua’s nape, she screamed and fell off the couch she was hogging.
I sat on the empty couch and put the materials in my hands onto the table.
“Hmph… This is now my territory. If you don’t want to help me with work, be a good girl and play with those two over there.”
I waved my hand at Aqua who was shivering on the carpet to chase her away.
Darkness and Megumin were in the middle of the living room playing a board game; it was something akin to chess or shogi.
“Hmph, witness the power of my army. I teleport my orc soldier to this space.”
“Megumin, the way you use your mage is disgusting… I’ll move my Crusader here, check!”
“Teleport.”
Unlike Earth, this world had the concept of magic. That game which looked like chess had slightly different rules.
I played with Megumin once, but the moment she teleported her king from the board, I made up my mind to never play that board game again.
Suddenly, Aqua who was nursing her nape while shivering seemed to remember something and stood up, taking out her own adventurer’s card and shoving it in my face.
“Kazuma, look carefully at the level column! Right now, I have the highest level among the four of us. With such a high level, I could be considered a veteran! You rookies who are below level 20 know your place! If you understand, then offer the place before the fireplace to the great me!”
I looked at the card she showed me, and her level had indeed received a phenomenal increase.
Right now, it was 21.
Thinking back, she did take out the demon army’s boss Beldia, and she purified a lot of undead monsters in the dungeon. She even purified a lich in the end.
While I was happy over Aqua’s growth, I felt frustrated that her level overtook mine…
… Hmm?
“… Hey, Aqua. Your level did increase, but your stats are the same as the first time I saw them. Why is that?”
“How ignorant, Kazuma. Who do you think I am? Things like stats were already at the maximum from the very start. My skill points were bountiful at the beginning, enough to learn all the banquet party tricks and all the skills of an Archpriest. Comparing me to a normal adventurer is a big mistake.”
I dropped Aqua’s card and crumpled down onto the carpet.
Seeing my reaction, Aqua smiled arrogantly, but I didn’t have time to be bothered with her.
– This meant that no matter how much this girl leveled up, her intelligence would not increase.
I picked up the card, returned it to her and gave up my place for her too.
“Oh? Why did you give up the place so obediently… Kazuma, why are you crying? Did my level exceeding yours give you such a big shock? Why… Why are you patting my shoulders and treating me so gently? Why are you looking at me with eyes of sympathy?”
I ushered Aqua to the spot before the fireplace for her to sit. I lost the drive to work today, so I decided to visit the town for a change of pace.
It has already started snowing in town, and because the weather was cold, few people were walking on the road.
The common sense of this world was to hide at home during winter.
Only brutal monsters were active during this season. The only ones who would go out on quests while wearing armor were the people from Japan who possessed cheat-like blessings.
And those wandering around town when it was so cold were either idle people like me…
– Or the acquaintances of mine such as those acting suspiciously in front of me.
Those two acquaintances were eyeing a shop suspiciously, so I called out to them.
“Keith, Dust, what are you doing here?”
“Woah!”
Hearing me call out to them, Keith and Dust jumped.
They were dressed casually and didn’t look like adventurers.
“Wh-What, it’s just Kazuma, don’t scare us like that. Really, I hate people who use Lurk skills like this…”
When Keith saw it was me, he relaxed and told me that.
But I didn’t use Lurk just now.
“Hi. What’s up? You’re not with those three today?”
Dust looked to my side curiously.
Dust suffered greatly during his time with them, so it was normal for him to be on guard.
“Nope, it’s just me today, don’t worry. Are you that bad with them? I was just bored at home and decided to take a stroll. What are you guys doing here?”
Dust breathed in relief after hearing what I said.
“No, it’s… Because we… You understand? Anyway, it’s fine that they’re not here. Or rather, it’s great that there are no ladies around.”
…?
What did they mean? They wanted to do something that would be inconvenienced by the presence of a lady?
My thoughts were probably showing on my face as Keith said deviously:
“Kazuma who’s usually surrounded by beauties doesn’t need such things, but for lonely men like Dust and me…”
“Hey, wait.”
Keith only spoke halfway when Dust interjected.
And Dust looked at me with sympathetic eyes…
“Keith… This guy’s situation isn’t what you imagined. It might look like a harem at first glance, but it’s not like that… He’s in the same state as us and has endured much hardship.”
He was saying this from his experience.
Ahh, I understood… It seems that this guy had it hard back then…
… All right, even though I was shouldering heavy debts, I should treat Dust to a meal today.
When I was young and I saw my father enjoying his beer, I asked for some and spat it out immediately. Wonderful childhood memories.
– The young me swore to never drink this thing named beer ever again. But after coming to this alternate world, I was drinking beer in broad daylight.
I felt I shouldn’t do this, but the laws and common sense in this world were different.
The laws did not stipulate that drinking was prohibited for those who were underage. Even if something happened, the subject would just be asked to deal with the consequences.
I didn’t think beer was nice to drink, but after forcing some down, I felt light headed.
Because this felt nice, people started drinking beer.
The three of us were drinking in the guild in broad daylight. As we drank, Keith started to complain.
“Sigh– there’s nothing to do this season. I’m bored out of my mind. Oh, Kazuma can really drink. Here, another glass!”
Keith filled another glass for me and laughed out loud.
Keith was the type who would laugh wildly when he got drunk.
“Sigh… When winter comes, I want to stick close to someone… To be honest, I know how hard it is on Kazuma. But even so, I still envy you this season.”
Dust said as he sighed heavily.
They probably had nothing to do during the winter. Other than us, there were many who were in the bar during broad daylight.
Amongst the adventurers, there might’ve been many who wouldn’t lose to me as a hikkikomori.
As I was thinking about that, I asked them about something that interested me.
“Right, speaking of which, what were the two of you doing there just now?”
That’s right, the two of them looked as if they were hesitating while considering whether they should enter the shop in the alley.
It made me curious about what that shop was.
Hearing me say that, the two of them exchanged a look, nodded and…
Keith put down the beer in his hand, while making a serious expression.
“Kazuma, I think you can be trusted. What I’m about to say is a secret among the male adventurers in this town. Kazuma, can you promise to never reveal this secret to your female party members?”
Even though I was taken aback by the heavy atmosphere, I still nodded my head.
Seeing my reaction, Keith nodded as well.
Next, despite the noise in this place, Dust lowered his volume to not let the people around us hear.
“Kazuma, there are succubi operating a shop in this town. You know that they specialize in gifting wonderful dreams to others, right?”
“Please tell me more.”
– I immediately replied to Dust.
Dust whose face was getting red put down his beer and told me:
“There’s a group of succubi living in this town. This type of devil specializes in absorbing the irrepressible lust of humans, which is the energy men use to sustain themselves. Hence, male humans are an absolutely necessary existence for them.”
Yes, you were right.
I listened to every word of Dust carefully.
“That’s why they’ll absorb our energy, but… The male adventurers in this town have a relationship of mutual assistance. Think about it… We’re basically staying in stables. Hence… There are many things that are hard to vent, right? With so many other adventurers sleeping around us, even if you’re in the mood, you can’t do ‘anything’ about it, right?”
“Yes, you’re right.”
I nodded my head furiously.
I didn’t feel guilty at all, but a bead of sweat still fell down my cheek.
Really, I didn’t feel guilty at all.
“But we can’t lay a hand on the female adventurers sleeping near us. If you did that, you would be discovered by the other female adventurers who would gang up on you. Or your target might be hiding a dagger and you would risk getting castrated. Things like that do happen.”
As he went on, Dust’s face turned pale and shivered.
Keith saw his reaction and said:
“Your trauma when you made a move on Lynn has not yet recovered?”
“Sh-shut up! Like I said… At times like this, the succubo comes to mind. When we’re sleeping, they’ll use the chance to show us a wonderful and exciting dream. We’ll be refreshed and they can sustain themselves. And they know how to hold back and won’t absorb so much that we become unable to continue adventuring. I’ve never heard of any adventurers falling into danger because too much of their energy was taken… How about it? Everybody wins, right?”
After hearing Dust’s words, I nodded my head repeatedly.
How wonderful, this was truly a wonderful gift!
The succubus would have no reason to attack humans, and the adventurers in the stables would be able to vent.
This would indirectly contribute to a drop in sexual crimes.
Speaking of which, the security of this town was very good.
In my imagination, adventurers are hot blooded, rough, liked to drink, and would they would pick a fight over anything.
That was my impression all along, but there were few violent incidents in this town, and crimes were seldom heard of.
If everyone was always in sage mode, there would naturally be less altercations.
Truly wonderful! The workings of this world are so harmonious!
I was really touched. Seeing my reaction, Keith said:
“Actually, I only heard about this shop from others recently. We were planning to visit that shop for the first time today, and then we met Kazuma.”
Dust took a large swig of beer.
And then, he said to me:
“And that’s the story… How about it? Want to go togeth-”
“Please bring me with you.”
After leaving the guild’s pub, we nervously went back to the shop in question.
If it was just me alone, I wouldn’t have dared to enter that shop.
But I had reliable comrades now.
Just like the need to muster courage to buy porno magazines alone, it was less scary when you went in a group. It was that kind of strange psychology.
A short distance from the main road, we could see a tiny shop in the alley.
At a glance, it looked like a normal restaurant, but…
“Welcome–!”
The one greeting us was an onee-san with a body all men dreamed of.
Ushered in by the beautiful onee-san with such a tempting body, we entered the shop and found all the patrons to be men.
There were several other onee-sans with alluring figures moving around inside. To be frank, this was causing an urge to well up in my chest, one I could barely suppress.
It was a restaurant, but there were no food or drinks on the table of the patrons.
All the customers were staring at a survey form intensely at their table, concentrating hard while writing something down.
After the onee-san led us to empty seats, she held a menu and smiled at us.
“Dear customers, is this your first time visiting us?”
The three of us nodded.
The smile of the onee-san became more brilliant.
“… Well then, do you know what kind of shop this is, and who we are?”
We nodded in silence once more.
That onee-san seemed satisfied and laid the menu down on the table and said:
“Please place your orders. It’s fine if you don’t order anything either… And please fill in the necessary information on the survey form and hand it in to the cashier when paying your bill.”
We took the survey forms.
Did this mean that the succubus-oneesan would pick the most suitable candidate based on the survey form to service us?
I looked at the survey form…
“May I ask, what’s this part about our own status, gender and appearance in our dream…?”
This part seemed strange.
I could understand the status part, but what was this about gender and appearance…?
“The status part means being, for example, a king or hero in the dream. As for gender and appearance, there are occasionally customers who want to experience how it feels like to be a woman; there are some who want to be a young boy and be forced upon by a strong female adventurer.”
Are the adventurers in this town alright?
But, even these settings could be adjusted.
I see, it was just a dream after all.
Keith timidly raised his hand and asked the onee-san:
“… Excuse me, for the setting of the target, how detailed can we be?”
“It can be as detailed as you wish. Personality, favorite phrases, appearance, how much she likes you, any feature and any figure. It’s fine even if you asked for a fictional character.”
“Are you serious?”
“I’m serious.”
I couldn’t help saying, and the onee-san answered immediately.
That meant, be it that famous girl, the girl I knew; and, that’s right, even my 2D waifu would be fine?
“… Excuse me, but wouldn’t we be violating any copyrights?”
“No problem, it’s a dream after all.”
“I thought so.”
The onee-san answered without hesitation, which put me at ease.
It wouldn’t cause any problems since it was just a dream.
Dust timidly raised his hand and asked:
“… That means, there are no age restrictions on the targets? No, I’m not thinking about any specific age group, but, how should I put this…”
“None, please choose as you please.”
The onee-san answered without a second thought.
I couldn’t help asking:
“Is, is that really okay? What about laws…”
“No problem, it’s just a dream.”
“That’s true.”
There were no problems with just dreaming.
The wet dream service of the succubus was perfect.
The three of us wrote on our survey forms in silence.
Yes, just like the other patrons in the shop.
“Well then, all three honored customers chose the three-hour session. The fee is 5,000 Eris each.”
That’s cheap!
I was taking out my wallet and was shocked by the price.
I couldn’t tell since I had never patronized them, but compared to the ‘specialty’ shops in Japan, this was a bargain.
Onee-san probably read my thoughts from my expression and said:
“…To us, we just need enough money to live on in this town as humans. Apart from this, we just need to absorb a little energy from our customers.”
She said with a faint smile.
Really, there were no other businesses that could bring happiness to everyone.
I had submitted wholeheartedly to their policy which gifted love and care to all.
Now I had to become a regular and aid them as much as I could.
We started worshiping the succubus-oneesan, mumbling:
“Goddess… Ah, goddess…”
“Don’t, don’t act like that, how inauspicious! Well then, please leave the address you’ll be spending tonight at, and what time you plan to sleep. Around that time, the succubus from our shop will go to the side of the sleeping customers and let them see their desired dreams. Please don’t drink alcohol if possible. If you get dead drunk or sleep too deeply, even we won’t be able to let the customer dream.”
After hearing the onee-san’s warning, we left the shop.
It was still evening, but we came to a silent consensus to part ways.
“Well, let’s meet again.”
“Yeah, will do!”
“See you next time!”
The two of them seemed a bit uneasy and anxious to return.
I felt the same way too.
There was still time before it’s time to sleep, but I wanted to return early to prepare for bed earlier.
I didn’t go anywhere else and went straight back home.
“Kazuma, you’re back! Here’s something you should be happy about; tonight’s dinner is going to be splendid! It’s crab! Darkness’s folks sent someone over, saying that if Darkness was going to stay here from now on, they should send a gift, and that’s the super extravagant Snow Crimson Crab! And a magnificent top-class wine too! They wanted to thank us for taking care of their daughter!”
Back at the mansion, Aqua welcomed me with a big smile.
Crab seemed to be a high-class item in this world too.
I never had a proper meal of crab back in Japan, and I never imagined I could eat it here…
“Wahhh… In an impoverished career as adventurers, I never thought there would be a day I would see a Snow Crimson Crab…! I’m glad I joined this party…”
“Is the crab that great in quality?”
Seeing Megumin putting her palms together and praying to the Snow Crimson Crab, I curiously asked.
And so, Megumin, who thought I was being an idiot, raised her fist in an exaggerated manner and made her speech.
“Of course! I’ll give you a simple example, if someone told me, ‘If you want to eat this crab, then you are prohibited from using Explosion’, I would endure it, and wait until I eat my fill before using Explosion. That’s how valuable it is!”
“Oh, that’s impressive… Hmm? What was that last part again?”
As I was chatting about idle things with Megumin, Darkness placed the cooked crabs onto the dining table.
Aqua cheerfully brought four wine glasses over.
After everyone was seated, we took the Snow Crimson Crab…
Snapped the crab legs, took out the meat with white and pink stripes, dipped a bit of vinegar and put it into our mouths.
“!”
– I was surprised by that unusually wonderful taste.
It was slightly sweet, and the strong taste of crab meat spread in my mouth.
I looked at the others, and the three of them were eating crab without making a sound.
No way, I couldn’t stop eating this!
I peeled off the shell and was about to eat the crab paste off it…
“Kazuma Kazuma, use Tinder here. I’ll show you the most delicious way of drinking this top-class wine.”
Aqua, who had eaten the crab paste clean, put charcoal in a small pot, and placed wire mesh on top of it.
Simply said, she made a roasting pot.
I followed what she said and lit the charcoal on fire. Aqua placed the shell that still had a bit of paste onto the wire mesh.
She then poured the clear wine that looked like Japanese sake into the shell.
Aqua happily roasted the shell, picking it up when it was slightly charred and sipped the warm wine…
“Fuu…”
She sighed as though it was delicious.
Her series of actions was like a middle-aged man, but everyone gulped as they watched her, and emulated her actions. At this moment, I noticed.
– It was a trap!
The crab was so good that I almost forgot the succubus-oneesan would be coming tonight.
Didn’t that onee-san say I couldn’t dream if I got dead drunk?
Calm down, I was a man with great endurance.
I had iron-like will and could withstand the temptation.
“This is great, splendid!”
Don’t be tempted!
Darkness’s voice of satisfaction wouldn’t bewitch me!
That’s right, I probably couldn’t stop after drinking that wine.
I would probably just keep going and drink on, thinking nothing else mattered.
With how delicious the crab was, this wine had to be the same.
“Darkness, I want some too! It’s fine, just for today! I want to drink some wine!”
“No, they say those who start to drink when young will grow up and become useless adults.”
When Darkness said that, Megumin looked at Aqua who was drinking happily. Darkness also looked silently at Aqua.
“…? Why are you looking at me?”
I ignored their interaction and endured silently. Darkness looked at me and asked:
“… Are you okay, Kazuma? You’ve never drank before? Or… Does my crab not suit your taste?”
Her expression became uneasy as she spoke.
No, that wasn’t it, the crab was great.
“No, the crab was delicious, there’s no problem there. It’s just that I had a round with Keith and the guys during the day. And I can’t tell the deliciousness of the wine yet, so I’ll pass today… Tomorrow then! I’ll drink tomorrow!”
Hearing me push the issue aside, Darkness said ‘Okay’, and sighed in relief with a brilliant smile.
Don’t do that, don’t smile at me so innocently. You were always saying useless things that turned me off, why did you pick today to be so…!
Well then…!
“Oh–? You think there will still be wine left tomorrow? I’ll drink it all! How could I leave any behind! That’s great, I will drink Kazuma’s share too!”
Damn it, that idiot who refused to change was so infuriating!
Darkness smiled at me again.
“… Hmm, all right. Have more crab then; thank you for taking care of me all this while.”
Hearing her say that, my chest stung as though I had done something terrible to her.
Right, drink with everyone and forget about that.
The succubus-oneesan would have to make an empty trip, but I would just apologize tomorrow.
I would drink with the three of them tonight, and work hard tomorrow onward.
That’s right, it was just the thing I wrote on the survey form turning into a realistic dream, that was all.
And I would not forget about that dream in the morning. That was all.
I looked at Darkness’s and everyone’s faces.
And weighed which side was more important to me.
And I thought about what I wrote on the survey form!
… Indeed, it wasn’t a contest from the very beginning.
After eating my fill of the crab, I stood up.
“All right, it might be early, but I’m retiring to bed. Darkness, thank you for your treat. Good night everyone!”
I returned to my room without hesitation.
After going back to my room, I locked the door and unlatched the window.
They didn’t ask me to leave the windows unlocked, but I decided to play it safe.
They had to make a trip down, it would be embarrassing to give them more trouble.
There were no clocks here, so I didn’t know the exact time. But the time I specified should be soon.
I had to go to sleep before that, but the excitement and tension kept me awake.
Oh no, my heart was beating faster.
Ahhh, what should I do? I was way too excited to sleep!
I didn’t know how long I would be like this.
I got out of bed, thinking of going to the courtyard to exercise and cool my head.
If I moved my body for a bit, maybe I could sleep easier.
As I was thinking about that, I walked out of the mansion in my pajamas and came to the courtyard.
While everyone was sleeping, I used the moonlight and my Farsight ability to exercise in the courtyard.
Standing in the pure white yard, I noticed the tombstone of an unknown person covered by snow in the corner and felt troubled by it.
I walked toward the tombstone and swept away the snow, revealing the name ‘Anna’ engraved on it.
I was satisfied, but was concerned with how sweaty I was.
The succubus would only make me dream, so I didn’t need be so concerned, but…
I still needed to follow the correct etiquette.
Now, when everyone should be sleeping, I headed toward the bathroom of the mansion.
It was the villa of nobles, so the baths were equipped with special magic items.
In simple terms, it was a water heater powered by mana.
The magic item didn’t require a lot of mana, so normal people could use it too.
Perhaps it was due to the mana it drans, it made one feel a bit tired afterwards. But such a tradeoff couldn’t be helped.
I used Tinder to light the lantern in the bathing room, and hung the ‘In Use’ sign outside the dressing section.
I put my clothes in the laundry basket, letting the others know there was someone in the bath.
I was very careful to avoid the scene common in mangas.
Such wonderful developments just needed to happen in the dream I asked the shop to give me.
Since we were living under one roof, I wanted to avoid my relationship with anyone turning awkward.
In such a situation, even if the girl was the one who stumbled in accidentally, the guy would still be treated as the one at fault.
If I was really caught in such a situation, I would resist to the end.
I would scream before the girl did, and accuse her of being a perverted woman.
“But such scenarios only happen in mangas.”
I used mana to create hot water in the bathtub, and soaked my entire body into the water.
Under the dim light of the lantern in the dressing room, I stretched my limbs in the water and relaxed.
I sighed deeply and closed my eyes.
I don’t know how long I was there.
I heard a Clank of something dropping from outside the dressing section and opened my eyes.
I thought it was just my imagination, but I couldn’t have misheard that when it was this quiet.
Did the sign hanging outside the bathing room drop?
I should have hung it properly…
I thought it might’ve been Aqua playing a prank and removing it, but being this late, she should be sleeping.
Ah well, no one would come in this late at night anyway.
My clothes were thrown into the laundry basket and the lantern was lit.
It should’ve been obvious that someone was in the bathing room. As I was thinking about that…
Even though it was inside the mansion, a sudden gust of unnatural wind blew out the lantern.
I felt the presence of someone else, like the spirits appearing in the mansion a few days ago…
But my Enemy Detection skill had no reaction.
… Never mind, even if the light was out, it was no big deal for me with my night vision ability.
The moonlight shining through the bathing room window was bright enough.
As I was leisurely thinking about that…
– I heard the door to the dressing section open.
The sound of the door opening made me jump in panic.
Hey, the timing was too weird.
No, I didn’t know who it was, but that person was holding a lamp.
If that was the case, after seeing the clothes in the laundry basket, she should realize I was in here. Since she was holding a lamp, this meant it wasn’t Aqua who could see in the dark. It was either Megumin or Darkness–
Suddenly, the lamp on that person’s hand was out.
“Wahh! Why did the lamp suddenly…?”
The confused voice from the other side of the glass barrier belonged to Darkness.
“… Oh well, fortunately, the moon is out tonight, so this is…”
As she spoke, Darkness started undressing behind the glass barrier… Hey hey hey!
As I was about to sound out, I realized something.
This was a setting designed by someone.
Otherwise, there was no way this sort of thing would happen.
That’s right, the timing was too good for me, no matter how great my luck was.
… No, hold on.
Before the situation evolved to this stage, I felt sleepy and closed my eyes.
I see now. This meant the current situation was…!
“Hmm… The moon tonight is really…”
Darkness used both hands to push her hair behind her head, and was mumbling to herself when she walked into the bathing room–
And in the dim room, she locked eyes with me who was in the bathtub.
“……”
Both of us were naked of course.
Under the faint light of the moon, Darkness’s skin looked exceptionally white.
I had always thought her body was alluring, but looking at it right now, her figure was better than expected.
Because she trained her body, I thought she would be stouter, but her shape was great…
No, maybe this was the service of the succubus, adjusting her figure to my taste.
Darkness stood there blankly without even covering herself. I lifted a hand and said ‘Hi’ while still soaking in the tub.
Seeing my reaction, Darkness opened her mouth, covered her chest and squatted down onto the floor.
“… Why…? Why, why…? Why, why, why…!?”
“…? What’s the matter, Darkness? Come over here and help me wash my back.”
“?”
I got out of the bathtub and sat on a wooden stool with my back to Darkness. Perhaps because my actions were too unexpected, Darkness just sat there covering her chest, her mouth silently opening and closing.
What was with this Darkness?
This felt refreshing, not bad, as expected of the Darkness created by the succubus.
But why did Darkness appear in my dreams?
Should I have written more details rather than just ‘a beautiful onee-san with a great figure’?
I’ll remember to be more descriptive next time.
“You, you, you, what are you saying!? No, that, why, why are you so calm, and what do you mean by washing your back!? Too many things are happening, it’s overloading my brain…!”
Impressive, it entirely realistic.
Great work Succubus-oneesan! Superb!
“No, now’s not the time to feel moved. I didn’t add the setting of being unwilling, so hurry… No, I did request for a beautiful onee-san with a great figure, a little shy and unworldly. If that’s the case, then she’s acting properly, right?”
“!”
After hearing me talk to myself, Darkness had a panicky expression.
This felt refreshing and nice, but I had to take the initiative to make things progress.
“Can’t be helped. I know your settings are to be naive, but please wash my back now.”
“! Could, could it be… Under such circumstances, me helping you wash your back is common sense?”
Despite falling into a panic, Darkness was still approaching my back hesitantly.
I looked toward Darkness without reservation, and she covered her body and squatted down.
“How refreshing and nice, but please hurry up. It’s hard to restrain myself, in more than one way.”
“You, you little…! Do you understand the situation? If Aqua and Megumin find out about this, what would they say…?!”
“If that happens, let’s just all take a bath together.”
“What’s with you!? What’s wrong with you today!?”
“Hey, you’re being loud. Do you know what time it is? You’ll disturb the neighbors, you know? There should be a limit to how much common sense you lack.”
“Why are you bringing up common sense in such a situation!? Am, am I the one who’s wrong? Because I lack knowledge about the world? Do I lack common sense? Am I… Weird?”
“In a way, you’ve always been weird. No, since this is a dream, being a little noisy is fine… All right, I’ll be troubling you with this.”
“Ugh… Why, why did it become like this… But, ordering me so haughtily, I can’t resist; I really hate my fetish right now…”
Even though she was blushing and murmuring about something, Darkness still came to my back.
With a towel in hand, she knelt behind me, who was sitting on a stool.
Finally, Darkness followed my instructions and clumsily scrubbed my back hard.
“You, you little…! You’re acting just like a middle-aged man today! Done, this should be enough. I can go now, right…?”
Darkness averted her eyes from my bare body and timidly said. She felt so innocent and pure, but I still told her firmly:
“What are you saying. Even with the settings adjusted, you still lack common sense. Don’t you know what to do next? Without using the towel, you…”
“That’s too weird, too weird! No matter how ignorant I am, I know this is definitely not normal!”
– As Darkness was resisting me with her blushing face and teary eyes.
“Intruder–! Everyone come quick! There’s an intruder in the mansion–!”
Aqua’s voice sounded out from within the mansion.
Hey, I was just getting to the good part! I didn’t ask for this to happen!
I grabbed the towel from Darkness’s hands, tied it around my waist and dashed out.
I stole a glance at Darkness. She was still covering her chest with a red face, sitting on the floor while looking up at me with teary eyes.
Damn it, I really wanted to carry on, but that girl was even interrupting me in my dreams. I had to give her a piece of my mind!
When I reached the living room with a towel around me, I saw a succubus girl, seemingly a bit younger than the succubus-oneesan, being pinned down by Aqua.
And Megumin was also there, holding her staff in a menacing manner.
“Kazuma, look! A villain was stopped by my barrier and couldn’t move… Wait, there’s another villain!”
“Who are you calling a villain…! Wait, what’s this? What’s a succubus doing there?”
As I retorted to Aqua who called me a villain just because I was clad in a towel, I realized that there were way too many people here. Something is off.
Or rather, seeing a succubus here was too weird.
“I’ve set a powerful barrier in this mansion. I rushed over because there was a reaction in the barrier, and found this succubus that was trying to sneak into the place! Succubi will attack men, so she must be here for Kazuma! But don’t worry, I’ll perform an exorcism and dispose of her!”
Hearing Aqua say that, the succubus gasped.
This was wrong.
What was this, it was too weird, too strange.
Which meant the Darkness I saw in the bathing room was…!
No, now was not the time for that; I had to deal with the succubus before me!
Setting up a barrier without telling me, Aqua really liked to do unnecessary things. She moved some distance away from the succubus and thrust her index finger at her.
“All right then, accept your fate! I’ll use my super skill for killing devils… Kazuma, you’re a guy, so don’t come too close! The succubus might control you…”
I silently stood before the succubus, took her hand and ran toward the main door.
“Wait, wait! Kazuma, what are you doing? She’s a devil, she’s here to suck Kazuma’s energy!”
Aqua shrieked at me.
Megumin, who was slow to react to my actions, raised her weapon and looked at the succubus with sharp eyes.
The succubus said to me in a volume only I could hear:
“So-Sorry esteemed customer! Please leave me alone, I’m just a monster! I didn’t expect a barrier to be here, but getting to the side of the customers is what we are good at. Things turned out this way because I was too immature and failed to infiltrate. I can’t let the customer embarrass themselves, so let them dispose of me as a random wandering succubus. Customer, you just need to pretend you know nothing at all!”
I turned to face Aqua and the others, hiding the succubus behind me.
I pushed the succubus toward the door.
I then lifted my fist, taking a fighting stance against Aqua and the rest.
“Customer?”
As the succubus was whispering.
“… Hey, what are you doing? I’m a goddess, after all. I can’t let that devil get away so easily. Kazuma, get out of my way if you don’t want to get trashed!”
Aqua frowned and said something that was no different from a delinquent.
“Aqua, Kazuma might be bewitched and under the succubus’s control! Kazuma’s has been acting weirdly for awhile! And he was saying something about dreams and settings, so that’s probably it! Damn, that imposturous succubus, letting me taste such… Humiliation…! I’ll kill her!”
Without drying her hair, Darkness rushed out with only a simple shirt and a tight skirt and shouted at the succubus.
Hearing her shout something so dangerous with teary eyes, I almost took a few steps backward.
“Kazuma, are you insane? No matter how cute she is, she’s still a devil. She’s a monster. Get a hold of yourself, that’s an enemy we need to defeat.”
Megumin looked like she had enough, and said that with a cold gaze and a strong attitude.
Her gaze hurt me a little, but I won’t back down.
I extended my hand behind me and waved at the succubus, gesturing for her to leave quickly.
When she saw me do that, Aqua took a step forward, lowered her body and took a stance.
“Looks like I have to fight seriously…! All right, bring it on! I’ll give Kazuma a good beating and send that succubus to meet her maker!”
She then yelled and charged at me.
When the succubus saw this, she screamed softly.
“Cu-Customer–!”
There were things I couldn’t betray.
And that was the trust my friends had in me when they told me the secret.
There were things I had to protect.
And that was the kind succubus who was willing to satisfy us men when our pitiful lust got roused.
I clenched my fist.
“Bring it on–!”
I let out a determined yell, loud enough to shake the entire mansion.
“……”
I could feel the silent stare on my back as I squatted in a corner of the courtyard.
I was cleaning the tombstone, a job I had been doing everyday recently.
“Hey, say something. Or rather, you were also at fault for going along in the heat of the moment.”
“…! ……”
Behind me, Darkness seemed to have something to say, but swallowed her words.
She had been silently standing with her arms crossed, making it hard for me to work.
Of course, I couldn’t win against the three of them and got my ass handed to me, but I succeeded in allowing the succubus girl to escape.
Darkness thought I was under the succubus’s control, which gave me a way out of that situation.
“… You really don’t remember what happened last night? You were under the control of the succubus, so you forgot everything, right?”
Darkness finally spoke. Seems like she wanted to confirm it.
“Yes. Regrettably, I can’t remember anything. I only remember having a nice dream.”
Since she gave me a way out, I naturally took it.
That was the best for the both of us.
“I-I see. That’s great… Um, it can’t be helped. It was just an accident, so I should forget about it too… But, your attitude was so firm back then… it was a bit scary, but not bad either. But saying strange things to the naive me is wrong.”
“I should say, you’re not a real gullible daughter from a wealthy family, so you should really learn more about the world. No matter how you look at it, I didn’t do anything wrong this time. I lit the lantern and hung the ‘In Use’ sign. If not for the prank pulled by someone…”
“… Wait, you actually do remember what happened last night, right? Didn’t you act that way because you were under the control of the succubus?”
Darkness grabbed my shoulders from behind and violently shook me, but I ignored her and continued cleaning the tombstone.
I didn’t know who pulled that prank, but I was a little thankful for it too.
In the end, we were set for the near future.
With food, shelter and clothing settled, the other problems would be resolved in one way or another.
After coming to this world for so long, I finally got a place to live in.
I should be able to sleep well tonight.
That’s right, if not for that broadcast that shook the entire town and broke the mood–
“Destroyer alert! Destroyer alert! The mobile fortress Destroyer is approaching this town! All adventurers please prepare for combat and report to the adventurer’s guild! The citizens in town, please evacuate immediately–!”
By the time I returned to the mansion, it was full of screams and chaos.
“We need to run! As far away as possible!”
The panicking Aqua said as she ran in circles, knocking over a lot of things.
Megumin, who had already packed her bag, placed it to the side as she sipped some tea with a resigned look.
“There’s no point in panicking now. Since everything including our home will be lost, we might as well challenge the Demon King’s castle directly.”
I was planning to gear up and head to the guild, but was lost for words as I looked at the two of them.
“Hey… What’s with the two of you? The guild issued an emergency broadcast, so let’s put on our equipment and head over.”
After hearing what I said, the two of them finally noticed my presence.
“Kazuma, what nonsense are you saying? Don’t tell me you want to fight the Mobile Fortress Destroyer?”
Aqua was shocked.
She was cradling a pillow with one hand.
Or rather, I just heard the emergency broadcast and had no idea what was going on.
From how tense the broadcasting voice was, I could tell that the thing that was approaching was bad news.
“Kazuma, the thing that’s approaching the town is renowned for destroying everything except devotees of the Axis Cult. The ultimate bounty target, the Mobile Fortress Destroyer. Taking that thing on would be reckless.”
“Hey, why are you speaking about my believers in such a way? Wiz said something like that too, why are you so afraid of my children? They’re all good and normal people!”
Leaving Aqua’s shrieks aside, I still didn’t understand.
I heard this name not too long ago, but what was this mobile fortress thing? From the sound of it, it was probably huge.
“Can’t Megumin’s Explosion take care of that thing? Its name seems to imply that it’s large, so it should be visible from afar. Just blow it away with magic.”
Megumin said in response:
“It won’t work, the Destroyer has a powerful magic barrier. It’d have no problems blocking a couple of explosion spells.”
Just what the hell was this Destroyer?
“Hey, my believers are really good kids! Listen to me, Megumin! The disparaging rumors you hear on the streets are spread by those black-hearted Eris devotees! Everyone beautifies Eris too much, but don’t be fooled, there are times when she behaves unruly! She’s even more unreasonable than me when facing devils, and her personality is rather free spirited! She might even go to the mortal realm to play in her free time! Axis Cult! Please support the Axis Cult!”
“Aqua, you’re not just satisfied with proclaiming yourself to be a goddess, now you’re even bad-mouthing Goddess Eris now. Beware of divine retribution.”
“It’s not self-proclaimed! Can you just believe me–!”
I looked around me and didn’t see Darkness.
“Weird, where did Darkness run off to? She should’ve come back before me.”
I asked Aqua who was shaking Megumin violently with a tearful face.
“She charged back into her room.”
Why were they all fooling around like this?!
I didn’t know what this Destroyer was, but I finally got my hands on a house in this town.
There were more shops I had started to frequent, and most importantly, there was something I needed to do in this town.
It failed because of the barrier Aqua set up, but next time I’ll…!
If it wasn’t for that reason, I would have run off somewhere else where I wouldn’t be bound by debts.
Indeed, the kind devils might not have a chance to set up their business in another town, and even if they did, it might not go as smoothly.
Anyway, I had to ready my gear and head to the guild…!
“… Sorry for making you wait! … Hmm? What is it Kazuma, hurry and prepare yourself. Going by your nature, you’ll definitely go to the guild, right?”
Darkness, who came down from the second floor, was wearing a set of heavy armor I had never seen before.
Aside from her full plate armor, Darkness also put on a heavy cape made of chains, with a detachable shield on her left arm.
But she still wouldn’t wear her helmet despite arming herself up like this. Guess it was something she refused to back down from as a woman.
She didn’t run back to her room to pack her luggage to escape, but to get her equipment.
As expected of a Crusader.
It was impossible for her to abandon the citizens and run away by herself.
“Hey, you two, learn from her! After living in this mansion and town for so long, don’t you have any attachment to it? Hurry, we’re going to the guild!”
“… Kazuma, why are you so hot-blooded today? The light shining in your eyes is too bright. And we’ve only lived in this mansion for just one day…”
“Oh! You’re here, Kazuma! I knew you would come!”
I walked into the guild fully geared, and saw Dust who was also equipped for battle.
“I had faith you would be here too.”
Keith, Taylor and Lynn were beside him.
I surveyed the interior of the guild.
All the adventurers present had put on the strongest armor in mind and rushed here.
They must’ve really loved this town.
It felt as though the ratio of male adventurers seemed particularly high, but that was probably my imagination.
I think that almost all the people I had met before were here.
I could see the wielder of the magic sword, Mitsurugi, in the distance.
He hadn’t noticed me yet, and I hoped he wouldn’t come over to bother me.
Keep a low profile to avoid his attention.
… And so, after most of the adventurers had arrived.
“Thank you everyone for responding to the emergency announcement today! We’ll now start the emergency quest to repel the Destroyer. There are no level or job restrictions, so we hope everyone will take part. When the guild judges the quest to be a failure, we’ll abandon the entire town and escape together. All of you here are the last line of defense for the town. We’re counting on you!”
The staff member loudly announced inside the noisy guild hall.
After that, the staff member pushed the tables in the bar section into the middle of the guild, setting up a temporary conference room.
Oh, the atmosphere was definitely different. How should I put it; it felt pressing and tense.
This meant the Destroyer was bad news.
“Well then, everyone, we’ll start the emergency war council. Please take a seat!”
We followed the instruction of the staff member and sat on the chairs just like the other adventurers.
But, just how many people were there?
The guild was vast, but there were several hundred people gathered here.
Sitting at the table, the other adventurers’ faces could be seen clearly.
… Eh, Mitsurugi noticed us.
He stared at Aqua who was sitting beside me, who has taken to playing with the water in her glass out of boredom.
“All right, I’ll brief everyone on the current situation! Um… First, is there anyone who needs me to explain what the Mobile Fortress Destroyer is?”
Hearing the staff member say that, several adventurers, including me, raised our hands.
The staff member nodded in acknowledgement and began.
“The Mobile Fortress Destroyer is a gigantic golem, built by the magically advanced nation Norse, to fight against the Demon King’s army. Using their national budget and depleting their vaults, they constructed a colossal spider-shaped golem the size of a small castle. Because it utilizes large quantities of magic metals, it’s far lighter than it looks, and can move faster than a horse.”
The Destroyer seemed rather famous, since almost all the adventurers looked as though they already knew about it.
“Worth mentioning is its enormous body and attack speed. Even a large-sized monster would be turned into mush if it got stepped on by its eight agile legs. The torso uses the fruit of Norse’s accumulated technology to project a large magic barrier over it at all times. That means magic attacks are pointless.”
Hearing this part, the facial expressions of the adventurers became gloomy.
They were probably starting to understand how reckless it was to take on such an opponent.
“Spells are ineffective, so we can only attack physically… We’ll be squashed if we get near, so, we can only use ranged attacks like arrows and catapults… But the golem is crafted from magic metals, arrows would just bounce off. As for siege catapults, it would be hard to use them with the speed of the mobile fortress. To guard against aerial attacks from monsters, mid-sized golems are situated on the body of the Destroyer. Those use small ballistae to shoot down objects flying towards the mobile fortress. In addition, combat golems are also garrisoned on top of the torso.”
… Whoa.
“The reason the Mobile Fortress Destroyer went out of control was because the director in charge of developing it occupied the mobile fortress. That researcher is still issuing orders from the heart of the golem till this very day… With its incredible speed and all terrain capability, there are no places on this continent which hasn’t been rampaged by it. As it does not discriminate between men or monsters, the rampaging mobile fortress is known as the Destroyer. Whenever the Destroyer draws near, the official procedure of the guild is to abandon the town, wait for the Destroyer to pass through, and rebuild the town. It’s being treated as a natural catastrophe.”
The adventurers that were chatting noisily moments ago turned silent.
“Right now, the Destroyer is towards the northwest of this town, heading straight for us… All right everyone, please give your suggestions!”
GG.
That was the common gamer phrase which immediately came to my mind.
… One of the adventurers raised his hand and said:
“… Excuse me, what happened to the magically advanced nation Norse? A country capable of creating that thing should be able to build something to fight against it, right? And they might know the weakness of the mobile fortress too…”
“It perished. When the Destroyer went berserk, it was the first country to fall.
“… Any other suggestions?”
The staff member prompted.
And so, another adventurer raised his hand.
“To deal with that thing, we should dig a giant trap near the town…”
“It has been attempted before. A certain place gathered a lot of ‘elemental masters’, summoning the spirits of the earth to dig a big hole, and the Destroyer fell in successfully. Everything was going as planned until this moment… But the Destroyer was highly mobile and jumped right out of the hole. Their plan included throwing down boulders to seal the hole, but they couldn’t execute that in time.”
“……”
A silence descended over the guild.
“… Any other ideas?”
Another adventurer raised his hand:
“How did the Demon King’s army handle the Destroyer? Is the Demon King’s castle safe from its rampage? How did they protect themselves from the Destroyer’s attack? They should be troubled too.”
“Their castle has a powerful magic barrier around it; the scale is beyond that of humans. Right now, the Demon King’s castle seems unharmed, so they have no plans on taking down the Destroyer. They aren’t concerned with wild monsters getting trampled.”
The staff member said calmly:
“Any other suggestions?”
Several other ideas were raised and shot down; the conference was proceeding badly.
Someone raised the possibility of using ropes and climbing tools to assault the fortress, but another person rejected it, stating the speed of the fortress made that impossible.
Someone brought up the idea of building a barricade bigger than the Destroyer. The staff countered by stating an example of the Destroyer going around the obstacle, turning around and flattening the town, returning the hall to silence.
Magic was ineffective, you would get stomped on if you drew near, and aerial attacks would be shot down.
And all its attacks were swift.
I understood now; no wonder Aqua and Megumin wanted to escape.
Perhaps frustrated by the rough pace of the meeting, Taylor, who was sitting beside us, said:
“Hey Kazuma, you’re quick witted, do you have any good ideas?”
He threw me such a curve ball.
It was useless to ask me that…
The only method I could think of was to get Megumin to blast it from a distance, but if spells were ineffective because of the barrier…
……
There was a barrier, so magic was useless.
I turned my head and looked at Aqua who was sitting beside me. She was drawing on the table with the water from her cup to kill time.
“Hey Aqua. Wiz said that with your power, you could break through even with 2 or 3 generals maintaining the barrier, right? In that case, the Destroyer’s barrier should…… Wahh! What’s this–!?”
As I said that, my gaze was attracted to the artwork Aqua drew on her table.
This could certainly be called a masterpiece. It was a drawing of a beautiful goddess playing with a flower in hand…!
“Right, she did say that. But I never tried it before so there’s no guarantee that I can really break the barrier.”
As she spoke, Aqua poured the water from her cup onto that painting without hesitation.
“Ahhh! What a pity! Why did you destroy it?!”
“Why are you shouting? I already finished it, that’s why I’m wiping it away and drawing a new one…”
As we were chatting about these things, the staff member yelled:
“There’s a way to break the barrier?! The Destroyer’s barrier?”
These words made Aqua and I the focus of the adventurers.
I waved my hand hurriedly.
“No, I just thought it might work, she said there’s no guarantee either.”
Hearing my panicked explanation, the entire hall turned rowdy.
And so…
“Anyway, could you please give it a try? If it works, we can attack with magic…! Ah, but low-level spells are useless against that mobile fortress. All the adventurers in this town are novices, our mages are lacking in firepower…”
The staff became troubled again and the place fell silent once more.
At this moment, a certain adventurer pointed out:
“Don’t we have someone with amazing firepower? The one with a screw loose.”
Once he said that, the guild became rowdy again.
“That’s right, the one that’s wrong in the head…!”
“We have that screwy girl…!”
“Hey, stop. If you’re referring to me, then use my name, all right? If not, I’ll prove right here how wrong my brain is.”
Seeing Megumin stand up with her staff in hand, all the adventurers averted their eyes.
Beldia, the General from the Demon King’s army had caused a lot of trouble.
Because that guy said Megumin was a ‘Crimson Demon clan girl with a screw loose’, that became the way the adventurers referred to Megumin.
Megumin who stood up from anger started blushing in front of everyone’s expectant gaze.
“Ughh… Even with my explosion spell, I might not be able to finish it off in one shot…”
She mumbled this and sat down immediately.
In that case, there needed to be one more person.
If only there was one more person with powerful spells…
– Just then, someone opened the door.
“Sorry I’m late…! I’m the owner of the magic item shop, Wiz. Technically, I’m an adventurer, please let me help too…”
The one barging into the guild was Wiz who was wearing an apron on top of her black robes, seemingly in the middle of work.
From her attire, she looked like a girl that came to help in the distribution of emergency food rations.
When the adventurers saw Wiz…
“It’s the shop owner!”
“The impoverished owner is here!”
“Shop owner, thank you for taking care of me in my dreams!”
“The shop owner is here! We’ll win! We’ll definitely win!”
The cheering started instantly.
I knew Wiz was a lich.
But why were the adventurers cheering about ‘definitely winning’?
“Why is Wiz so famous? Why is she so popular? And don’t call her an impoverished owner all right, that’s so pitiful. Is her business really that bad?”
I asked Taylor.
“Don’t you know? Wiz-san was originally a famous mage. She was a renowned powerful Archwizard, disappearing for some time after retirement before suddenly showing up in this town to set up shop. Wiz-san’s business isn’t good because most of the adventurers in this town are novices who can’t afford the expensive magic items in her shop. She would have better business if her shop was in the capital. We don’t need to fight powerful enemies, so we have no use for pricey potions and magic items. Everyone drops by the shop just to see the beautiful shop owner, but nobody really buys anything.”
No, if you guys were there to see her, you should’ve bought something.
“Hello everyone, I’m the shop owner of Wiz’s Magic Item Shop, please take care of me… I’m the shop owner, please visit my shop. My shop is still in the red…!”
As we spoke, Wiz was acknowledging the cheering adventurers.
I-I would buy something next time.
“Shop owner of Wiz’s Magic Item Shop, it’s been a while! On behalf of all the staff in the guild, I welcome you! This way please!”
While ushered by the staff, Wiz nodded at the people around her, sitting at a table somewhere in the middle. After Wiz had settled down, the adventurers looked at the staff member chairing the conference in anticipation.
The staff member answered the hope of everyone and said:
“With the shop owner here, let’s continue our strategy meeting! Since she just arrived, I’ll summarize the current situation… First, the Archpriest Aqua-san will dispel the Destroyer’s barrier. Next the screw… Megumin-san will cast the explosion spell at the Destroyer. That’s the plan so far.”
After hearing this, Wiz placed her finger near her mouth and thought for a moment.
“… It would be better to target the legs with the explosion spell. The Destroyer has four legs attached to its body on either side, so Megumin-san and I will take one side each, is that okay? If we take out the legs of the mobile fortress, it’ll be easier to handle…”
The staff member nodded, agreeing with Wiz’s suggestion.
And as expected of a lich, she could even use Explosion.
That was right, by blasting off the legs, it would no longer be a mobile fortress, and the town wouldn’t be ravaged.
Though it would still be dangerous with the golems on the torso, there would be no need to send people to attack with this method.
After the Destroyer was immobilized, we could just keep watch over it. Megumin could cast Explosion on it once every day, and slowly take it down.
As for the supervisor who was controlling the Destroyer, if we blasted him with magic every day, he might just come out and surrender by himself.
After this, we finalized the battle plan with Wiz’s idea as the core.
But as a precaution, even though it wasn’t effective, we still included the plans to set up traps and barricades in front of town.
“Well then, the plan is to attack the legs with Explosion after the barrier is dismissed. In the event the legs aren’t destroyed, all the vanguard adventurers, please equip weapons such as war hammers and remain on standby around the path the Destroyer will be taking. Be prepared to attack the legs and take them out. The researcher who made the Destroyer is probably still in the fortress, so he might make a move too. To counter that, the guild has prepared arrows with ropes tied to them for the archers to use. Everyone with light armour, please be ready to invade the fortress!”
The staff member chairing the conference finalized the battle plan, giving out instructions to everyone.
Aside from the adventurers, the townsfolk were gathered in front of the town were also working nonstop to construct a temporary barricade.
The boss of the construction company who took care of Aqua and I when we first came to town was among them.
The designated area to intercept the Destroyer was the plains before the main gate of the town.
They knew it was useless, but the adventurers with the relevant jobs still set up simple traps.
Before the obstacle in front of town, a group of ‘Creators’ congregated there in heated debate as they drew magic circles on the ground.
“Hey Darkness. I’m telling you this for your own good, so retreat for now. I know how tough your defense is, but this is still pushing it. It wouldn’t do any good for you to stand here. Just let go of your useless fetish and wait at the side of the road with me, all right?”
Even further in front of the road block was me, desperately trying to convince Darkness who was resolutely standing there.
This perverted Crusader just stood her ground and wouldn’t listen to me.
Darkness stuck her new sword into the ground, resting both hands on the hilt, viewing the distance. She was watching for the Destroyer, which had yet to show up, without moving.
The silent and still Darkness finally said:
“Kazuma… I’ve always acted this way, so it’s only natural for you to think so… But do you really think I’m a woman who would be lost in my own desires even in such an emergency?”
“Of course, isn’t that obvious?”
Darkness paused for a moment, and then continued calmly with a slightly blushed face:
“… I’m a Crusader. And aside from that, I have other reasons compelling me to protect this town. I might share that reason with you one of these days.”
Seeing me nod from the corner of her eyes, Darkness continued:
“I can’t explain now, but I have an obligation to protect the citizens of this town. The townsfolk might not think so, but I believe it to be so. Hence, no matter how reckless this might be, I won’t take a single step away from this position.”
“You’re really stubborn sometimes.”
Hearing me say that, Darkness said with a troubled and uneasy expression:
“… Do you dislike stubborn companions?”
“A certain Archpriest frustrates me when she’s being stubborn, but the stubbornness you’re showing right now isn’t bad.”
I said casually.
“… I see.”
Darkness muttered softly and seemed to relax.
“I couldn’t convince her. To protect that rock headed pervert, we need to complete our assigned tasks.”
I squatted down next to the tense Megumin who was standing by at the side of the Destroyer intercept zone and reported.
“I-I-I understand…! I-I must do my best! I, I-I-I’ll definitely succeed…!”
“Hey, calm down. If things turn bad, I’ll strip her of her heavy armour with Steal and drag her away!”
– I was more worried about…
“Woah, there’s smoke rising out from your head, are you okay? What skill is this? Are you doing party tricks?”
“No, Aqua-sama… It’s because the weather is very good today, so this is what happens after basking in the sun for too long…”
On the other side of the intercept zone, Aqua and Wiz squatted there, chatting about something.
Beside us were adventurers holding blunt weapons such as war hammers. Blunt weapons would be the most effective against golems.
The archers had nocked arrows with a hook at the head and rope tied to the end. They were ready to shoot ropes onto the fortress if there was a need to go in.
– The staff member’s magically amplified voice could be heard throughout the whole plain.
“Attention all adventurers, the Mobile Fortress Destroyer is about to appear before us. Citizens, please evacuate the town! Adventurers, please get ready for battle!”
– Mobile Fortress Destroyer.
It was said to be the same as the Winter Shogun, a name that was casually given by a Japanese gifted with cheat-like blessings.
I wanted to bash them for their cheesy naming sense, but those who had seen the Destroyer before felt the name was a good fit.
From behind the hills in the distance, I could see its head looming.
Along with a faint tremor.
It was light, but the earth was shaking.
“What’s with this, it’s too big…”
Someone was mumbling to himself.
It was large indeed.
Having been in a party with Megumin for so long, I had a clear idea of how powerful the explosion spell was.
That was why I had to ask.
This thing… Could Explosion really take it out?
“Hey, this is way too much. Will it be okay? This is impossible!”
Someone nearby started to panic.
“Create Earth Golem!” ×3
The creators created golems from the earth.
The golems they created formed a row behind Darkness who was guarding the town.
All the creators of this town were novices.
To create bigger, stronger, and more powerful golems, they had to cut down on the active time of the summons.
That was the reason why they waited until the Destroyer was so near to start creating.
“Big! And fast! It’s scarier than I imagined!”
In the face of the enormous object, the adventurers fell into disarray.
“Incoming–! Keep your head down! Don’t move in front of the Destroyer, you’ll get crushed!”
Someone yelled, but frankly, nobody was calm enough to listen.
That was how huge and imposing the mobile fortress before us was…
“Hey Wiz! It’ll work, right? Is it really okay?!”
Some distance from where Megumin and I were standing by, Aqua repeatedly confirmed with Wiz next to her.
“No problem, leave it to me, Aqua-sama. I’m a lich after all, one of the top-tier undead. If Aqua-sama can dispel the barrier, you can leave the rest to me! If we fail… We can return to dust happily together.”
“Are you kidding me? You’re joking, right?”
I couldn’t hear the contents too clearly, but seeing the two of them bicker, I said to Megumin who was standing stiff from the tension:
“Hey, relax. Even if it fails, no one will blame you. We just need to abandon the town and run away then, so don’t think too much about this.”
There was nothing I needed to do, so I said this casually.
“Don’t-Don’t-Don’t worry! I-I-I’ll use Explosion to blast-blast-blast it into dust!” Megumin stuttered.
But this was normal. Not just Megumin, all the adventurers here were novices.
“It’s coming–! Prepare for battle–!”
This voice was probably Taylor.
For some reason, the responsibility of commanding the group and giving Aqua the instructions to release her spell was left in my hands.
The guild’s staff even gave me a voice-amplifying magic item to help me issue commands.
The main coordinator of this battle was me; they said it was my duty as Aqua and Megumin’s party leader.
Taylor probably recommended me to the staff at the guild too.
Before we knew it, the Destroyer was just a short distance away.
If they didn’t entrust the command to me, and if Darkness wasn’t adamant on staying, I probably would’ve already fled.
The Destroyer was a gigantic golem with the appearance of a spider. The top of the Destroyer was as smooth as an aircraft carrier, with a fortress-like structure on top like the residence of a hermit crab. The sides of the torso were equipped with cannons.
– Mobile Fortress Destroyer.
Contrary to its comical name, the mobile fortress the size of a small castle shrugged off the countless traps we had set, noisily moving as it pleased…
“Aqua! Now! Do it!”
Aiming to ravage the town we were residing in, it charged into the intercept zone!
“Sacred Break Spell!”
Aqua cast her spell on my cue.
Complicated magic formations floated around Aqua and a white ball appeared in her hands.
Aqua aimed the ball in her hand toward the Destroyer and shot it out.
When the flying ball of light touched the Destroyer, a giant membrane appeared on its surface to resist the ball of light. But it shattered into pieces like glass shards.
Megumin looked at me uneasily, waiting for my go-ahead.
The membrane that was shattered just now was probably the magic barrier.
If that was so, magic should be effective now.
I shouted through my loudspeaker:
“Wiz, I’m counting on you! Please take out the legs on your side!”
After giving Wiz the instruction, I said to Megumin who was shaking nervously:
“Hey, is your love for explosion magic a lie? You keep talking about Explosion this, Explosion that; it would be ugly if you lost to Wiz. Is your Explosion a joke spell that can’t even blow that thing up?”
“What, what did you say!? What you just said was even worse than making fun of my name!”
The corner of Megumin’s mouth started cramping from anger and she stood up. Her nervousness was nowhere to be found, as she concentrated and chanted her spell…!
As the Destroyer passed by the place we were standing with a bang.
The one known as the strongest Archwizard in the past, and presently a lich who was troubled by the poor business of her magic item store.
And the one known as the ‘explosion girl with mental problems’, who devoted her all to one and only one spell, the top Archwizard of the Crimson Demon clan.
The strongest offensive spells of these two were fired at the bounty target said to be invulnerable.
“Explosion–!”
The two of them fired at the exact same time, breaking all the legs of the mobile fortress.
Having suddenly lost its legs, the mobile fortress crashed into the ground with a big bang!
After its bottom part hit the plains, it slid toward the town with its forward momentum.
But the giant sliding object didn’t hit the barricade placed before the town, stopping right before Darkness who was standing at the very forefront.
The legs shattered into bits with the sound of explosions and rained down onto the heads of the adventurers.
The side Wiz was responsible for didn’t have anything raining down, her explosion having blown the pieces into dust.
On the other hand, there were several large pieces of debris falling here and there on Megumin’s side.
Which meant…
“Ugh… It’s regrettable… As expected of a lich. Seems my level isn’t high enough to win against Wiz’s explosion magic…”
Megumin, who was lying face down on the ground, mumbled, seemingly displeased.
I helped that frail body to get up, and Megumin, who had exhausted her mana, said with a pale face:
“I, I don’t want to lose… Next, next time… I’ll definitely…!”
“Good girl, you did great. Wiz is a powerful lich, it’s normal that she bested you. Just work harder next time. Look, we accomplished our objective, well done.”
I was planning to carry her to a tree for a rest, but the pale Megumin refused to let me go.
“Once more…! Another chance! I’ll definitely prove my explosion is the strongest…!”
“Let, let go, stop that! Don’t pull my pants! I get it, you’re the best in terms of explosion! It must be because of something, that’s right, because your condition wasn’t too good! All right, when you recover your mana, I’ll look at your explosion spell, so rest quietly in a safe place!”
I placed Megumin under the shade of a tree and laid her down. As the other adventurers were dodging the falling debris, Aqua and Wiz came to my side.
As for Darkness, she wasn’t fazed by the falling debris and didn’t move away, her eyes wide open.
When I raised my head to watch the gigantic body of the Destroyer, the fortress remained silent.
When the debris pelting down like rain drops stopped, the adventurers finally calmed down enough to grasp the situation, gasping in awe.
But we wouldn’t need to work so hard if things could be settled so easily.
At a moment like this, we had to be careful with our words, and avoid blurting out the cliché ‘Did it work?’ and raise a flag. We needed to be vigilant, surround the Destroyer slowly, and not…!
“We did it! What’s with that, I thought it would be powerful with an incredible name like Mobile Fortress Destroyer, but what a letdown. All right, let’s go back and have a beer! I wonder how much the reward for taking down such a target would be?”
“You idiot! Why do you like to act in such a clichéd manner!? If you blurt something like that…!”
Hearing what Aqua said, I did my best to stop her.
… But, it was too late.
“…? Wh, what happened, why is there a tremor?”
Wiz, who came over with Aqua, uneasily glanced toward the giant mobile fortress.
The tremor that was shaking the earth came from the Destroyer.
The adventurers were looking up at the mobile fortress uneasily too.
Suddenly.
“This machine has stopped operation. This machine has stopped operation. Unable to expend unused energy and vent heat. Operators, please evacuate from the machine. This machine has…”
The mechanical recording from within the fortress repeated itself again and again..
“Look at what you’ve done! Why do you always have to drag us down after accomplishing something?!”
“Wait! Wait okay! This isn’t my fault! I didn’t even do anything this time!”
As the Destroyer kept on repeating its evacuation order, I gathered all the adventurers in the vicinity.
“Hey, what’s with that announcement? Would it be bad to continue staying here?”
One of the adventurers asked.
I thought so too. Or rather, everyone here felt the same way.
“It’s just a guess, but I think it’ll explode if this goes on.”
When they heard what I said, the adventurers’ expression stiffened.
If such a gigantic fortress were to explode, there was no telling how much damage it would do.
We didn’t even know where the fortress drew its power from, so we couldn’t do anything to stop it.
The only thing we could do was to run away as quickly as possible…
But would the stubborn Crusader in my party be willing to abandon this town and escape?
No, it wasn’t certain an explosion that was big enough to damage the town would happen.
If I could convince that stubborn girl with this excuse, then that would be great…!
“The, the shop… If this goes on, it would be disastrous for the town, the shop will, will disappear…”
Wiz sounded like she was about to cry.
She had to be referring to her magic item shop.
But…
“This machine has stopped operation. This machine has stopped operation. Unable to expend unused energy and vent heat. Operators, please evacuate from the machine. This machine has…”
When the broadcast repeated, someone muttered:
“… I want to attack.”
I don’t know whose voice it was.
“… Me too. I remembered the reason why I stayed in this novice town despite being over level 30.”
… So, there were such people here too.
And I knew how he felt.
“That shop has been taking care of us with its low prices, if we don’t repay them back now, there won’t be a next time!”
……
In the complete silence, the only sounds were…
“This machine has stopped operation. This machine has…”
– I took up the loudspeaker and yelled.
“Those in favor of infiltrating the Mobile Fortress Destroyer, raise your hands–!”
All the adventurers raised their hands without hesitation. The archers pulled their bows and shot their hook-arrows onto the Destroyer!
The archers had a skill called Snipe.
The ability of the skill was to extend the range an arrow could fly and increase its accuracy.
The arrows that were enhanced by skills were not affected by the weight of the hooks and ropes, flying onto the deck of the Destroyer easily.
The hooked arrowhead caught onto the obstacles on the Destroyer.
The ropes tied to the arrows became taut with a pull.
The adventurers grabbed the taut ropes one after another and scaled the Destroyer.
I wanted to tell them not to climb up the rope while wearing armour, which was a superhuman feat. Even if they had such strength, it wasn’t necessary to go so far.
Finally, the first adventurer who climbed up the rope got onto the deck.
He was followed by many others. It was like all their training was just for this day; the morale was sky high.
“Charge–!”
The adventurers were like a bunch of bandits attacking a powerless village as they screamed and flowed into the fortress!
“Wahh… Kazuma, I’m a bit afraid of that group of people… From the looks of things, it should be enough to leave everything to them. Let’s go back, all right? We’ll return for now, and work hard from tomorrow onward.”
Seeing how hyped everyone was, Aqua started to fear the adventurers and tugged my sleeve.
But, I couldn’t do that.
We were comrades, and my comrades were fighting up there.
“How could we go back now, you moron? Can’t you tell how brave the heroes invading the fortress are!? Your job is just beginning. If you don’t want to be treated like a fake goddess, then heal these brave warriors properly.” I told Aqua and followed the adventurers into the fortress.
The archers who fired the arrows had scaled the fortress too.
I said loudly:
“Darkness, your armour’s too heavy, I don’t think you can climb up! Megumin, continue to rest! Wiz, please act according to your own judgement! Aqua, this is your fault, so follow me!”
“Wait! I have nothing to do with this!”
When I grabbed on to a rope, Aqua followed me while on the verge of tears.
Wiz also joined us and climbed up the rope.
After getting up on the deck, what we saw was…
“Surround those golems! Overwhelm them with numbers and topple them with ropes! Hammer them when they’re down!”
Judging from the scene before me, I couldn’t tell who the real invaders were.
Most of the adventurers in town should be novices, but many of the smaller combat golems had already been destroyed by them.
“Asshole! You’re in there, right!? Open the door or I’ll smash it with my hammer!”
“Come out now! Get the one in charge out here right now! I’ll teach you a lesson!”
I looked at the place the shouts were coming from, and saw several adventurers attempting to break open the door of the building. That should be the place where the rumored supervisor of the fortress was shut in.
No matter how I looked at this, we were the invaders.
At this moment…
“A big one’s heading your way–!”
Hearing this sound, I turned my head and saw a combat golem.
It was large and bulky with a humanoid shape, like the robots in the world I came from.
As that golem was moving in our direction, the other adventurers rushed to our side, ready to lend us a hand.
But I had a secret technique against golems.
“Hey Aqua, let me show you something interesting. This should be the best way to use this skill.”
I flexed my fingers and reached toward the golem, my palm facing upwards.
The enemy was a golem.
In that case, it would be stopped by stealing its crucial parts away.
When I was still in Japan, a certain RPG game required the usage of this method to defeat robotic enemies.
That’s right, using Steal against machines was a one-hit kill!
I was improving myself every day too!
“Steal!”
“Kazuma, wait!”
Aqua probably realized my intentions and tried to stop me…
But my outstretched hand had already robbed the golem’s head successfully.
After losing its head, the golem stopped moving immediately.
Just as planned…!
The heavy head of the golem was in my hands because of my skill. It obeyed the laws of gravity and crushed my hand onto the ground.
“… Hya–! My hand! My handdddd–!”
My cocky face turned into a crying expression as the adventurers nearby hurried to push the golem’s head away.
“Ahhh! Are you all right, Kazuma-san? When facing a monster carrying heavy objects, do not use Steal!”
Wiz was worried about me and Aqua was checking my right hand too.
“Aqua… It’s fractured right, it must be fractured.”
“There’s no fracture at all. I’ll heal you up, but don’t let it get into your head and act recklessly, okay?”
Ugh, how shameful!
“It’s open–!”
The adventurers used their giant hammers to bash the door of the building in, and rushed inside.
Right now, they were fearless.
Everyone ignored the siren that was blasting and flowed in without regard to party make-up.
We followed behind the reliable adventurers.
There were a few golems inside, but the adventurers were taking them down efficiently.
… They had always acted as they pleased, but the adventurers were really scary when they were united.
We reached the deepest parts of the building and found a group congregating before a room.
All of them looked troubled, their heightened emotions gone.
“Oh, Kazuma, you came at the right time… Look at that.”
The one talking to me was Taylor, who was standing at the center of the room.
Taylor seemed to be a little down and unhappy.
Looking closely, he seemed to be pointing at something…
That was the skeletal remains of a human.
The researcher who took over the fortress was sitting in the chair in the middle of the room alone.
I called Aqua over and asked her to go in.
I pointed at the skeleton, but Aqua just shook her head.
“He has already passed on. He won’t turn into an undead, he had no regrets at all.”
……
No regrets at all?
“No, he should have had some reason to linger in this world. From the look of things, he must’ve died alone…”
As I was saying that, Aqua seemed to have found something.
A notebook that was buried in the messy documents on the table.
After Aqua picked up that notebook, everyone fell silent.
Under the watchful gaze of the adventurers, the only sound was the mechanical evacuation warning.
And so, Aqua started to read–
“– O month X day. The higher ups of the country gave me a tough problem, asking me to create a mobile weapon. Impossible. They wouldn’t listen to my protests, and ignored my apologies and requests. I wanted to resign, but they wouldn’t accept my resignation letter. I pretended to be retarded, streaking around in my underwear, but the female researchers simply asked me to take off my underwear too. This nation is going to end.”
… Everyone rested their gaze on the remains.
“– O month X day. The deadline for the design is today. What should I do? I couldn’t just submit a blank paper. Why did I start drinking out of desperation and spend all the funds away? As I was feeling frustrated staring at the blank design plans, a spider, something I absolutely hate, showed up on the paper. I screamed shrilly and picked something up to smash it. The spider is now stained onto the design paper… The economy is bad, and high-quality paper like this is expensive; I don’t have the money to compensate for it. Screw it, I’ll just submit this.”
… Ugh. The atmosphere was turning awkward as Aqua continued reading.
“– O month X day. That design was unexpectedly well liked. I don’t dare to tell them ‘That was the goo that spurted out when I squashed a spider, why are you touching it?’. And is it fine for the project to carry on like this? What should I do? The only thing I did was kill a spider, and they made me the director. Yahoo!”
… I was suspecting that Aqua was making up the content, but Aqua was reading it with a serious expression.
“– O month X day. I didn’t do anything and the weapon is still taking shape. I’m not needed at all, right? Whatever, just do what you want, I just want to live my life leisurely… When they came to ask me about the power source, I couldn’t be bothered. I said from the start that it was impossible, if you want a power source then get me that super rare legendary ore rumored to be able to burn for eternity–the Coronatite, or I rebuked them. That felt great! Bring it to me if you can.”
……
“– O month X day. They actually brought it to me. What should I do? They really did it. They’re even placing it in the power reactor, what should I do? What the hell should I do? I only said it because I thought it was impossible, and they actually did it. What if it doesn’t move? What would happen to me? Death penalty? If it doesn’t move, will I be sentenced to death? You have to move, please.”
Maybe our gazes were making her uncomfortable…
“– O month X day. They said the activation test would be tomorrow, but to be honest, I didn’t do anything. The only thing I did was squash a spider. This’ll be the last day I can sit on this chair so leisurely… I start feeling mad when I think about it. Forget it, I’ll just drink. This is my last supper, so I won’t hold back! There wasn’t anyone left in the machine today, so it won’t matter how much I drink or how drunk I get. I’ll start drinking the most expensive wine!”
As Aqua read, she felt a bit scared of the way we were staring at her.
“– O month X day. When I woke up, I felt a strong tremor. What’s happening? How much did I drink? I don’t remember anything. No, I don’t remember anything about yesterday at all. The only parts I remember was heading to the central zone and lecturing the Coronatite. No, wait. After that, I said I wanted to test its courage and flicked the lighted cigarette onto the ore…”
As she read, Aqua didn’t dare to look our way any longer.
“– O month X day. I finally realized what was happening; I’m doomed. The mobile weapon is running amok right now. What should I do? They would certainly think it was my doing, so I’m probably a wanted criminal right now. They wouldn’t forgive me even if I cried and begged… How irritating… They would probably destroy the mobile weapon, drag me out and execute me. Damn the king and the officials, and that female researcher who smirked after taking off my underwear, they’re all scum! It’s fine for such a country to fall. Enough, I’ll just drink and sleep. Fortunately, the food and wine are plentiful, I’ll think about this after I wake up.”
Towards the end, the sound of someone clenching their fists tight could be heard.
“– O month X day. The nation has fallen. Oh no, it has fallen, it’s really gone! The citizens and high officials have all fled. But I destroyed my home country. Oh no, this feels great! I’m satisfied, I have no regrets. All right, I’ve decided. I’ll live out the rest of my life in this machine, I can’t alight or stop it anyway. The one who made this thing must be retarded… Oh wait! The one in charge of creating this thing was me!”
Reading the final entry, Aqua said with a troubled expression:
“… That’s, that’s all.”
“Are you kidding me!?”
Everyone aside from Aqua and Wiz shouted in unison.
“This is the Coronatite. So, how do we take this out?”
This was the central area of the mobile fortress.
Having too many people in here wouldn’t help, so Aqua, Wiz and I became the representatives for everyone and walked into this room.
In the center of the room was a small stone surrounded by a steel fence, the Coronatite.
– That rare ore was continuously emitting a fiery red light.
But, what should we do? No matter how you looked at it, the ore that was fenced in couldn’t be taken out.
… I see, this was the last line of defense.
It was easy to light up the ore through the gaps, but removing it wasn’t simple.
“What should we do…? Ah, right, I remember there was a guy with a magic sword, what was his name again…?”
Before Aqua finished, I had an idea.
“Hey, we don’t need to cut the fence open, this’ll work fine. If it’s this close, the fence won’t matter… Steal!”
“Ahhh! Ka-Kazuma-san!”
Wiz seemed to be shouting something, but as I expected, the Coronatite went through the fence into my hands.
– And it was still burning.
“Hotttttt!”
“Freeze! Freeze!”
“Heal! Heal! Hey… Are you an idiot? Kazuma’s usually quick witted, but you’re doing the same thing even after the incident with the golem!? You’re actually stupid, right?!”
Ugh, I hate to say this, but I couldn’t say anything to refute that!
The Coronatite was on the floor; Wiz had helped me cool it down and knock it away, but not before it burned my hand and almost took my arm.
Even though it was frozen momentarily, it turned fiery red again…
“This is bad, there’s no time; it’s about to blow. What should we do with this thing…?”
As Wiz was troubling over this, the Coronatite by her feet was glowing brighter.
Before we realized it, the mechanical warning announcement had stopped.
The thing powering this fortress was this ore.
But we had no way of handling it.
No, this thing was clearly too dangerous for any adventurer to handle.
Who could handle this burning ore, which had the power to move such a large fortress… That’s right, if you encountered any problems you couldn’t resolve, you just needed to ask the gods.
“Hey Aqua, do you have any way to seal this thing? Isn’t it the norm for a goddess to seal the power of evil or something!?”
“I know what you’re getting at, but that’s just a game trope! Hey Wiz, you have a way to deal with this, right!?”
This self proclaimed something pushed the issue to the lich she was always bullying without hesitation. I didn’t think Wiz would have a solution, but she said…
“There is a method… But my mana is insufficient. Sorry Kazuma-san, I need your help!”
As she said so, Wiz pushed her serious face before me.
“What, what is it?”
Wiz looked desperate, putting both hands on my cheeks, her thumb lightly touching the corners of my lips.
She then said with no hesitation:
“Can you let me suck a little?”
“It would be my pleasure.”
I wouldn’t say something cliché like ‘Suck what?’
Or something like ‘At a time like this?’
I wasn’t a dense character who would panic or pretend to be retarded at such a juncture.
“Thank you! Well then, I’ll start sucking!”
Wiz’s lips closed in before my eyes, I couldn’t ignore it even if I wanted to.
Dad, Mom. I’m going to become an adult in an alternate world…?
“Kazuma-san, pardon me! Drain Touch–!
“Ahhh!”
“Stop, stop! If you take any more Kazuma will become a mummy!”
Aqua restrained Wiz in a hurry, and Wiz released my hand before I lost consciousness.
What a disappointment.
No, I already had a hunch it would turn out this way!
“Now, I can use teleportation spells! But… The problem is where to send this thing to… The places I can teleport include Axel, the capital, and the dungeon. Which one should I choose…”
This meant she was planning to teleport the ore somewhere else?
“In that case, wouldn’t the dungeon be fine?”
“But… The dungeon I registered as a teleport marker is a place I’ll visit to collect magical ingredients, the world’s largest dungeon… Right now, that place is a tourist attraction with the dungeon as the main selling point…!”
“That’s just looking for trouble! Hey, this is bad! The ore is going beyond red and turning white!”
As Aqua and Wiz were panicking, I cast Freeze on the ore even though it wouldn’t help much.
“Theoretically, there’s another way! There’s a spell called Random Teleport, which sends things to an unspecified place! But we won’t know where it would be sent to. It would be fine if it was sent to the mountains or sea. But if it was sent to a place with a dense population…!”
Wiz said with a frown, she sounded like she was about to cry.
Random Teleport?
“Don’t worry! The world is huge! Compared to a place with lots of people, the chance of it ending up somewhere with nobody around is higher! Don’t worry, I’ll take all the responsibility! I might look this way, but my luck is incredibly good!”
Hearing me say that, Wiz nodded and chanted her spell loudly.
“Teleport–!”
“How was it? Where did the Coronatite go? Is it nearby?”
Wiz and Aqua looked at each other when they heard me say that.
No matter what, we needed to leave this place first.
After exiting the room, we found out that the other adventurers had defeated all the golems on the deck, and the alarm had stopped. Everyone was getting ready to withdraw.
They rappelled down the ropes, and it was just us up here.
Looking carefully, the guys had carried the remains of that researcher down and placed it in a box.
They were probably planning to bury him in the public cemetery back in town.
We climbed down too, heading towards where Darkness and Megumin were.
I carried Megumin who was resting in the shade, passing through the adventurers who were immersed in the victorious atmosphere and came to Darkness who was standing tall in front of the town.
Unlike the adventurers who were cheering, Darkness was the only one staring at the fortress seriously.
“Hey Darkness. We already stopped the heart of the Destroyer, it’s over. Ah–I’m dead tired, let’s go back to the mansion, we’ll eat something good tonight.”
Darkness replied softly:
“It’s not over yet. I can smell a strong enemy and the stench of danger… That thing is still a threat!”
In response to Darkness’s words, the fortress trembled with a loud jerk.
Hey hey, I already tore out the heart!
“What’s happening now? What’s going on with that thing?!”
“Calm, calm, calm down! At such a time, it should be something like this! You have to cut the red wire or white wire, right?!”
“No, you’re talking about a bomb! We’re discussing why the Destroyer is still moving even though the core has been removed!”
Not just us; the other adventurers realized something was wrong and fled from the Destroyer.
“What, what should we do!? It’s probably the heat accumulated inside being vented! I can’t teleport something so big! And look at the front of the Destroyer, there’s a crack due to the power of the explosion spell, right? Heat’s escaping from there! If this continues, the heat will spray into the town…”
“I don’t want to hear this! Kazuma-san–Kazuma-san–! Quick, think of something–!”
Aqua interrupted Wiz and made an unreasonable request to me.
No, there was no way I could think of anything…!
“Ma-Mana! Can someone share some mana with me! If I cast an explosion spell at that crack, it would neutralize the impact!”
Wiz started canvassing the adventurers around us.
I grabbed Wiz in a hurry and whispered into her ears.
“Hey, Wiz! What are you saying! The other adventurers don’t know you can use Drain Touch! What would you do if they discovered that you’re a lich! As a human, I can let them inspect me even if I use lich skills, but if they found out that Wiz wasn’t a human, it would be the end!”
“But, I can only stop that explosion by absorbing mana…!”
I extended my hand and stopped Wiz right here.
“I can use it too. So, I’ll absorb mana from someone else and transfer it to Wiz. It’ll take an additional step, but that’s the only way.”
Drain Touch could absorb mana and transfer it away too.
Mana, mana…
The fellow with the most mana among adventurers would be…!
“Hey, Darkness, don’t say such stubborn things, let’s escape! As far as we can go! And we’ll start over… Wait, thinking carefully, our debts are being cushioned by the guild in this town, so if this place gets destroyed…!”
“Hey, the one that proclaims to be a something, get over here.”
I dragged that woman who was loudly blurting out her schemes over. I felt that she had the most mana among all of us.
“Hey, what are you doing?! I don’t have time for you Kazuma. Let’s just, hyaaa–!?”
Aqua couldn’t resist my sudden Drain Touch and shrieked.
“You hikiNEET, what are you doing to me during an emergency!?”
“I’m only doing this because it’s an emergency! Listen carefully! I’ll be transferring your mana to Wiz later, to let her cast Explosion at the Destroyer! That should resolve the crisis!”
“I don’t wanna! Why must I share my mana with an undead! And Wiz will definitely be purified if large quantities of my holy mana are transferred to her!”
Hearing what Aqua said, I turned and looked at Wiz, who nodded repeatedly with a pale face.
“Um… When I absorbed just a bit of Aqua-sama’s mana the other time, my physical condition deteriorated…”
Something like eating food that didn’t agree with you.
What Aqua said seemed to be true.
In that case, what was left would be–
“The main character’s turn.”
Megumin got off my back and stood up.
“Are you listening to me? Don’t absorb too much, okay? Don’t absorb too much!”
“I know, I know, this is the request of the goddess of parties, right? Don’t worry, leave it to me!”
“No! I’m not joking here!”
Aqua was sitting in a seiza in front of me, ready for her mana to be absorbed at any moment.
Megumin was standing beside her, pointing her staff at the Destroyer, ready to unleash her spell.
“Kazuma-san, choosing places where the skin is thinner allows for you to absorb and transfer more mana! And the source of mana is the heart. So, the closer it is to the heart, the more efficient it’ll be!”
Wiz instructed me with a serious face. I see, a spot where the skin was thinner was necessary.
That was why she touched the corner of my lips when she absorbed my mana just now.
I couldn’t do that, it would give me false hope.
… No, wait.
“I’m ready, you can start anytime! Two explosions in one day, today is really–wahhh!”
I stuck my right hand into Megumin’s back, making her scream and lean backwards.
“What are you doing so suddenly?! Putting your cold hands on my back, I thought my heart was cramping! What is this? Sexual harassment? At a time like this?”
“No, you idiot! Didn’t you hear what Wiz said? This isn’t sexual harassment, it’s the most efficient way to transfer mana! A place near the heart where the skin is thin, that would be the back! … Ah, wait, hey! Aqua, don’t resist! I have a grand and proper reason of saving this town! You should be thankful I didn’t put my hand in front!”
Hearing me say that, Aqua resisted even more; she didn’t want my hands on her back at all.
“Everyone, there’s no time!”
Wiz cried out loud.
After a compromise, I grabbed the base of Megumin and Aqua’s necks.
I drew out mana from Aqua and sent it to Megumin.
“Amazing, this is amazing! Aqua’s mana is super amazing! I can sense that this will be the strongest explosion spell to date!”
“Megumin, isn’t this enough?! I can feel a lot of my mana has been taken!”
Just as Aqua said, a considerable amount of mana had been injected into the petite body of Megumin.
As expected, no matter how rotten she was, she was still a goddess.
No matter how much I absorbed, there seemed to be no end to Aqua’s mana.
“Just a bit more! A bit more! Ah, this seems bad…”
“Hey, what do you mean by bad?! What’ll happen if it exceeds your capacity? You won’t explode, right?!”
Megumin who said something dangerous tore off the eye-patch on her left eye and chanted magic with her staff raised.
It was the explosion spell I was very familiar with, echoing among the adventurers watching from a distance.
“Other things don’t matter, but I can’t lose to anyone in terms of an explosion spell! I’m ready! My finest spell of destruction!”
Megumin’s staff was aimed at the crack at the front of the Destroyer that was spewing heat and might explode at any moment.
– Her crimson pupils shone, the Archwizard who refused to lose chanted her magic so loudly that her voice was almost breaking.
“Explosion–!”
It had been several days since the battle with the Mobile Fortress Destroyer.
The mood in the Adventurer’s Guild was surprisingly joyous today.
It was obvious why everyone was so happy.
The adventurers looked at the guild staff with expectant eyes.
“Kazuma, it feels weird for me to be the one to say this, but I must thank you for protecting this town… I’m grateful…! One day, I’ll tell you everything about myself, and the reason why I want to protect this town.”
Darkness, who was in casual clothing, smiled warmly as she said this.
Darkness and I were some distance away from the other adventurers.
I replied to Darkness:
“To be honest, you looked really cool back then.”
When she heard me say that, Darkness was probably imagining how great she looked, not backing down in the face of the Destroyer…
“Is, is that so…?”
She blushed a little and turned her face away shyly.
I continued saying to the embarrassed Darkness…
“But you were also the one who contributed the least.”
“!”
Hearing me say that, Darkness maintained her pose of averting her face and trembled.
“Well, Darkness just stood in front of the town the entire time–I was working hard, you know! I broke the barrier and healed Kazuma! And I shared my mana with Megumin!”
Aqua showed up out of nowhere and said to Darkness without any ill intentions.
Darkness shook again when she heard that.
“As for me, I fired two Explosions in one day, a stellar performance. And the second shot obliterated the Destroyer!”
Megumin who showed up out of nowhere also said without any ill intentions, which made Darkness shiver again.
“Kazuma was great too! His command was on point. He also defeated a large golem despite some minor mistakes, extracted the Coronatite ore, and provided me with mana…!”
Wiz who suddenly showed up said with absolutely no ill intentions. Darkness couldn’t take it anymore and covered her face with her hands.
“Wiz was superb, casting an explosion spell, icing my hand, and even teleporting the Coronatite ore that was about to explode away… The MVP should be Wiz, right?”
After I finished, Darkness, who was covering her face, started shivering.
“… So, after acting stubborn and talking about protecting the town, what did you do?”
“What’s this!? This new feeling…! Wahhh–!”
After teasing Darkness until she squatted down blushing, I felt satisfied–
And the noise in the guild was abruptly silenced.
I lifted my head and saw the reason why it was so quiet.
Appearing before me was a troubled guild staff member leading a brunette woman with two knights.
I see, the bounty was larger than defeating the Demon King’s army boss; it was a mobile fortress that was threatening the towns and cities of every country.
So, the bounty wasn’t presented by the guild staff, but the knights of this country.
No, they might even try to recruit me to be a knight.
As we were watching with great expectations, the woman looked in my direction.
Her gaze fell directly on me, with serious eyes filled with intense emotion.
Indeed, if I needed to use an example…
– Those were the sharp eyes of a person looking at their father’s murderer.
“Adventurer Satou Kazuma ! You’re under arrest for the crime of treason! Come with us!”
Afterdrawing
TL: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Boring bone, Xenthur
– Dear Father, Mother.
It should be getting cold in your world. Are you doing well?
“Defendant, Satou Kazuma. In review of your repeated and inhumane actions…”
Is the snow starting to melt in the world over there?
Is my younger brother doing okay?
“And your actions that obviously disrupt the peace of the town…”
I hope everyone’s doing well.
“The jury concludes that the argument of the prosecutor is adequate.”
I’m doing well in this world too–
“I find the accused guilty and hereby–”
So, I beg forgiveness from both of you…
“– sentence you to death.”
This unfilial son who’s now a criminal.
TL: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Boring bone, Xenthur
There used to be a high bounty target feared by people all over the world. No one knows who came up with the name, but it’s know as…
Mobile Fortress Destroyer.
Thanks to my brilliant command, we took down that infamous bounty target not to long ago.
And right now, to collect the bounty reward for bringing down the Destroyer, I came to the Adventurer’s Guild, but–
“Adventurer Satou Kazuma! You’re under suspicion of committing subversion of the nation! Please come along with us!”
The situation took a weird turn.
“Eh… May I ask who you are? Or rather, what does ‘Subversion of the nation’ mean? I just came here to collect my payout.”
I timidly asked the seriously looking woman before me.
The rowdy guild was dead silent because of what the woman accompanied by knights said.
“I’m a prosecutor of the Kingdom, Sena. Subversion of the nation literally means committing an act that undermines the authority of the nation. We suspect that you’re either a terrorist or a minion of the Demon King’s army.”
The woman with long brown hair said as she glared at me with stern eyes.
She had that air of an intelligent beauty that gave the impression of a secretary.
After hearing Sena say that, Aqua shouted.
“Ehh? Hey, Kazuma, what trouble did you stir up this time? What crimes did you commit while I wasn’t looking! Apologize right now! I’ll apologize together with you, so do it quick!”
“Are you an idiot! There’s no way I would commit such crimes! In the first place, we spend most of our time together! There’s no way you wouldn’t know if I did anything!”
As I was scolding Aqua, Megumin said:
“Wait a minute, did you get the wrong person? Kazuma does commit minor infractions like sexual harassment from time-to-time, but he doesn’t have the guts to commit such a major crime.”
“Are you helping me or looking for a fight?”
As I retorted, Darkness followed up and said:
“Yeah, I don’t think this man would commit such a serious crime. If he had the guts, he would do more than ogle at me with creepy eyes when I walk around the house in a skimpy attire. He’s a loser who doesn’t even dare to do a night raid.”
“Wh-Wh-Who is looking at you!? Aren’t you too self-conscious? Don’t get conceited just because you have a sexy body. I have the right to choose, all right?”
When she heard me say that, Darkness’s face turned red instantly.
“After asking me to do all that in the shower, you’re saying this now…?!”
“I was manipulated by a succubus that time! And you’re the one with the problem, being so docile and scrubbing my back because of the mood! And what do you want now? Are you expecting something? Just how gullible and open are you?”
“I-I-I know you still have memories about that…! And as a crusader serving the Goddess Eris, my body is still pure! Saying I’m gullible and open? I’ll kill you!”
As Darkness said these dangerous words, she attempted to strangle me as we got into a scuffle. One of the knights beside Sena broke up the fight.
Sena, who didn’t even move a brow after witnessing the commotion, said coldly:
“Teleporting the core of the Destroyer, Coronatite, was done at that man’s instruction. And the place the ore was teleported to was the mansion of the Lord.”
After she said that, the entire guild fell into deathly silence.
– Coronatite. During the fight with the Destroyer, the one who asked Wiz to teleport that stone, which was about to explode, was me.
To think that that stone–
“Really, so that landlord died in the explosion…?”
“He’s not dead, don’t just kill him off! Coincidentally, the landlord had sent away all the household staff and was in the basement himself, so there were no casualties. But the mansion was destroyed.”
Hearing that there was no deaths, I breathed a sigh of relief.
“So no one died in the fight against the Destroyer? That’s great.”
“It’s not great! Do you know the situation right now? You sent an explosive device into the mansion of the landlord and blew up the entire mansion! Like I told you, you’re under suspicion of being either a terrorist or a minion of the Demon King’s army. Anyway, I’ll listen to what you have to say back at the station.”
Sena’s words caused the guild to turn rowdy again.
That was expected. All the adventurers present knew what kind of person I was.
At the same time, they knew the role I played during the fight against the Destroyer.
“Ku, I thought it was something terrible… Kazuma was the most valuable player during the battle against the Destroyer. He might be the one who ordered the teleportation of the Coronatite, but he had no choice in that situation. If not for Kazuma’s wits, people might’ve died when the Coronatite exploded. He should be commended, not prosecuted.”
Sounds of people affirming what Megumin said sounded all throughout the guild.
You, you guys…!
While I was feeling touched, Sena said coldly:
“By the way, the charge of subversion could be brought against suspects other than the mastermind. Before the trial ends, I’ll advise everyone to mind your words and actions. If there are people who want to go to jail with him, I won’t mind.”
The guild turned silent once again after her speech.
After this–
“… ‘Don’t worry! The world is huge! Compared to a place with lots of people, the chance of it ending up somewhere with nobody around is higher! Don’t worry, I’ll take all the responsibility! I might look this way, but my luck is incredibly good!’… I remember that was what Kazuma said during that moment…”
Aqua said suddenly.
… I did say that, but how could this girl remember it so clearly? She’s usually a complete airhead. Could it be…?
“Aqua, don’t tell me…? You’re thinking of pushing all the blame onto me…?
Aqua simply awkwardly averted her gaze without answering the question.
“By the way, I never made it inside the Destroyer. If I was there, I would’ve stopped Kazuma from making that decision. Unfortunately, I wasn’t there, so it can’t be helped. That’s right, how unfortunate.”
No one asked her anything, but Megumin started a monologue out of nowhere.
“… Hey, hold it. Aqua, Megumin, you two… Could it be…?”
The two of them wanted to…!
At this moment, Darkness defended me, standing before Sena and said:
“Wait a minute, I’m the mastermind, and the one giving the instructions was me. Please let me join the kinky games in prison… No–I mean if you want to arrest Kazuma, take me in and interrogate me too!”
“I heard that you only stood in front of the Destroyer and were totally useless, right?”
“?”
Sena put salt in Darkness’s wound without hesitation, causing her to look at me with tears in her eyes. But Darkness being useless was a fact, so I ignored her. I didn’t have time to deal with this right now.
In this situation, Wiz, who was quiet all this while, raised her hand timidly.
“Um… the one who cast teleportation was me. If you want to arrest Kazuma-san, then I…”
Aqua grabbed Wiz’s raised hand at this point.
“Don’t do it Wiz! If sacrificing one person is enough, this should be for the best! I know you feel bad, but you need to endure this…! That’s right, Kazuma is not leaving us forever. We need to wait patiently for Kazuma to return safely from prison, understand?”
That bitch! Don’t make it sound like my jail term was confirmed!
No… the one who instructed Wiz was me. At the very least, I needed to protect Wiz!
“Forget it; even if you aren’t with me, I can still rely on the guys in the guild!”
As I said that, I looked around the guild, but all the adventurers averted their eyes after meeting mine.
Y-You guys too?!
“Hey, what kind of joke is this?! Put in more effort you guys! At least resist a little!”
As I lashed out at them, a girl mage said softly:
“The first time I met Kazuma-san… That’s right, I saw it that time. At the alley behind the guild, Kazuma-san stripped a female thief of her panties. Yes, his expression back then left a deep scar on me.”
Wait…!
“That’s right, I always thought Kazuma would get into big trouble one day…”
“Yeah, me too. I heard a rumor that he locked the priestess in his party inside a cage and used her as bait for crocodiles.”
“There’s more; I heard that when someone challenged him to a duel, Kazuma stole the challenger’s magic sword and sold it.”
“Oh, you guys are turning on me now?! I’ll remember your faces, loudmouths! Better watch your back after I prove my innocence…!”
As I was telling them off, two knights grabbed my arms forcefully.
“I won’t forget this–!”
– The police station in the middle of town.
A building a just adventurer like me would never frequent.
Right now, I was inside the police station, being led into its depths.
“Okay, go in obediently. Until after the trial is over, this will be your room.”
Sena, who was walking in front of me, said as she stopped before a small and dark cell.
“Hey, I’m the hero who saved this town, right? Are you for real? Are you really going to lock me inside a cell? Are you serious?”
I became afraid after seeing the cell. I asked Sena, attempting to get on her good side, but…
“I’ll question you thoroughly tomorrow, just rest here for today.”
Sena didn’t answer my question and ignored me. When the knights heard what she said, they pushed me into the cell.
After this, Sena turned around and left with the knights.
“Hey! Wait!… Hey!… Hey!… Really…?”
Inside the dark and cold cell, I grabbed the iron bars with my hands, losing my composure after the sudden turn of events.
… Up until this morning, I was still lounging around in my mansion.
Why did things turn out like this?
Not knowing what to do, I surveyed the cell. I found some rugs on the icy floor, a toilet at the corner and a window with iron bars, that’s all.
How unfair. Treating the one who saved the town this way is too much.
I hugged my legs and sat down, burying my face between my knees.
I knew that this world is dangerous and the rules don’t make sense, but I never thought it would be to such an extent.
Thinking back now, my time as a hikikomori was so wonderful.
I could sleep until noon inside a warm room, then spend all day playing games after waking up.
Eating the meals prepared by my parents, sleeping whenever I wanted and getting up whenever I pleased; a self-indulgent life.
But after coming to this world, I have been living through hardship every day.
I don’t have any knowledge about this world, can’t find a good job and couldn’t work well in the service industry. I had to perform hard labor after arriving in this world and sleep in the stables every night.
And I had to clean up after those idiots and got burdened with debts…!
The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. Just wait until I get out, all of you!
… But.
“I want to go back… I had enough, I want to go back to Japan…”
I remembered my original goal of returning to Japan.
This was a world with a feudal society and I was being charged in court.
The person I offended wasn’t a nobody. If I make a wrong move, I might get the death sentence.
My current circumstances were dire, and being placed in a dark cell made me very uneasy. At this moment…
As I was about to cry inside my cell, I heard several sets of footsteps in the distance, drawing near.
“Hey, I won’t resist, so be gentle!”
“Shut up, scum! Faster!”
Alongside the sound of clanking armor, a nasty voice boomed out.
Seemed like another prisoner was going to a cell near me.
… No, wait. There was only one cell here.
Come on, I don’t want to share a cell with an unknown criminal!
“Go in! Really, how many times do you want to come here? This is a prison, not a hotel. There’s someone who went in before you, so get along.”
“All right, all right, I get it. Sorry for the intrusion… Hey, isn’t that Kazuma? What are you doing here?”
– The one entering the cell was the town’s infamous delinquent adventurer, Dust.
“Hey, what a coincidence to meet you here! So, what did you do?”
After the knights left, Dust, who seemed happy for some reason, asked me.
“Nothing much, they seem to think I’m a terrorist… During the battle with the Destroyer, I gave the order to teleport the core that was about to explode. Turns out, that thing was sent to the landlord’s mansion and blew his house apart.”
Hearing me say that, Dust burst into laughter.
“Wahaha, that’s great, Kazuma! That stinky landlord is detestable anyway! Well done! Wahaha, he had it coming!”
“Hold it, it wasn’t intentional! I didn’t do it because I had something against the landlord! Or rather… I’m curious. What are you doing here, Dust?”
From what the knight said, he seemed to be a regular here.
“Me? Nothing much. I heard the payout for defeating the Destroyer was coming, so I ate and drank to my content and left tabs everywhere, thinking that I would clear the debts with the payout. I thought the payout would be great, so I took out a loan to gamble. In the end, the payout was smaller than I thought and I couldn’t pay back the money. With no money, I had to sleep in the stables. But it’s cold out this season, so I’d rather come here so I won’t freeze to death and have food to eat. So, I ate at some place without paying, and the debtors couldn’t chase me here too.”
This man really lived up to his name.
Seeing the sorry state of the unrepentant delinquent Dust made me feel better about being locked away here.
After killing time chatting with Dust and eating dinner, I turned in for the night.
– I didn’t know how long I slept.
Hearing an explosion from far away, I felt a slight tremor shortly after and woke up with a start. At the same time, I heard a soft voice.
“… Ka… Kazuma! Hey, Kazuma, wake up!”
The moonlight shone in through the iron bars covering the windows.
It was probably late in the night.
“Hey, Kazuma, can you hear me? Kazuma–”
The soft voice coming from outside the window sounded familiar.
I looked around me and confirmed that, aside from Dust snoring, no one was around.
This cell was situated in the deepest part of the police station. They probably thought that there wasn’t any need for anyone to guard it.
The window with iron bars was at a place much taller than I was.
I walked towards the bottom of the window and heard Aqua’s voice clearly this time.
“Aqua! What do you want, dammit!”
“I’m here to save you, of course! Megumin and Darkness are creating a diversion right now to attract the attention of the guards. Megumin probably set off her explosion magic somewhere near town, drawing the police away. Darkness should be fleeing the scene with Megumin who depleted her mana in tow.”
So, the tremor I felt in my dreams was from the explosion magic.
“Anyway, why are you guys thinking of saving me now? If you wanted to help, you should’ve supported me during the day.”
“If we did that, we would be spending our time in prison together! We didn’t do this out of fear of what Kazuma would do to us after you get out, definitely not.”
Hearing the latter half of her sentence, I had a rough idea of why they came to rescue me.
But–
“But would it be fine to run away like this? Won’t it make matters worse?”
“What nonsense are you saying? Subversion of the nation is punishable by death. I heard from Darkness that the landlord is a despicable and petty person. For a nobody adventurer like Kazuma, he’ll use his influence to twist the facts and kill you off.”
As expected of an alternate world with a middle age level civilization.
Lives were treated like trash.
“… I’ll break out of prison then, but how am I supposed to get out of here? Saw through the iron bars in the window?”
Aqua laughed confidently upon hearing me say that, and threw something through the gap between the iron bars to my side.
Dropping onto the ground with a slight metallic sound was a piece of steel wire.
What should I do with this? Was that girl telling me to…
“First, use that wire to open the lock of your cell, just like in a manga. You can then use your Lurk skill to escape the police station! After that, return to the mansion and prepare to run away in the night! That’s it then, I’ll wait for you at the front of the police station!”
Aqua left after saying these words.
I picked up the wire and looked at the lock of the prison cell.
… It’s an eight-digit number lock.
“… I’m going back to sleep.”
I covered myself with the blanket once again.
“Get up! Come with me. It’s time for your interrogation!”
I was still wrapped in my blanket when Sena barged into the cell and woke me up.
“What is it, it’s still early…”
“It’s almost noon! How do you normally spend your time?!”
Under the watchful eyes of the guards, I was brought before a certain room.
“All right, get in. I’ll listen to what you say, then decide if I’m going to prosecute you. You better think carefully before you speak!”
After hearing Sena’s threatening words, I cautiously walked into the room. At the center was a table and two chairs.
There was a small table and chair near the exit as well.
The set up was just like a police interrogation room you see in movies.
One of the knights who escorted me over sat in the chair at the entrance silently and placed a piece of paper on the table.
This action is known as taking a statement, right?
The other knight hurried me to the seat in the middle of the room.
He then stood quietly behind me, probably standing by to subdue me if I turned violent.
Two knights in full armor were in this small room. As I was feeling tense from the pressure, Sena sat down on the other side and placed a small bell on the table.
“Do you know what this is? This is a magic item that can detect lies, used in court and places like this. This bell is synchronized with the magic caster in this room, and will ring when lies are uttered. Please remember this… Well then, I’ll begin my questioning now.”
After Sena said that, her face turned serious and the interrogation began in this heavy atmosphere.
She tapped her index fingers on the table, trying to exert pressure on me.
“Satou Kazuma. Age sixteen, working as an adventurer. Your job is also an adventurer… So, state your place of birth and what you were doing before you started adventuring.”
A sudden high difficulty question.
Where did I come from and what did I do, how should I explain that?
She said that that bell would ring if I told a lie–
“I’m from Japan, and I was a student.”
– Ring.
My words made that bell ring… Hey, I didn’t lie okay.
Sena who was tapping the table stopped and frowned.
“… Write this down, falsifying place of birth and job history…”
The knight in charge of taking minutes started writing.
“Wait! I didn’t lie!”
– Ring.
What’s with that?! Why is it ringing?!
I’m from Japan and was a student…! Was… A student….
“… I’m from Japan. I spent every day in my house, living a depraved life.”
After I answered once again, Sena stared at that bell.
I also stared at the bell closely.
– It didn’t ring this time.
“… Why did you lie about being a student?”
“I didn’t lie… Ugh… Forget it…”
Damn, I hate that magic item–!
“I’ve never heard of a place called Japan before… But never mind. Next, state the reason why you wanted to become an adventurer.”
“To save the citizens that were being terrorized by the Demon King’s army and…”
– Ring.
“……”
“… Because being an adventurer sounded cool. It felt like it would be easy to make big money and become popular with the girls.”
“…Ve-Very well. Next question. Do you bear any grudge against the landlord? I heard that you had been complaining about your debts.”
“That’s because the huge payout from successfully taking down the Dullahan wasn’t enough to pay the reparation fees for the damage done to the town; that’s why I landed in debt. It was done to protect the town, but it would be meaningless if the town got destroyed in the process. I’m fine with this outcome.”
– Ring.
“……”
“To be frank, I used words like these to convince my angry comrades. But honestly, for him to treat the heroes who saved the town like this, it makes me want to kill him.”
“I… I see. Then next…”
“Excuse me… Can I say something?”
I interrupted Sena seemed reluctant to continue the interrogation and said:
“Would you like to just get straight to the point? Like ‘Are you working for the Demon King’s army?’, or ‘Did you give that order because you had a grudge against the landlord?’. I’ve said this several times: I only asked someone to perform a random teleport. I wasn’t targeting the landlord, and I never thought that things would’ve turned out this way. I gave that order because I wanted to save the town. I’m telling the truth.”
Sena kept her eyes on the bell as she listened to me.
– And of course, the bell didn’t ring.
After confirming this, Sena sighed heavily.
“… I seem to have been mistaken. I’ve heard nothing but bad rumors about you, so that’s why… I’m very sorry…”
Sena changed her attitude, becoming more humble and polite as she bowed to me.
I think her earlier tone was meant for criminals, this is her usual manner of speech.
Since I had been cleared of any suspicion, I decided this was a good time and said:
“Really, believing rumors without investigating them first? Do you know how to do your job, prosecutor?”
“Ugh… Sorry, I apologize…”
As Sena lowered her head in apology, I continued.
“Do you know what my achievements are? I’m not just the one who contributed the most in the subjugation of Demon King’s General Beldia; I was also the one in charge of directing the fight against the Destroyer. My stellar performance broke the Mobile Fortress Destroyer no one else could defeat! And you didn’t even offer a word of thanks, just endless accusations!”
I leant so far back that the chair was creaking. Fueled by my grudge of being detained overnight, I started pushing my weight around Sena.
“I… I apologize, this is because of my job…! I know what Kazuma-san had done for the town, but…”
“But…? But what? Anyway, now that my suspicions have been cleared, why aren’t you serving me tea? What is it with this police station? Bringing out some Katsudon would be fine too!”
“Katsudon? Sorry, we don’t have that here… I’ll serve you some tea immediately…”
Sena left in a hurry, and returned with a cup of brewed tea.
I took a sip…!
“It’s too warm! Doesn’t the prosecutor here know how to brew tea? And with your fierce attitude you probably don’t have a boyfriend, right? Since there’s a magic item here, it’s my turn to ask the questions. Do you have any man you’re close with?”
“No.”
Sena looked at me expressionlessly and said firmly:
“No. Yes, because of my personality, I never had a boyfriend even after living until this age. Are you happy now? I advise you not to go too far.”
“Sorry.”
Looking at the bell that didn’t ring, I fearfully apologized.
“Anyway, what are the bad rumors you heard about me? Just those that were brought up by the adventurers yesterday?”
“Um, well… Apart from those, I heard you stripped the panties off a young girl in your party in public; you forced a crusader living in the same house as you to wash your back in the bath; you think your party’s priestess is troublesome and want to abandon her in a dungeon; all these rumors made you a suspicious character–”
……
Seeing me turning stiff, Sena looked at me with suspicious eyes.
“… Are they just rumors?”
“Just rumors.”
– Ring.
Sena’s cold poker face returned as she said:
“… Those are just problems within your party, so I won’t make any comments. But do you know what people call you in the streets? Kazujerk, Kazutrash–”
“How… How mean! Who’s the one that gave me that sort of nickname?!”
But I knew about the things she brought up, I couldn’t deny it!
Seeing me like this, Sena sighed and…
“Really. To be safe, I’ll ask you again. You have no relations to anyone in the Demon King’s army, right? You’re not, for example, acquainted with a Demon King’s Army General, or anything like that…”
“No such thing, do you really think I’m a big sho–”
– Ring.
I didn’t finish saying ‘of a man to you’.
I realized I had made a big mistake.
Listening to the echo of the bell reverberating in the interrogation room.
I remembered that Wiz is a Demon King’s General.
“Hey, there’s not enough rice! And give me something with meat on it! Who cooked this?! I want to see the manager–!”
I was depressed for making this huge mistake, while the delinquent beside me was being noisy.
The man arrested for dine and dash was picking on the quality of the food.
Maybe I should act shamelessly like he does.
… I don’t really want to act that depraved though.
“Hey Kazuma, cheer up. I can’t count the number of times I was charged in court with all my fingers. You aren’t really an adventurer until you’ve been brought to the police station once. We’ll both be attending court tomorrow, so we should eat something good and have a good rest. I’ll get you some nice food! The cops here don’t like trouble, so they’ll bring things over if you complain a bit.”
After saying so, Dust started complaining in a volume loud enough to be heard throughout the station.
In the end, the police came over to warn Dust to not push his luck and beat him up. Dust turned quiet and I slept to be prepared for the next day.
– As it was getting late, I was woken by a tremor and the sound of an explosion from a distance, just like last night.
I sat up immediately and heard Aqua’s soft voice saying:
“Kazuma! Hey Kazuma, wake up!”
Hearing her voice, I clung to the wall with the window and said:
“You’re here again. What happened in the end last night? Is everyone fine?”
“Megumin and Darkness were sure they weren’t seen by anyone on the way back, but they were still made suspects for the explosion incident for some reason. The investigation capability of this world is amazing. But never mind that; I forced them both to wear a hood they hated, so they would definitely not be found out this time.”
No matter how you thought about it, the problem wasn’t being seen by others while committing the crime, but the limited number of people who could cast Explosion in this town.
“Let’s leave that for later; I was waiting for you the entire time, why didn’t you escape? I waited until my head was covered in snow; I was even questioned by the police several times, how miserable.”
“It’s not a lock and key padlock, but a rotating number lock. And I don’t have any lock picking skills at all, so there’s no way I can do that with just a wire.”
Hearing me say that, Aqua was quiet for a moment.
“… They got me this time, I didn’t think their prison was so secure.”
“It’s just a number lock. More importantly, what are you planning to do? If I don’t break out tonight, I’ll be charged in court tomorrow.”
Hearing me say that, Aqua snorted a couple of times. She sounded confident.
Where does her baseless confidence stem from?
“The method yesterday was too roundabout. I prepared two saws today; I’ll throw one of them to your side.”
… Saw?
“… You want me to saw through the window’s iron bars and escape?”
“So, you do know. We have until daybreak and there’s no time, so hurry!”
After saying that, Aqua threw a saw in through the gaps of the iron bars.
I see, if both of us work together, we could double the speed of cutting the bars.
But the problem is–
“… The window is too high from my side, I can’t reach it.”
The window was placed high up on the wall to prevent prisoners from breaking out. I couldn’t reach it even if I jumped.
“Don’t worry, I’m not stupid. I already knew this might happen, so I prepared a stepping stool. You can saw along with me if you use it. There’s probably not enough time for one-person to saw through it, but it should be fine with both of us working together.”
I see.
“So how do you plan in getting the stepping stool inside? Squeezing it through the gaps between the bars?”
Aqua was silent for a while after I asked her this simple question.
“… Wait a minute.”
After saying this, Aqua ran off.
Sometime later–
“No, this is… A necessity for Kazuma, I have to give it to him…”
“I’ve never heard of anyone sending such a thing into a jail cell. And why are you here at this late hour…?”
Aqua’s voice could be heard in the distance.
She seemed to be trying to get the guards to pass that thing to me.
Maybe I should learn to act as earnestly as that idiot.
Surprisingly, as I listened to Aqua and the guard squabbling in the distance, I was no longer uneasy about going to court tomorrow.
– To dispose of the evidence, I threw the saw out the window and slept while wrapped in my blanket.
The justice system in this world was very simple. The prosecutor would collect evidence, and the accused would be defended by a representative.
If the judge concluded the charges to be true, he would pass judgment.
There are no lawyers in this world and the accused are defended by their friends.
The building structure was the same as the Japanese courts, with the accused in handcuffs and the representative standing in the center of the court. The judge, prosecutor and plaintiff sat opposite of them some distance away.
Right now–
“No need to be so tense. Don’t worry, we’ll stay by your side.”
Megumin said, attempting to calm me down as I was so nervous that my whole body was stiff.
– That’s right.
The ones standing beside me as my defense representatives were the members of my party.
Why did things turn out like this?
Sitting in the seat of the prosecutor was Sena, who was staring at me, who couldn’t hide my nervousness, with cold eyes.
“No problem, leave it to me. The Crimson Demons have high intelligence; I’ll make that prosecutor cry through our debate.”
The one to my right making this reliable speech is my defending attorney Megumin.
“Don’t worry; if events develop beyond the point of redemption, I’ll think of a way to help you. You’re not at fault for this incident at all.”
Darkness who was standing to my left said.
How reliable, I felt at ease…
But–
“Just leave it to me! As a woman of the cloth, my words are very convincing! Just leave everything to me!”
That’s right, the problem lies with this girl. I asked Aqua to come over and whispered into her ear:
“Listen carefully Aqua. I’m begging you, please don’t say anything. If you keep quiet obediently for the entire trial, I’ll buy Snow Crimson Crab for you.”
“What nonsense are you saying? If Kazuma’s sentenced to jail or death, you won’t be able to buy crab for me. Don’t worry, the one most familiar with being an attorney is me. Kazuma likes to play video games, right? Haven’t you heard about people in Japan playing ‘Based Attorney’ and ‘Manganronpa’? I played both before.”
“Okay, I get it now. Please, don’t say a word.”
Aqua responded to my request by turning her head away unhappily.
This little–!
– A middle aged man that appeared to be the judge rapped the table with a mallet.
“Order in the court! We’ll now begin the trial for Satou Kazuma for subversion of the nation! The plaintiff is Alexei Barnes Alderp!”
On the cue of the judge, a fat man stood up.
He was tall and bulky, his balding head shiny. A middle-aged man full of body hair.
So that’s the landlord who’s suing me.
Landlord Alderp glared at me, as if he was judging my worth. He then used his lecherous eyes to look at the three ladies standing beside me.
After looking at every inch of Aqua’s and Megumin’s body, he turned his sights on Darkness…
And he stood stiffly there with a look of surprise.
“Hey, that fat old man kept looking at us. I feel the presence of evil and have the urge to poke his eyes out.”
“I’m pleading with you not to do that… And isn’t he only staring at Darkness?”
“He’s been looking at her for a very long time. His eyes are the same as Kazuma’s when he’s looking at Darkness when she walks around the mansion in flimsy attire.”
“Ughh… hey, you got it wrong. I-I never looked at Darkness with such eyes…”
As I was explaining myself in a panic and looking at Darkness, I noticed she was staring at the landlord too.
“… What’s wrong Darkness? Are you bothered by that old man’s gaze?”
“… No… I’m fine, it’s not that… I’ll tell you later.”
Darkness didn’t look okay, but I had no time to ask her as the mallet fell again.
“Silence! I’ll have order in the court. Prosecutor, step forth! We have a magic item here, so any lie will be exposed in this court. Remember this when you speak.”
The judge rapped the table again, and Sena stood up with this cue.
“I’ll now read out the charges… The accused, Satou Kazuma, took part with other adventurers in the battle against the Mobile Fortress Destroyer when it attacked. He gave the order during the battle to send the Coronatite, which was going to explode, away via teleportation. The Coronatite that was teleported exploded after appearing in the mansion of the plaintiff. The mansion of the plaintiff, Alderp, disappeared. Right now, Lord Alderp is forced to live in an inn within this town.”
As Sena was reading the charges, the plaintiff landlord was still staring at Darkness.
“When transporting monsters, drugs, and dangerous items such as explosives, the use of random teleportation is prohibited. It’s stated clearly in the law, and the instructions given out by the accused clearly contravene this law; also, threatening the life of the landlord could potentially shake the foundation of the nation. Hence, the prosecution requests for the accused to be found guilty of subversion of the state!”
“Objection!”
It happened right after Sena finished reading the charges.
Aqua who was standing beside me moved in front, raising one arm as she shouted.
“It’s not time for the defendant to speak. Seek permission before you say anything… Well, this is your first time in court, so I’ll give you a pass this time… The defense may speak.”
The judge prompts Aqua, but she simply shook her head with a look of satisfaction.
“I just wanted to try saying ‘Objection’, it’s okay.”
“The defense may only speak when defending the accused!”
This idiot, I really felt like giving her a tight slap.
Aqua, who was scolded by the judge right after the court session started, seemed contented and returned to my side.
Sena, who was thrown off her game, seemed to be panicking a little.
“… Eh, that’s all I have to say. In short, we’re asking for Satou Kazuma to be found guilty of subversion of the nation…”
After Sena finished and returned to her seat, the Judge said:
“Next, I grant permission for the accused and his defense to speak. You may plead your case!”
“– And so, the Demon King’s General Beldia and the Destroyer were only defeated thanks to my efforts. It’s strange to accuse me of subversion of the nation with my contribution to the town. In fact, I think that everyone should be complimenting me instead!”
With the permission of the judge, I stated my piece in the center of the court.
I described how cool I was in the fight with Beldia.
Emphasizing how great my coordination was in the battle with the Mobile Fortress Destroyer, the judge looked at the lie exposing magic bell several times during my statement, but I didn’t mind.
I might’ve exaggerated a little, but I didn’t make any of this up.
“Enough… Enough, I understand what the defendant is trying to say. Moving on, prosecutor. Please present the evidence showing why the accused should be found guilty of subversion of the nation.”
The judge hurried Sena to submit the evidence with an irate face. Sena gave a gesture to a knight standing beside her.
Seeing that, the knight walked towards the waiting room in the court as Sena picked up a piece of paper and read:
“The prosecution will present the evidence, proving the accused is a terrorist attempting to subvert the authority of the nation, or that he is related to the Demon King’s army. Witness, please take the stand!”
With the instruction of Sena, the knight brought the witnesses into the court. They were mostly adventurers.
Or rather–
“Ahahaha… I was summoned…”
The first witness was Chris, who was looking at me with a troubled face as she scratched the scar on her face.
Including the thief Chris, the ones summoned to court as witnesses were all familiar faces.
The situation was bad.
“Which means, the accused used Steal under the watchful eyes of the public to strip you of your panties. Is this true?”
“Um–it’s true! But it was an accident!”
“You just need to confirm this is true, thank you for your testimony.”
“Hmm? Wait! I’m not bothered by that incident anymore…!”
Sena concluded the questioning in a hurry and chased Chris out of the court.
The other witnesses were troublesome too…
The one who came from Japan just like me, whose magic sword was stolen and sold by me: sword-master Mitsurugi. He walked to the front with his two underlings right behind him.
“Mitsurugi-san. I heard your magic sword was stolen and sold by the accused. And the two ladies were threatened by the accused that he would steal their panties if you tried to get the magic sword back. Is this true?”
“Yes, you’re right. But that incident was started by me…”
“That’s right, he threatened us! He said, ‘I’m a man who believes in gender equality, who dares to use drop kicks against girls’!”
“Yeah! He also said, ‘Since you are girls, I might humiliate you in public using my Steal skill’!”
Mitsurugi’s two underlings kept interrupting his words, using this chance to get back at me for threatening them that time.
These two girls probably hated me deeply, sticking their tongue out whenever our eyes met.
Ugh… The gaze of the judge and everyone else was hurting me…
After Mitsurugi and the others left the court, Dust was summoned as a witness for some reason.
I didn’t remember doing anything bad to this guy.
If I recall correctly, Dust was the one who suggested swapping teams.
After Dust greeted me warmly, Sena said:
“This man is the defendant of the next court case. I think the court should be familiar with him. He’s a delinquent that causes trouble and keeps getting sued.”
“Hey, you jerk, you’re the one who asked for me when I was just waiting for my turn in court. I just got here, so stop speaking ill about me! Are you asking me to massage those big tits of yours?”
Sena’s words made the short-tempered Dust lash out.
As the Judge was frowning because of Dust’s vulgar words, Sena pointed at me and said:
“Dust-san, I heard that you’re rather close with Satou Kazuma-san here. Is this true?”
“How could there be any doubt. We’re like brothers, and drink together often.”
After hearing that, Sena turned and said to me:
“Satou Kazuma-san, are you best friends with this unruly delinquent?”
“Just an acquaintance.”
“Hey–! Kazuma!”
Dust yelled, but the bell didn’t ring under the watchful eyes of Sena and the judge.
“I… I see, pardon my rudeness. I wanted to bring up the point that your friends are delinquents, that’s why…”
“It’s fine, it’s a fact that I’m acquainted with him.”
“Kazuma–! Is our friendship so shallow–?!”
As the knight dragged the yelling delinquent out of the court, Sena turned to face the judge.
“That last witness was disappointing, but the other witnesses should suffice to prove that the accused has a flawed personality and bore a grudge against the plaintiff. Based on these facts, it’s very possible that the accused didn’t order a random teleport to be used, but instructed for a normal teleport to transfer the stone to the mansion of the plaintiff, and disguised it as an accident–”
Sena tried pinning me down with circumstantial evidence.
“That isn’t evidence at all! I admit that Kazuma has a twisted personality, but I can’t accept such a circumstantial charge! Bring out something more concrete! And this trial is too strange! Everything is too forced; don’t you find this weird?”
“The defendants are to watch their words. Only speak up when granted permission!”
“You want evidence? Very well, I’ll bring undeniable proof! They’ll show without a doubt that this man is a terrorist determined to destroy the town, or is a minion of the Demon King’s army!”
Seeing Megumin become agitated, Sena picked up a piece of paper and read it out loud.
“One! The party led by adventurer Satou Kazuma might’ve defeated the general of the Demon King’s army during the fight with Beldia, but extensive damage was done to the town due to the huge amount of water that was conjured–”
Aqua trembled.
“Two! Setting up a giant barrier in the public cemetery, causing the spirits in the cemetery to wander, creating havoc in town–”
I grabbed the hands of Aqua, who was covering her ears and facing the back, peeling them off her ears so she could hear what the prosecutor was saying, and…
“Casting an explosion spell in the area outside of town day after day, changing the landscape of the territory. Recently, it could be heard in the wee hours of the night, rousing the citizens from their sleep–”
It was Megumin’s turn to cover her ears and turn around.
My defense team was too useless!
“Hey, wait, this is too strange! It’s weird no matter how you think about it! The things you listed out have nothing to do with me! Well, they were troubles caused by the members of my team! But you should bring out evidence that has something to do with me!”
In reply to my outburst,
“And, we have reports of the accused using a skill only available to the undead, Drain Touch. If you’re not related to the Demon King’s army, please explain why you can use Drain Touch–You can’t just ignore this by covering your ears!”
Sena pointed at me, who was covering my ears like Aqua and Megumin, and shouted.
Remain silent! I want to exercise my right to remain silent!
“Finally, the most damning evidence… During the interrogation inside the police station, I asked if you had any dealings with a member of the Demon King’s army. You answered no back then, and the magic item detected a lie. That’s the best evidence!”
Oh no, oh no, oh no–!
I was out of ideas and speechless at this moment.
“– Hold it!”
Unexpectedly, this confident voice came from Aqua.
To think this girl would hold a trump card at this juncture…!
“Aqua, tell them! Show them the decisive evidence that proves my innocence!”
“Huh? There’s no way I have something like that, I just wanted to try saying that.”
“Remove that person from court!”
“Sorry! I apologize on behalf of this counsel!”
“Ahhh… that hurts!”
I grabbed the temple of Aqua and squeezed tightly as I apologized.
Shit, this damn idiot–!
At this moment, someone seemed tired of our games.
“Enough! That guy’s related to the Demon King’s army! He’s their minion! He sent explosives to my mansion! Kill him! Sentence him to death!”
The plaintiff who had been silent all this while, landlord Alderp stood up suddenly and roared angrily at me.
Well done old man, now’s my chance!
“No, I’m not related to the Demon King’s army! I’m not a terrorist! I do bear a grudge because he made me shoulder that debt, but I didn’t send the Coronatite over on purpose! Listen carefully, look at the magic item closely! I’m going to say this again! I’m not a minion of the Demon King’s army and I have nothing to do with them!”
My words didn’t make the bell ring, rendering the landlord speechless.
Sena frowned and bit her lower lips when she saw this.
If a testimony stated in the presence of the magic item could be taken as evidence, my words that didn’t trigger an alarm would also be taken as evidence.
The words of the plaintiff landlord helped me out of this situation.
The judge shook his head slowly.
“It’s always like this when we use the magic item to detect lies, the results aren’t clear. The prosecution motioned for the reaction of the magic item to be endorsed as evidence. But from the results right now, I can’t accept it as legitimate evidence. The circumstantial evidence presented so far is too weak. And so, I hereby find the accused, Satou Kazuma, not guilty  from the lack of–”
During this decisive moment when the judge was passing his sentence.
“I’ll say this again. That guy’s affiliated with the Demon King’s army, he’s one of their minions. Sentence him to death.”
The landlord who was still standing said that.
In response, Sena said:
“No… No one was hurt for this incident. It should not lead to the death penalty…”
When she said that to the landlord, he just stared at her.
“… No, you’re right. The death sentence is the most appropriate… Right?”
– Hmm?
“Hey, hey, wait a minute! This is too weird, too weird!”
“Yeah, what was with that just now! Why did the prosecutor’s argument change?!”
While Megumin and I were protesting, Sena was reacting strangely too. She was the one who said that, but her face looked confused as she tilted her head.
Aqua suddenly pointed at the judge, Sena, and the landlord and said:
“I feel an evil presence! Someone among this group is attempting to twist the facts with evil powers!”
Aqua’s unexpected speech made the court fall into silence.
Maybe due to her idiotic words earlier, all eyes watching Aqua were doubtful.
Everyone looked towards the magic item, and the atmosphere changed when it didn’t ring.
Aqua was an arch-priest, a job with a holy nature.
This made her words more convincing, which made the expression of the judge change.
“Powers of evil… So, you are saying someone is using underhanded means to influence this sacred trial?”
“Yes, that’s correct. My eyes are more accurate than that magic item! Truthfully speaking, I’m a goddess of water with 10 million devotees in this world! Goddess Aqua!”
– Ring.
Aqua’s declaration resulted in a crisp ringing sound in the silent court.
“Why–! Wait, I didn’t lie–!”
“Defendant, please choose your counsels carefully.”
“My apologies, I’ll reflect on this seriously.”
Aqua, who lost the trust of everyone, was still being noisy as Megumin consoled her. For some reason, the landlord was biting his lips, staring at Aqua with a pale face.
“I get it, it must be because I was acting too vainly. The magic item thought I was lying because of the number of devotees! 10 million is exaggerating a bit, I should had said something in the region of 9.8 million.”
Hearing Aqua mumbling behind me, I wanted to retort that her believers probably numbered less than a thousand. But I can’t do that now as the judge would give his verdict at any moment.
The judge cleared his throat.
“… Defendant Satou Kazuma. Considering your inhumane actions and your disruption of the peace and order to society…”
He started saying something that contradicted his previous verdict.
“I find the sentence motioned by the prosecutor to be adequate. The accused is found guilty and–”
Hmm?
“– Sentenced to death.”
“This is weird–! No, hold it, wait a minute! What’s with this rushed verdict?! Bring out stronger evidence! There must be something wrong with your head to sentence someone to death so lightly!”
“Defendant! Watch your behavior!”
“Kazuma’s right, this is strange. There’s something wrong. That’s right, Kazuma did bear a grudge for having to shoulder the reparation cost of the flood, likes to complain, and hates the landlord, which might lead to trouble one day. But despite all that, he doesn’t have the guts to send the Coronatite over!”
Hey, are you defending me or getting in my way? Make it clear!
As I was wondering how to shut Aqua up, Megumin took off her eye patch and said:
“Very well, since you want to think of Kazuma as a terrorist, I’ll show you what a real terrorist is like… Hey, what are you doing! Release me!”
Seeing Megumin’s crimson eyes glowing, the guards rushed in to subdue her.
“No–! This is weird! Too weird! My clear eyes can see evil lingering in the air inside this court! Just wait for a moment, I’ll purify the air right now… Ah! I’m not using any suspicious magic, don’t get in my way!”
“Usage of spells are strictly prohibited within the courts! It might interfere with the lie detection magic device!”
“Enough, get them both out of here!”
Sena stood up, instructing the guards to take Megumin and Aqua away.
“Order! Order!… I said order in the court!”
The judge finally lost it, roaring as he threw the mallet.
The guards were dragging Megumin and Aqua away when suddenly,
“– Your Honor, please look at this.”
Darkness, who had remained quiet without saying a word, took something out from her chest.
It was a pendant that looked valuable with an insignia on it.
I didn’t know what that was, but it was something everyone in court knew about.
“Th-That’s… Y-You’re…”
The judge stood up in surprise, staring wide eyed at the pendant.
Under the stares of everyone present, Darkness said softly:
“Pardon me, could you suspend the trial for me? I don’t mean to get the prosecutor to throw the case out. I just need time to prove that this man is not a minion of the Demon King’s army, and is innocent. At the same time, I’ll ask him to compensate the landlord for the mansion.”
Sena and the judge stood stiffly as they stared at the insignia presented by Darkness.
Under such a circumstance, only the landlord managed to protest weakly.
“This… But, even if you request for this…!”
“Alderp. As the victim in all this, you could count this as me owing you a favor. If it’s within my means, I can do anything for you. I’m not asking you to withdraw the charges, I just hope you can wait a while longer.”
Hearing what Darkness said, the landlord stood where he was and gulped.
“Anything?! An… Anything…!”
“That’s right, anything.”
Hearing what Darkness said, the landlord’s eyes shone as he looked at Darkness’s body lecherously.
He then sat back into his chair.
“All right; since you’re the one requesting, I’ll grant this man more time.”
– After being granted permission to leave the courts, I asked Darkness, who was following behind me:
“What was that just now? Or rather, you know that old man Alderp?”
“… You could say that. Ever since I was young, he had an obsession towards me. Ever since his wife passed on, he asked for my hand in marriage several times. But my father rejected him due to our age difference.”
How terrifying. How persistent is he?
“Are… Are you all right? Will it be fine to promise doing anything for that kind of old man? From the way he was checking you out, he’ll probably ask for something horrible.”
“… Something, something horrible…”
“You… Return my sympathy to me…”
As I was turned off by the pervert who started blushing and breathing heavily, I went together with Darkness to fetch Aqua and Megumin who were being detained.
– After Darkness’s negotiation, the court gave me two orders.
The first was to prove that I wasn’t a minion of the Demon King’s army.
The second was to compensate the landlord for his mansion.
To raise the funds, I brought Aqua along with me to Wiz’s shop.
I wanted to come alone, but Aqua kept following me.
“I understand what Kazuma’s thinking! You got into all this trouble because of that undead. You’re planning to rob her shop to pay off the debts, right?”
Aqua, who didn’t understand anything, said spiritedly in front of the shop.
“Get out here undead monster! I’ll send you to the other world!”
She shouted something silly as she kicked the door into Wiz’s shop open.
“Wh-What? Robbers? The mafia?… Eck–! It’s… It’s Aqua-sama!”
For some reason, Wiz was more afraid of Aqua than robbers and the mafia.
I moved into the shop and went over to Wiz, who was terrified because of Aqua and told her the verdict for the case.
“I see… First, congratulations on being released! I’m terribly sorry, Kazuma-san. It was all because I teleported that stone…”
“That’s right, if you understand then, ugh…!”
“Don’t worry about it. If Wiz wasn’t there back then, we wouldn’t have made through it unscathed. It blew the landlord’s mansion up, but no one was hurt. I just need to prove to Sena that I’m not a minion of the Demon King’s army to be cleared of any suspicion. But the next problem would be raising the funds to rebuild the landlord’s mansion.”
I didn’t know what nonsense Aqua was going to spout, so I covered her mouth and said that to Wiz; Wiz was relieved when she heard that.
“I see, you managed to buy some time. But as for money… I really want to help you, but my shop’s losing money, so I don’t have much cash on hand… I had a friend back from my days with the Demon King’s army. He was great in making money, but was an unfathomable person; I could never understand what he was thinking… It would be great if there’s anything else I can help you with…”
Wiz said with a troubled expression and started thinking behind her counter.
“No, I’m here because you can help me with something.”
“That’s right, the thing we need your help with is for you to move on from this world!”
I ignored Aqua’s nonsense and discussed with Wiz.
Simply put, with my existing debt and the lack of cash on hand, it will be difficult to raise the funds to rebuild the mansion of the landlord.
Since that’s the case, maybe I should put the plan I thought about in the past into action…
The civilization level here was more backwards than Earth. People who couldn’t use Tinder had to rely on flints.
If I start selling lighters in this world, it would certainly be a hit.
But I knew how much skill was needed to make such delicate items.
Even if I managed to make one, it would be impossible for any shop to suddenly agree to sell my wares.
That’s why I’m discussing it with Wiz to see if I could display merchandize somewhere in her store for a while.
– I explained the whole thing to Wiz.
I told her I would be making some convenient items, and asked for permission to display them in her shop.
If it sells, I would share a part of the profit with Wiz.
I told her that she might want to look at the things I made before deciding.
“It’s not easy to make a living with adventuring as a career. Hence, I must rely on doing business… And the only one I could rely on at such short notice is Wiz.”
“In other words, Kazuma’s saying that we’ll be taking over this shop, so hurry up and give us the deed… That hurts!”
I hit the back of Aqua’s head with the hilt of my dagger. I lowered my head and asked Wiz sincerely.
Even though she was afraid of Aqua who was nursing her head while rolling on the floor, Wiz still replied with a gentle smile.
“If it’s something like this, then there’s definitely no problem. I would very much like more variety with merchandize. My shop’s not that popular anyway… And if you’re making reparations for the landlord’s mansion, I’m related to it too… I don’t know what you plan to sell, but I’m looking forward to it, Kazuma-san.”
Seeing Wiz agree with a smile, I smiled along too.
If not for that thing rolling on the floor, the atmosphere would be much better.
… Suddenly, Wiz’s expression seemed a bit gloomy.
Her face was full of worries, as if she was wondering whether to tell me something.
“…? What is it? If there’s something bothering you, do tell me. I don’t plan to force this upon you, so if there’s something you’re worried about…”
Wiz waved her hands, gesturing that it was fine.
“No, I’m not worried about that! Um… It’s great for me if Kazuma-san is willing to place his merchandize in my shop. It’s unrelated to that; it’s about Aqua-sama…”
Wiz started hesitating with a troubled expression.
“…? What’s wrong with this girl? Oh… If I put my wares here, Aqua might come over from time to time and cause you trouble, huh? If you’re afraid of that girl, I’ll ask her to avoid coming here.”
Aqua might look like that, but she was a goddess after all.
As an undead, Wiz should feel uneasy in her presence.
“… No, that’s not it… It’s fine for Aqua-sama to visit… But she’ll talk to the customers when she’s here, saying that the merchandize here is made using unspeakable methods by the shop lady, and it’s better not to buy them…”
“Hey, what’s that all about?”
Hearing my low pitch question, Aqua, who was nursing her head on the floor, trembled for a moment.
“It’s… It’s fine! It’s all in the past now! The amazing thing is, things like holy water inside my shop were wildly popular with the male adventurers, so it’s fine…”
Should I say things worked out fine since it sold so well…
But was it okay for a lich to sell holy water?
Furthermore, were the adventurers in this town really fine?
“More importantly… Aqua-sama touches all the merchandize in my shop, causing all cursed and necromancy items to be purified, making many of the items unusable…”
“What were you thinking, you damn goddess!”
Seemed like she had been visiting Wiz’s shop and causing her trouble every now and then.
I dragged Aqua up and pushed her head down to apologize to Wiz.
“I’m sorry Wiz! I’ll take responsibility and compensate your damaged goods with her money! You jerk, don’t resist and apologize properly!”
“Wait Kazuma! I don’t wanna! And the water being purified after getting in contact with me is because of my holy aura, it can’t be helped! It’s just like plants photosynthesizing when the sun shines on them, it’s automatic! I really can’t control that!”
No, you shouldn’t touch the merchandize in the first place.
Aqua resisted with her neck and refused to bow down, so I bowed deeply in her place.
I’ve been forced to bow down to a lot of people because of her recently.
“Please, please, raise your head! It’s fine, it’s all in the past now! I just hope she won’t try to purify the goods from now on. I have troubled Aqua-sama a lot too, like asking her to send the lost souls in the cemetery to the other world and exorcise that mansion…!”
Wiz bowed in a hurry as she spoke.
When Aqua heard what Wiz said, the culprit that caused the spirit infestation in the mansion because of her laziness in purifying the cemetery averted her eyes.
… You should just switch jobs with Wiz.
TL: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Boring bone, Xenthur
“Hey–Kazuma–Where’s Darkness–? Isn’t she back yet?”
In front of the fireplace in the living room, Aqua, who was seated on the couch she claimed as her private seat, asked in a bored manner while hugging her knees.
– It had been several days since the verdict had been passed. To fulfill her promise, Darkness went off to see the landlord…
But after setting off last evening, she had yet to return.
I remembered the lecherous way the landlord checked Darkness out, and felt stuffiness in my chest.
After all, Darkness would follow her desires even when she faced a general of the Demon King’s army.
The situation right now should be to her liking.
I didn’t like Darkness in that way, and didn’t harbor any feelings of love toward her. If she wanted to go off with anyone, I had no right to stop her.
But she stayed out the whole night after saying she was going to fulfill her promise, which meant she stayed in the hotel room rented by the landlord, and was probably…
“… Ahhhhhh–!”
“Hya–what’s the matter? Hey, what’s wrong with you, why are you screaming while hugging your head! Kazuma, you’re already strange, but you’re acting especially weirdly today!”
As I was screaming and Aqua was alarmed.
– Megumin came to our side while hugging something.
Megumin didn’t say anything to the two of us, simply quietly holding on to the thing.
– I had been curious about that since long ago.
“Meow–”
An animal known as a cat… That’s what Megumin was holding in her arms.
Megumin didn’t say anything, and just kept staring at us.
“… You want to keep this thing in the mansion?”
“… Yes. This is a good child, and would not cause trouble for anyone… Is it fine?”
I didn’t know where the cat usually hid itself, but I saw it by Megumin’s side every now and then.
It allowed Megumin to hug it, squinting its eyes lazily.
“It should be fine, I guess? I don’t think anyone living here is allergic to cats… Oh, what’s with this guy, she’s good with people.”
I offered my hand to the cat in Megumin’s arms, and she used her paws to play with my fingers.
… This was a dangerous world.
Staying in this party full of problematic children induced a lot of stress.
Maybe I needed a pet that would heal my body and soul.
“That hurts! Why’s this cat only clawing at me? What’s going on, be it the black fur or that arrogant attitude… I can feel an evil aura from the body of this cat!”
Aqua, who was scratched after harassing the cat, was furious.
To protect it from the crazy blue haired beast, I took the cat from Megumin’s arms.
I turned my back to Aqua and placed the cat onto the carpet in one swift motion, protecting it.
… Speaking of which, we didn’t finish the fish we had for breakfast.
“Hey, Megumin. What’s the name of this evil beast?”
“Chomusuke.”
I picked up the plate with the leftover fish from the dining table…
“… What did you say the cat’s name is again?”
“It’s Chomusuke.”
… I held the leftover fish and squatted before the black cat… Chomusuke, it must be hard on you to have such a weird owner…
I placed the fish before Chomusuke, but she didn’t eat it immediately, and just sniffed it a little.
“Hey, Megumin. That’s a female cat, right? I don’t think that name suits her.”
“No. Its name is Chomusuke.”
As I listened to the conversation behind me and was looking at Chomusuke.
– Chomusuke spit out a small burst of fire to grill the fish.
… What was that?
I hugged my knees and sat on the carpet, watching Chomusuke eat the leftover fish…
“… Hey, Aqua, this cat can spit fire.”
I told Aqua softly.
Since the cabbages in this world could fly, cats spitting fire aren’t anything unusual.
“What kind of silly talk is that? Kazuma, are you all right?”
“Cats don’t spit fire. Cats are animals that purr and meow.”
“That’s right. And they like to eat fish and look cute too.”
I know that.
“No, this thing just spit fire and grilled the fish before eating it.”
“… Kazuma, you must be tired.”
“You were detained in court after all, a lot of things have happened.”
“It’s true! I’m not crazy!”
I yelled while pointing at Chomusuke. Megumin said:
“Anyway, what were you two arguing about just now? If it’s about Darkness, she’s not a kid anymore, it’s fine even if she doesn’t return for a few days. Please calm down.”
Megumin didn’t believe me at all.
“… You’re too calm. Do you know what the landlord is doing to Darkness right now? It must be something terrible.”
Megumin scoffed at my words.
“He’s a landlord after all, what could someone with such status do to Darkness… Wait, I did hear quite a bit of negative news related to this landlord, but Darkness is an adventurer. I don’t think she’ll just let him have his way with her.”
This idiot! She doesn’t understand Darkness at all!
“This is why people call you a child! You spent so much time together with Darkness and you still don’t understand that pervert? She’ll definitely end up blushing bright red and saying, ‘Ugh! Even if you have your way with my body, you’ll never have my heart! I will not yield to you!’”
“!”
After Megumin finally got what was going on, she hugged Chomusuke who was biting into the fish.
“Wh-Wh-What should we do? Darkness, Darkness is in danger! What should we do, Kazuma?”
“She left yesterday and it’s already been one night, so it’s too late. Listen up, when Darkness comes back, you have to treat her as gently as usual.”
“I-I will! Since Darkness has become an adult, we can’t ask her what happened either, right?”
“Ahwahah…! Darkness… Darkness, she…!”
Aqua clenched her fist to show that we could count on her while Megumin’s face turned pale from helplessness.
If not for Darkness’s actions, I would’ve been executed. I was grateful for what Darkness did for me and had no grounds to complain, but…
… Ah, damn it!
I stress this again, I didn’t like Darkness that way or had any feelings for her. Even though there were no feelings of love, I couldn’t help feeling frustrated for some unknown reason.
When a female friend hitched up with another guy, that was the complicated feeling I felt back then. At that moment–
“Satou Kazuma! Is Satou Kazuma here–?”
With this angry shout, someone pushed open the door into the mansion suddenly.
The one who pushed the door open in a rough manner was the panting Sena. Her face was red and her shoulders were shaking.
“Hey, hey, what are you doing here? There’s still some time before the deadline for me to prove my innocence, right? Sorry, I don’t have time for you right now, my comrade…”
“You say you have no time for me? Don’t bullshit me! So, you really are a minion of the Demon King’s army! You’ve got guts to cause this mess!”
It was a false accusation, but seeing Sena act so agitated gave me an ominous feeling, so I asked cautiously:
“Wha… What do you mean by ‘this mess’…?”
“It’s frogs! The frogs that should be hibernating came out and are moving everywhere outside the town!”
She should be referring to the giant frogs that were synonymous with monsters here. But what did such a thing have to do with us…?
“Don’t frame us for this. Or are you insinuating that we’re controlling the monsters and woke the hibernating frogs up? Show me the evidence for that!”
Megumin moved in front, ready for a quarrel.
“According to the reports from the guild staff, the frogs seemed to be fearing something when they emerged from the ground… Speaking of fear, it reminded me of someone casting an explosion spell not far from town, terrorizing the citizens.”
Aqua and Megumin made a run for the interior of the mansion, but I grabbed the back of their collars before they could get away.
“Wait, let me explain! I only did it because Aqua asked me too! I was the one who did it, but the mastermind’s Aqua!”
“How sly Megumin! Weren’t you excited when I came to discuss it with you? You even said, ‘Let me show you my power!’.”
Grabbing the collar of the two who were turning on each other, I said:
“Now’s not the time to fight so disgracefully! Go and clean up the mess you made!”
Looking outside, the town was already covered in snow.
Part 2
“No–! I had enough–! I don’t want to be eaten by the frogs–!”
Aqua’s scream echoed out loud.
“But to think the frogs are still agile even when it’s this cold outside. They’re moving as fast as usual. Both animals and vegetations are strong around here.”
I watched the frogs chasing Aqua around on the snow field and commented thoughtfully.
“Because of the harsh environment in this world, all living beings try their hardest every single moment. We mustn’t lose to them; we have to become stronger to survive in this dangerous world.”
Megumin answered my words with a serious expression.
– While her body below the shoulders was inside the mouth of a frog.
Perhaps because of her prior experience, Megumin remained calm and didn’t resist, allowing the frog to swallow her.
Prior to this, Megumin had already cast explosion magic and took out many frogs.
Megumin couldn’t move after exhausting her mana, but the frog didn’t continue its swallowing action and stopped moving.
Maybe Megumin’s staff was stuck in its mouth.
“Hold on, I’ll save you.”
I raised my sword and faced the frog that was eating Megumin.
“No, it’s fine for you to take down the frog chasing after Aqua first. It’s cold outside, I prefer the warmth inside the frog’s mouth.”
I thought this girl was normal aside from her obsession of Explosion and didn’t expect her to have such great tolerance.
“Why you… One of your comrades is being swallowed by a frog while the other is being chased around, how can you remain so calm?”
Sena who was here as a witness found this strange and asked stupendously.
That might be so, but this was normal for our party.
I decided to save Megumin later. I stuck my sword into the ground and took out my bow and arrow I purchased earlier.
During the invasion of the Mobile Fortress Destroyer, I defeated some golems and raised two levels.
After getting the skill points, I thought about what skills to learn. After careful consideration, despite having a tough iron wall in Darkness, we lacked someone who could attack from range.
Megumin could be considered as one, but she could only attack a single time, and might drag Darkness into the explosion.
And so, it would be up to me. I might be weak, but I could learn the skills of all the classes.
Using the unique point of this class, I got the archer Keith to teach me the skills Bowmanship and Snipe.
As its name suggests, Bowmanship is a skill that allows a novice like me to learn how to use bows.
As for Snipe, it increased the range of projectiles, raising accuracy proportionally with luck, and was a skill well suited for me.
I nocked an arrow and aimed for the frog chasing Aqua…!
“Kazuma–! Hurry–! Hurry up–!”
Seeing me draw the bow, Aqua shouted as she fled.
… I felt like letting them chase her for a little while longer.
Seeing that I wasn’t intending to shoot the arrow, Aqua ran towards me. It made me feel like I might get in danger too, so I had no choice but to fire the arrow at the head of the frog.
The arrow brushed over the top of Aqua’s head, and pierced the frog’s head.
Aqua, who was on the verge of tears, continued charging toward me.
“Well then, I’ll save you now Megumin.”
“Hey, Kazuma, were you waiting for me to be eaten just now? Hey, you were going to let the frog eat me, right?! And your arrow almost destroyed the charm point on my head!”
I ignored Aqua, who was pressuring me, and pulled out the sword in the ground.
“… Do you always fight in such a dangerous manner? Are… Are these bunch of people really related to the Demon King’s army…?”
Sena was mumbling something as she noted down the ongoing battle.
I raised my sword at the immobile frog to rescue Megumin–
“Wait, there’s frogs…!”
Megumin, who was sticking out from the frog’s mouth, said tensely.
Aqua and I, who were facing Megumin, turned when we heard what she said.
“… Ah.”
Another three giant frogs came out of nowhere.
I was cool and collected earlier, but could now feel the cold sweat on my back.
This was bad. Now there are four frogs.
In that case, there weren’t enough baits… I mean, people to distract the frogs.
I could Snipe them one at a time if there was some distance, but…!
“Aqua, we’ll split up! I’ll pull away and try to dispose of one, you continue luring them!”
“I don’t wanna–! I don’t want to be chased by frogs anymore–! You be the bait–!”
“Your attack power isn’t enough to defeat frogs, stupid! If we can take one down, there’ll just be two left! We can stop them with you and Sena!”
“Ehh? I-I’m just here to inspect, I shouldn’t take part in the fight…! And are you planning to use a normal person like me as bait?”
As Aqua was wailing and Sena shouting, Megumin said:
“Excuse me, I’m being gradually swallowed, you can save me anytime now.”
“I’ve had enough, if only Darkness was here! That armored girl wouldn’t be swallowed by frogs! When will she come back–?
As I raised my sword toward the frog preparing to swallow Megumin–!
“Light of Saber–!”
– A clear voice echoed on the snowy field.
At the same time, a beam of light shone across the body of the frog.
A moment after the light faded away, the frog split in half.
As I was busy dragging Megumin out of the frog’s mouth–
“Energy Ignition!”
That clear voice announced again.
At the same time, the three frogs closing in on us suddenly caught on fire. With fire pouring out of their mouth as if they were burning from the inside, they morphed into bluish white fireballs.
As I sniffed the fragrance of cooked frog meat, I used Drain Touch to share some mana with Megumin since I didn’t want to carry her back while she was covered in goo.
… And so, Megumin, somewhat unsteadily, managed to stand up.
In Megumin’s line of sight was a young girl in black robes.
She was probably a year or two younger than me.
The girl I had never seen before was staring at Megumin.
“That was Advanced Magic just now…! There’s someone who could use Advanced Magic in this town…?”
As Sena who was behind me shouted in surprise, I bowed towards the girl before me.
“I don’t know who you are, but thank you for saving us.”
After I thanked her, the girl stole a glance at me and seemed a little shy as her cheeks blushed.
“I-I wasn’t planning to save you. It’s just that having my rival be eaten by a mere frog would leave a bad taste in my mouth, that’s all…”
She lowered her head and mumbled.
“What? You and Megumin know each other?”
After the frogs were defeated, Aqua regained her composure and asked the girl excitedly.
“Rather than know each other, we’re more like rivals… – Long time no see, Megumin! As promised, I’ve returned after completing my training! As you can see, I can use Advanced Magic freely now! All right, it’s time to fulfill the promise I made! I’ll settle our long-time rivalry today!”
That girl said as she pointed at Megumin. She seemed happy.
What kind of hot-blooded development was this?
As for the one who was asked for by name–!
“…? Who are you?”
“Eh?”
Megumin who was covered in goo said nonchalantly, making that girl shriek.
On closer inspection, that girl seemed to be dressed in a similar way to Megumin.
The black robes and cloak on her body were similar in design with Megumin’s.
She held a silver staff in her hand, and had a short sword sheathed on her waist.
She was slightly taller than Megumin, and had a slender and proportionate body.
She had a determined expression and looked gentle, and she was also very beautiful.
If she were in Japan, she would’ve been the class monitor or the student council president. She gave off that kind of model student feeling.
Her black hair was tied together with a ribbon, and the most striking thing about her were her crimson pupils.
That’s right, her eye color was the same as Megumin.
“It’s… It’s me! You remember, right? We were classmates at the Crimson Demon Academy! Megumin was always the top student, while I was number 2! And I said I would go on a journey to train myself until I could use Advanced Magic…!”
The Crimson Demon girl pointed at her own face as she explained frantically with teary eyes.
Wait, she just casually mentioned something amazing.
“… Hey, I can’t ignore that. Did she just say you were the top of your school?”
Hearing me say that, Megumin smiled softly.
“Why are you still saying this? I already told you that I was the best wizard of the Crimson Demons when we first met, didn’t we? Kazuma was just too dumb to realize the truth. But after knowing me for so long, it’s about time for you to believe me, right?”
“If someone believed what you said after seeing you covered in goo, I would want to see how that person looks like.”
“Why, why you!”
“Please, please, wait a minute!”
Seeing Megumin and I quarreling, the Crimson Demon girl interrupted.
“Hey, it’s me Megumin! Did you really forget about me? Try to recall how I was always challenging you in everything at school. You always said I had to place an adequate bet, and would accept if I bet my lunch! And you conned me of my lunch every time!”
So, she had been doing for a long time.
I looked at Megumin, and she averted her eyes.
“Hey, I think they’ll take a long time. Can I go back to the guild first? Otherwise, the frogs’ meat will go bad. Can I go get the people from the guild to ferry the frogs back?”
Aqua said while she pointed at the carcasses of the frogs.
To be honest, it would be a pain for me to stay behind alone.
But given our current situation, whatever money we could scrounge helped, so it would be better to send Aqua back to settle this.
And that way, Megumin and I would be able to return to the mansion directly, and I could dump Megumin who stunk like the insides of frogs into the bath.
“… Hmm. Seems like you still have much to talk about. Well then, I’ll take my leave today… Kazuma-san, your adventure today was pathetic, but I won’t throw out the possibility that this was just an act to deceive me… I can’t trust you just yet.”
After looking at me with stern eyes, Sena returned to town together with Aqua.
After being left behind on the snow field, I asked Megumin once again:
“Why did she keep saying she knew you? She seemed to know you very well, so hurry up and remember her, all right?”
“I don’t know her. And she didn’t even mention her name. Isn’t that suspicious? This must be the scam Kazuma told Aqua that she mustn’t pull, that ‘it’s me it’s me’ scam. You must absolutely not trust her.”
Megumin pulled on my hand after saying that and wanted to leave.
Seeing that we were planning to leave for town, the girl said in a hurry:
“Wait, wait–! I-I know, it’s embarrassing to do this in front of others, but I’ll introduce myself!… I’m Yunyun, an Archwizard, wielder of Advanced Magic, and the one who’ll become the chief of the Crimson Demons in the future…!”
After Yunyun introduced herself with a blushing face, she flicked her cloak.
Do the Crimson Demons have a culture of making exaggerated performances when introducing themselves?
As she looked at Yunyun, Megumin said to me:
“That’s how it is. She’s Yunyun, the daughter of the village chief of the Crimson Demons. She claimed to be my rival during our school days and will inherit the position of village chief in the future.”
“Okay. I’m this girl’s adventuring comrade, Kazuma. Nice to meet you, Yunyun.”
“So, you do remember me!… Hmm, this is strange. Kazuma… san? Um, why didn’t you laugh after hearing my name?”
Yunyun was confused and asked me timidly.
After getting used to Megumin’s name, I wasn’t really fazed upon hearing the weird names of the Crimson Demons.
“Your name’s a bit strange, but that has nothing to do with your personality, right? There are people in this world with a strange name and a strong presence, but still somehow manages to get the nickname of ‘Explosion girl with a screw loose’.”
“Is that me? Are you talking about me? That nickname stuck on before I knew it!”
Hearing me say that, Yunyun showed an astonished and surprised expression.
“… I see, as expected of Megumin, you found a good comrade. You’re my rival indeed.”
For some reason, her impression of me seemed to be improving.
“Anyway, do you want to talk about this at another place? It’s inconvenient to talk while standing here.”
Hearing me say that, Yunyun remembered something. She lifted her head and moved away from Megumin and me.
“It’s all because Megumin pretended not to know me that it became so weird…! Megumin, I’m here to settle things with you! I’m the one who will be the chief of the Crimson Demons! If I don’t defeat you, I can’t possibly take the position of the chief in the future! And most importantly…!”
Yunyun lifted her hand and said while pointing at Megumin:
“As promised, I learned Advanced Magic. Next, I’ll be defeating you and getting the title of strongest of the Crimson Demons. That way, no one can fault me when I take the position of chief. I won’t let anyone say I depended on my family connections! Come Megumin, let’s duel!”
With resolve in her eyes, Yunyun declared in front of Megumin.
“I don’t wanna. It’s freezing outside, and my body temperature is starting to drop.”
Hearing Megumin say that matter-of-factly, Yunyun said “Hmm–” and stood there stiffly.
“It’s settled then, let’s go back. I’ll heat the water up, so go wash up first. After your bath, we’ll all have a meal together.”
After I said that and was about to leave together with Megumin…
“Wait, wait, wait! Hey, why? We haven’t seen each other in so long, so why are you treating me so coldly? Megumin, please duel with me, okay–!”
Seeing us move, Yunyun stopped us in a hurry.
Megumin sighed.
“… But I can’t use magic anymore today, my mana’s exhausted. And you were planning to duel with me using magic, right? Kukuku… You underestimate my strength. With just my strength alone, I vaporized eight foolish frogs in one shot. Can you do that, Yunyun?”
Megumin lowered her tone, saying this in a chuunibyou manner. Yunyun looked at me with a surprised expression.
She was probably asking me if this was true.
“Yeah, she did vaporize eight frogs with just one spell.”
She couldn’t move after that and was eaten though.
Hearing my confirmation, Yunyun turned pale and gulped with her head down.
“You weren’t in this town so you might not know… But did you hear about these rumors? A boss of the Demon King’s army was tricked by me and lured to this town by my constant explosion spells cast at his castle, and was defeated. The Mobile Fortress Destroyer that claimed to be invulnerable was blown up by explosion magic in this town!”
After hearing all that, Yunyun alternated her gaze between Megumin and me with fear in her eyes.
… She didn’t lie.
“Well, the boss of the Demon King’s army did come to town because Megumin cast explosion magic daily, and the one who dealt the final blow to the Destroyer was definitely Megumin.”
That’s one way to look at the truth…
After I said that, Yunyun’s face turned deathly pale.
“E-E-Even so, I still want to duel! I must duel…! No matter how slim my chances are, I’ll keep challenging you!”
Even though she was blinking away tears, there were things she would never back down from. Yunyun was afraid, but she still resolutely announced this.
Seeing this, Megumin heavily sighed once again.
“… You’re really troublesome. How about this, since I can’t use magic anymore today, how about sparring physically? You’re an adventurer now, so competing in an academic test should be unacceptable for you, right? No weapons; we’ll battle until one of us surrenders… Is that fine with you?”
Yunyun said with a surprised expression:
“… Is that really fine? That Megumin who skipped most of the physical education classes… Could it be…? You want to let me win? That Megumin who kept walking before me during lunch, and rob me of my lunch when I challenged her?”
“… You really are a good-for-nothing.”
“… That was a matter of life and death for me. Because of the circumstances in my family, her lunch was my lifeline. If I had taken the initiative and challenged her, wouldn’t that be the same as extortion?”
Yunyun closed her eyes.
She took a deep breath and smiled brilliantly.
“I understand, we’ll spar then… I know what you’ll say next. ‘If you want to challenge me, you have to place an adequate bet!’ The bet this time is this manatite crystal. It’s a high quality manatite with remarkable purity, an item all mages crave for!”
Yunyun took out a small jewel.
With the name Manatite, it should be jewel that contains mana.
Megumin looked at that thing and gave a satisfied nod.
“Very well, I’ll accept your challenge! Well then, come at me!”
Megumin opened her arms in a taunting stance and announced.
Opposite of her, Yunyun lowered her stance and clenched her fists.
From the looks of it, Yunyun had the advantage in size.
Yunyun was taller, bigger and had longer limbs with proportionate muscles. In contrast, Megumin didn’t look like a proficient melee fighter no matter how loose the standard was.
The impression Megumin gave was of a little girl you could find anywhere: a weak mage.
Yunyun closed in slowly.
Megumin maintained her open arms posture, ready to grab Yunyun at any time…
“… Hey, Megumin. Hold on… Um, you seem a bit wet and shiny, is that…”
“That’s right~ It’s goo from the frogs.”
Megumin immediately answered Yunyun’s uneasy question.
Yunyun’s face twisted instantly, but Megumin ignored her and continued:
“Thank you for saving me just now. This slimy thing all over me are fluids secreted from the stomach of the frog… But enough about that, attack me. The moment you come near, I’ll hug you without reservation and wrestle with you.”
Megumin declared with her arms wide open, advancing slowly bit by bit while Yunyun backed away with a disgusted face.
“Me-Megumin? Don’t joke like this. You’re not serious, right? This is just a strategy to diminish my will to fight and trick me to surrender, right? Right? You always did that when we were in school. I-I won’t be fooled anymore!”
Yunyun put on a strong front as she backed away, but Megumin got closer to her slowly, her crimson eyes shining.
Megumin’s face looked like a kid who wanted to pull a prank on a friend.
“We’re friends, right? Real friends must go through thick and thin together.”
When she heard what Megumin said, Yunyun turned back and ran.
Megumin chased after her.
“Surrender! I surrender! I’ll give you the mana crystal, so please don’t come over!”
After Megumin smeared goo all over Yunyun and made her leave in tears, we made our way back to the mansion.
“Ah, Kazuma, take this. It should fetch a good price. Clear some of the debts with it.”
On the way back, Megumin gave me the Manatite crystal.
I remembered Yunyun saying that this was something any mage would want.
“Is that fine? Why not keep it? I don’t know how to use it.”
Megumin laughed softly when she heard my question.
“A Manatite crystal is a convenient item that can take the place of mana when casting spells, but it’s just a consumable item. From the purity and size of that crystal, it’s not enough to sustain the massive mana expenditure of explosion spells. That thing is precious for normal wizards, but useless to archwizards like me who cast magic on a grand scale.”
She’s saying this so arrogantly…
“… Isn’t that a good thing? Hey, I’ll say it again, but do you have any intention of learning spells other than Explosion…”
“I don’t intend to.”
“I thought so.”
Hearing Megumin’s immediate reply, I sighed heavily.
Never mind, I couldn’t force her. And there were times when she was dependable too…
… Was there ever such a time?
The girl named Yunyun used Advanced Magic.
She elegantly took down the frogs in an instant.
Apart from her spellcasting abilities, she looked pretty good too.  She had a pretty face and a nice body.
Compared to that excellent mage…
“… What is it? Why are you sighing… Aside from powerful magic abilities, the Crimson Demons also have high intelligence, so I can tell what Kazuma’s thinking about.”
Seeing me sigh as I walked, Megumin asked with a face full of doubt.
……
“… I was thinking that compared to that girl, Megumin’s much prettier.”
“Thank you for your compliment! As thanks, I’ll give you a tight hug!”
“Stop, stahp! Don’t come near me, you still stink like a frog!”
– I opened the door to the mansion and saw that Aqua had not returned yet.
I was hoping to find Darkness here, but there was still no sign of her.
My back was feeling all sticky so I walked briskly towards the bathroom.
“Ugh… It stinks…  I never thought a hug from a girl could feel so unpleasant.”
“You should be happier about it. Some people are willing to pay a lot for a girl covered in goo to hug them.”
Megumin who was following behind me nonchalantly said.
– As I headed into the changing room, Megumin tugged on the corner of my shirt.
“… What?”
“The goo’s making me uncomfortable, let me bathe first.”
“I’m uncomfortable too, and this is your fault. And if I don’t go in first, there’s no way to heat the water up. Our heater needs mana to work, so you can’t use it since your mana’s depleted. The mana I shared with you can only produce lukewarm water. If you understand, wait obediently in front of the fireplace for me to finish.”
I waved my hand, gesturing Megumin to leave. She said with a displeased face:
“If I don’t wash away the goo and sit before the fireplace, my robes will stink after they dry. Haven’t you heard of ladies first? Men should take care of ladies.”
“I’m someone who sincerely wishes for equality for all genders. I hate people who push for chivalry when the situation benefits them, and complain about not being men when they’re at a disadvantage. And you’re not old enough to be a lady anyway.”
“Ah! You’re treating me like a kid! We’re just three years apart, okay! Ten years later, we’ll be 23 and 26, there’s not much of a difference…”
“The future’s the future, and the past the past. I’m a man who lives in the present. In my eyes, you’re a child right now, that’s it. All right then– I’ll be the first one to bathe!”
As I was saying this, I headed into the bathroom and lit the magic heater. I then took off my shirt that was covered in goo.
“You’re really stripping!”
Megumin was surprised by my actions, but I didn’t feel anything about a kid seeing my naked body.
“I’ll need to charge if you want to continue watching. I will not back down. Never.”
Megumin bit her lips vexingly, and then laughed when she remembered something.
With a smile confident of victory, she taunted:
“… I see. I understand, Kazuma doesn’t see me as a woman right now. Then how about bathing together. Since you don’t see me as a woman, there should be no problem, right?”
“You’re right, there won’t be any problem if we bathe together. I’ll go on ahead.”
“Eh?”
Seeing me reply nonchalantly, Megumin who suggested this was surprised.
“Ex-Excuse me, shouldn’t the next development be you saying something shyly like, ‘Id-Idiot, it would be nice if we could do that’, and then let me go first unwillingly, right?”
“Why do I have to follow such a cliché script? Let me tell you first, I won’t follow such cliche developments. Let me give you an example. Let’s say Megumin falls for me, and some other girl starts flirting with me and Megumin became jealous. If you use unreasonably violence on me, I won’t hesitate in fighting back. I’ll do the right thing when the time comes, you better remember that.”
“… I underestimated Kazuma. Don’t worry, I’ll never fall for you. And that’s not how you use the phrase ‘Do the right thing at the right time’, but never mind.”
After stating her piece, Megumin seemed to have given up and walked out of the bathroom. And so, I…
“Oh? After taunting me about it, you’re not going to bathe together with me? You gutless girl. That’s why I see you as a kid.”
“You say I have no guts? How dare you, it’s just bathing together; you think I’m scared?! Stop covering with your towel and hurry up!”
“Hey, you jerk, let go, don’t pull my towel you pervert! Why are you so open about this! Did that girl Yunyun ever tell you that you’re like a boy? You are too carefree about this, watch yourself!”
Megumin took off her robe without hesitation, covered her body with a towel and walked into the bathroom.
– Hmm?
For an instance, I thought I saw some sort of tattoo on Megumin’s butt through the gaps of her towel.
“The water isn’t warm enough. Pump more mana in, more mana! Come here, hurry up!”
Megumin yelled after putting her hand into the bathtub.
Was I mistaken?… Never mind, forget it.
“Fu…”
“Fu… It’s nice to bathe leisurely during the day… I think I can fall asleep here…”
I soaked my shoulders under the water in the wide tub, and stretched my limbs out to relax.
A big bathtub was the best point about this mansion.
“By the way, are you going to ignore that girl Yunyun? Hasn’t it been a long time since both of you met?”
“We’ll meet again soon enough anyway. That girl claiming to be my rival loves to chase after me.”
Megumin soaked her shoulders into the water and kept her chin near the surface of the bathtub. Her eyes were closed and she seemed to be enjoying herself.
“The name Yunyun might be a bit off, but she looks cute. For an acquaintance of yours, she seemed to have good manners and common sense.”
“Are you insinuating that I lack common sense? And she’s my age, why aren’t you treating her like a child?”
While keeping her chin at the edge of the water, Megumin opened one eye and stole a glance at me.
Megumin’s the same age as that girl… I took a good look at Megumin who was soaking in the bath.
“… Hey, tell me what you’re thinking while you’re looking at my body.”
“… I’m thinking that the speed of growth is different for everyone… Hey, stop that, don’t chant Explosion! I know you’ve exhausted your mana, but this isn’t good for my heart!”
As I said that, I copied Megumin’s posture and moved my chin to the edge of the water.
“But that means she’s just thirteen years old. My strike zone’s two years younger than me, so thirteen’s out. If she were fourteen, that would make us middle-two and high-one, which is borderline acceptable for me.”
I muttered casually.
“Middle-two and high-one?… I’m not sure what you mean, but I’ll be fourteen next month. You won’t treat me like a kid after that?”
Megumin who was relaxing in the bath said with her eyes closed…
“… Huh, are you serious? Your birthday’s next month? Eh, fourteen? You’re graduating from being a loli character?”
“Who’s a loli character? I don’t recall making such a character! And… what’s with you? Why are you suddenly acting strange…?”
Someone I thought of as an incapable young sister was gradually morphing in my mind into an incapable junior…
“We-Well, I suddenly think this situation’s a bit embarrassing.”
“Hey, don’t say that, that’ll make me feel embarrassed too! What is wrong with you? Is one year that much of a difference? And can you stop shyly stealing glances at me?”
Why? For some strange reason, my heart started racing.
At this moment, I realized I was in an incredible situation.
“… Hey, why am I bathing together with Megumin? Thinking about it, isn’t this situation bad?”
“Why are you saying this now? Don’t suddenly come to your senses!”
Megumin started inching away from me in the pool.
I also backed away from the other end and told Megumin:
“Not that, I mean if someone were to see us like this, we can’t just laugh it off, right? There should be a law or rules governing this. Especially a girl that can’t read the mood will tend to…”
Before I finished my sentence.
“I’m home–!”
From the distance came the voice of that girl who can’t read the mood.
“It’s all your fault Kazuma! You were the one who triggered this flag!”
“Now’s not the time to say this! Anyway, one of us needs to get out now!”
Megumin and I got out of the tub at the same time, and returned immediately.
“Why are you getting out together with me? The towel’s soaked, I already saw a lot of you, and you saw a lot of me!”
“You’re one to talk! I’ll get out first, you stay in there! Did you lock the door? Did you lock the door into the changing room?”
“No, no I didn’t lock it! Aqua will certainly come here at a time like this! What should we do? Think of something quick!”
What’s there to think of, one of us just needs to exit the bathroom and it should be fine!
If Aqua were to see us like this, she’ll won’t let me off, and give me nicknames like ‘LoliNEET’, ‘Lolima’ and spread it all over town!
“Kazuma–! Megumin–? I’m home–! Will someone welcome me back?! I sold the frog and brought the money back–!”
Aqua’s voice was getting closer.
I hastily got out of the bathtub and charged towards the changing room.
As I ran, the thumping footsteps drew near…
“Kazuma–!… What, so you’re bathing?”
Aqua seemed to notice I was in here.
The moment before the door to the changing room was about to open, I used all the mana within me and stretched my right hand out, concentrating with all of my might!
“Freeze–!”
Using all my mana, the Freeze I bet everything on froze the door handle of the changing room door in an instant. Fatigue and weakness assaulted me after I exhausted all my mana, and I collapsed onto the floor.
“Kazuma–I left both of your share of the money on the table in the living room! Let’s grab a bite after you finish your bath!”
After that, Aqua left without opening the door.
… That made sense. If she knew someone was inside, why would she open the door and look at my naked body? This wasn’t a manga.
“Are… Are you okay, Kazuma? Did you deplete your mana? I should say that was a close one. If things were to have escalated…”
“… I would be labeled a lolicon. Too close… Ah, Megumin, sorry to trouble you, but can you help me wipe my body? I’m completely out of mana and can’t move. I’ll catch a cold if I lie down here.”
I lay face down on the floor, asking for her help without seeing Megumin’s face, but…
“… Hey, why will you be labeled a lolicon if you bathe with me, explain clearly. You have guts to say such things when you can’t move.”
“Hey, stop it asshole! Why are you grabbing my towel! You want to be labeled a pervert?! Hey…! A-Aqua–! Aqua–! There’s a loli molesting me–!”
Aqua barged into the room after hearing me crying for help, and bestowed on me the nickname of ‘LoliNEET’.
The second dinner that felt a bit lonely without Darkness ended without incident.
– The next morning.
“… The two of them are out early.”
I muttered to myself when I reached the living room.
After discussing with them last night, we reached the consensus that going on quests without Darkness was too dangerous.
So, we decided to act on our own for today.
… Darkness didn’t return last night.
I heard the landlord was very obsessed with her. Was she being detained?
Or did she have some accident…?
If she didn’t come back tonight, I would need to take action.
It was too troublesome to make breakfast for myself, so I decided to eat out. As I was wandering around town, I saw a familiar Crimson Demon girl.
That girl was strolling along the street while looking at the food in the stalls.
In the end, she hung around the kebab stall, observing it.
A short while later, a customer came to the stall, chatted with the owner for a while, and left after buying three kebabs.
After seeing that, the girl made up her mind and bought three kebabs just like the previous customer.
… Seemed like this was the first time she was buying things here, and was unsure of how to place orders.
I was considering approaching her, but looking at how happy she was eating the kebab, I decided to leave her alone.
“– Strange monsters are appearing near town, they aren’t strong, but…”
“Right, I heard about that too. That thing has a weird shape, and will grab onto anything that moves and detonate, right?”
I had breakfast at a random shop, and heard two adventurers talking about this topic while wandering around town.
… Strange monsters?
To me, most of the monsters in this world were strange.
I’ll be careful of this anyway.
As I was thinking about that while strolling, the girl I saw earlier appeared before me again, walking around the target shooting game stall this time.
The target shooting game was different from Japan. It used real bows and arrows with a round end. Most of the players were couples, with the guy shooting and gifting the prize to the lady.
I see, couples visited this street often. It’s something akin to the holy grounds for dates.
The stall was targeting lovebirds going on dates.
This was obvious from the prize displayed in front of the store.
That girl was probably too shy to play the shooting game by herself. She waited for all the couples to vacate completely before she started challenging the game.
Maybe she wasn’t proficient with bow and arrows, but she couldn’t hit the prize she wanted no matter how many times she tried.
After that girl challenged many times, another couple came in to play the game. She returned the bow to the owner and was about to leave in shame.
… Hmm…
Strictly speaking, her relationship with us should be rather bad since her rival was in my party, but…
I walked towards that girl and said ‘hi’ casually.
“…? Ah! Um, hello, Kazuma-san…!”
– I didn’t even look at Yunyun who greeted me, handing my money to the owner of the shooting game stall directly.
Snipe!
Using my sniping skill, I hit the prize Yunyun wanted in one shot.
The prize that I hit was a samurai-like doll that looked a little like Winter Shogun.
“Here, you want this right?”
I grabbed the prize and handed it to Yunyun a bit cockily.
If I were in Yunyun’s shoes, it wouldn’t be surprising to fall for me because of that.
Yunyun’s cheeks turned red and hesitated for a moment, unsure if she should accept.
Moments later, she smiled brilliantly and said:
“Thank… Thank you…”
“Customer, you can’t do that. Can’t you read the sign? No archers and Snipe ability users allowed. You can keep the prize, but you have to pay me three times the fees.”
– I didn’t look very cool as I apologized to the owner while topping up the fees.
“Well then, I’m still looking for my party mates, see you.”
I was a bit embarrassed, so I raised a hand and said that to Yunyun as I prepared to leave…
“Hmm? Ah, um…”
Yunyun looked as if she wanted to stop me, reaching a hand out for me…
But she withdrew her hand halfway, putting it on the doll in her arms and bowed to me.
“Um… Thank you, thank you for getting Winter Shogun for me!”
So that doll really was Winter Shogun.
Because of my trauma of being killed by that guy, I had the urge to shoot the doll with a real arrow. But since she looked so happy, I let it go.
– After parting ways with Yunyun, I started strolling around town once again.
With how prominent my party mates were, finding them should be a breeze.
“All right, next challenger–! Is there no one else–?”
Following the source of that noise, I saw a crowd gathering around a spot.
This piqued my interest and I went closer. Most of the people in the crowd with beefy, muscular guys who obviously worked out.
I observed the situation…
“All right! I’m next!”
The one who stepped up was a man with bulging muscles, who looked like an adventurer.
It was hard to judge what his class was, but from his body type, he was probably a vanguard.
The man picked up the hammer prepared by the store owner…
“Warrgghhh!”
And swung down mightily.
The hammer slammed on top of a certain rock.
When the hammer impacted the rock, it created plenty of sparks.
After the pounding by the hammer, the rock was…
“Damn, this still isn’t enough…”
Just as the vexed man said, the rock was as good as new.
When the stall owner saw that, he shouted:
“My friend here failed! The prize is now 125,000 Eris! The entrance fee is 10,000 Eris! For every challenger that loses, the prize will increase by 5,000 Eris! Is there anyone else who is confident in your arm strength? Magic is fine too! This is Adamantite, if you can break this thing, you’ll be known as a top-class adventurer! Come, isn’t there anyone else who wants to test their might?”
I see–business came in all sorts of forms.
I was contemplating on starting a business myself, so this was a good place to learn.
But with my skill and strength, it was pointless for me to challenge this.
… In the direction, I was looking at incidentally, I said to the figure I saw for the third time today:
“… We meet again, Yunyun.”
Seeing Yunyun, who was clenching her fist as she watched the adventurer swing their hammer, I greeted her on reflex.
She claimed to be Megumin’s rival, so I thought she would be hostile towards me. But from her reaction, I didn’t think she disliked me.
Yunyun saw me…
“Ah! Thank you for your help just now Kazuma-san! Look at that! Everyone’s taking up the challenge of smashing the Adamantite!” She said with her eyes sparkling.
Were there no gaming stalls like these in the Crimson Demon village?
“Yunyun can use Advanced Magic, right? Want to give it a try? The owner said spells are permitted.”
After hearing that, Yunyun said:
“I can’t break Adamantite with my powers… That requires powerful Detonation magic. Leaving the destructive explosion spell aside, detonation magic should be fine. But using explosion magic is the safest bet…”
She said with a wry smile.
As we were chatting, more people went up to challenge it and failed.
The prize money was over 200,000 Eris before we knew it.
The crowd was getting bigger, and the owner of the stall yelled to raise the tension higher.
“Is Adamantite too difficult for the people in this town? I came here because I heard this town took down the Mobile Fortress Destroyer! Is there no one who can break this stone? Come on, come on! Is there no other challenger?”
As the stall owner was getting into his groove, the adventurers pushed each other, gesturing for each other to take up the challenge.
Everyone knew what the stall owner was trying to do, but it still felt vexing if no one broke the rock.
– As the adventurers on scene stared at each other.
One young girl stepped forth from the crowd.
She wasn’t in her usual robe, but a black dress for traveling in town. My party mate moved forward and puffed out her chest.
She had the same determined arrogant face she had when she faced off against the Destroyer.
“– The main character’s turn.”
The moment Megumin said that, all the adventurers including me rushed in to restrain her.
“Hey, I’m just an innocent girl, treating me like this is too much.”
I locked Megumin’s arms and neck from behind, ready to cover her mouth if she started chanting.
On either side of her were built adventurers grabbing her hand tightly.
“Hey old man, stop doing your business here! This girl noticed you! She’s an infamous explosion maniac in town. Your business is too stimulating for her!”
Hearing me say that, the stall owner turned pale and started packing in a panic.
Megumin started struggling when she saw that.
“Ahhh! I can break it! I can definitely break that stone with my explosion spell!”
“Run! Hurry up, old man!”
“Eek–!”
After finishing packing, the stall owner began sprinting at full speed.
Megumin saw him off with a face of regret.
After confirming the old man had escaped, we released our hold and Megumin regained her freedom.
As the crowd dispersed, I said to Megumin:
“… Really, Aqua is more than enough trouble without you joining in. Anyway, you’re not together with her?”
“Nope, she wanted to go somewhere else so we split up. The payout from defeating the Destroyer gave the town an economic boost, so all sorts of people are getting drawn here. There was someone performing in the streets for money from tips, but he was driven to tears after Aqua started doing far more impressive free performances next to him.”
How… How pitiful…
I thought about doing something about that girl, but it would be a bother if I got entangled in their squabbles.
He might be pitiful, but I decided to leave Aqua to that busker…
Megumin tugged on my sleeve.
“Let’s walk together since we ran into each other. There’s someone over there who’s doing something like the guy that ran off. I want to loiter around him to scare him.”
“I thought you were a girl with common sense, aside from your explosion-maniac personality.”
As Megumin and I chatted as we prepared to leave, we heard someone calling out to us from behind.
“Ah…”
I turned back and saw Yunyun looking at us with a lonely expression.
“… Want to come along with us?”
Yunyun made a happy expression for an instance when I said that, but she reverted when she saw Megumin and shook her head.
“I-I came to this town to defeat Megumin! I’m not here to build a friendship with her! I’m grateful for the shooting game just now, thank you very much! But… I can’t come along with you two!”
Yunyun hugged the doll before her chest and took a large step away from us.
“Since she doesn’t want to, let’s go Kazuma.”
“Oh, right….”
When we left, Yunyun seemed to be rejecting us, keeping her back to us.
“… Sigh…”
In the end, Yunyun let out a depressed sigh, slumped her shoulders and walked away with heavy steps.
She then looked back longingly.
… And locked eyes with the two of us who were walking a few steps behind her after we brought something-like crepes from the stall nearby.
“… Um, why are the two of you following me?”
“I was thinking that I’ll be able to see your lonely and sulking face if I follow behind you who’s alone like usual”
When she heard that, Yunyun pounced on Megumin.
“Among the Crimson Demons, Yunyun was well known for being a weirdo that was ashamed of her own name. In school, she spent most of her time eating alone. If I loitered around Yunyun who was eating alone, she would happily challenge me, worked every time…”
“Wait! It’s, it’s not that bad… It shouldn’t be… Right…? Fine, it’s true. I challenged you every day, but I’m not lonely at all. I have friends too.”
The three of us chatted as we walked out of town.
After talking for half the day, the two of them decided to have another duel.
Megumin stopped when she heard Yunyun say that.
“I can’t just ignore what you just said… Yunyun, you have friends…?”
“Why… Why are you reacting like this? I have friends too, all right! Megumin should know too. Like Dodonko and Funifura, they say we’re friends, I even invited them to lunch before…”
Hey, stop it! I can’t bear to hear anymore!
… This seemed to be the situation. The village of the Crimson Demons was full of weirdos and this child was the only one with common sense, so she stood out from everyone else.
How pitiful…
“And so, what shall we compete in today? I can only use explosion magic, so I don’t really want to fight with spells.”
“… That’s right. You should learn some other spells too. You should’ve saved quite a bit of skill points by now.”
“I did. I used all of them for explosion power raise and speed chanting…”
“Idiot! Why are you so obsessed with explosion magic?”
Good, tell her more.
“But that’s really troubling… What should we duel in…?”
As Yunyun was pondering about that, Megumin said:
“Anything’s fine, I’m not a kid that’s bothered by winning or losing anymore.”
Hearing the loli say that casually, Yunyun smirked softly.
“Not a kid anymore? I remember when we competed in our degree of growth before. Since you say you’re not a kid anymore, want to try that again?”
Facing Yunyun’s taunt, Megumin simply said:
“No, I mean I’m not a kid anymore in another way. My relationship with Kazuma has progressed so far that we’ve even bathed together before.”
“!”
“Hey! Shut it, don’t tell others about that!”
“?!”
After hearing my conversation with Megumin, Yunyun’s face turned red. Her mouth opened and shut, her entire body turned stiff.
“… It’s, it’s my loss today–!”
After saying that, Yunyun ran away in tears.
Megumin and me stood in place for quite a while.
Megumin then took something out and started writing.
Looking closely, it looked like a notebook.
She wrote the date for today and marked a small circle beside it.
“I won today too.”
“You, you… Is this really fine…?”
– After seeing Yunyun running off wailing, Megumin and I decided to return to the mansion.
“Ara, you’re back. Hey, look, look. There was a guy busking in the streets, he said he didn’t need it anymore and gave it to me. He seemed to be planning to inherit the farm in his hometown. I don’t understand why, but that’s lucky!”
When we got home, I saw Aqua sitting on the couch in the living room, toying with some trinkets happily.
After breaking the heart of the busker, she took his tools of trade.
I wanted to tell her not to disrupt the lives of other people, but…
“Darkness is still not back… She should be coming back tonight, right?”
Watching Aqua playing deftly with the trinkets, Megumin muttered.
– In the end, Darkness didn’t come back today.
TL: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Boring bone, Xenthur
“Hey Aqua, don’t make me waste my breath, just give up that seat. Since Darkness isn’t back, we won’t be doing quests today either. I need to design the merchandise to be displayed in Wiz’s shop, so get out of my way.”
Hearing me say that, Aqua, who was hogging the spot on the couch before the fireplace as usual, squinted her eyes as she yawned and said:
“Why are you so irritable? You’re too hysterical lately. You don’t need to act this way just because Darkness isn’t back yet. Enough about that… I heard that girl Yunyun said something to Megumin. You must pay the adequate price for everything. If you want me to give this warm place to you, you must give me something that satisfies me. Let me think, specifically speaking…”
Aqua paused and pondered for a moment.
“… If thou wish for the place where the goddess resides… Offer high-class wine to me. Warm light will then shine a path for the lost NEET.”
I should give her a tight slap.
Megumin too, why was she teaching her unnecessary things?
“Hey, fallen goddess, if you have the time to ask for wine this early in the morning, you should think of a way to make money. Really, why do I have to work so hard? I’ll work on the debts from blowing up the mansion of the landlord, and you take care of the reparations for the flood. If you feel any guilt at all, then move aside.”
Hearing me address her as a fallen goddess, Aqua looked at me with displeasure.
“Hey, stop giving me weird names, okay? Useless goddess, fallen goddess or whatever. If you keep addressing me as a fallen goddess, you’ll suffer divine retribution! Like this incident with the landlord, it might be your punishment for not taking care of me, the goddess. Kazuma, if you feel bad about the way you’re treating me, then say ‘Sorry, beautiful Aqua-sama’, and offer high-class wine to me. Go buy some, quick…”
“Steal.”
Seeing Aqua continuing to hog the couch and hugging her knees, I reached out a hand and said that.
With the sound of coins rustling, Aqua’s purse appeared in my outreached hand.
“… What are you doing, you thief! What you are doing is a crime! If I send you to the station, the delayed court date will be cancelled. Hee–Kazuma’s a criminal–! Are you planning to buy wine with my money? What I meant was for you to use your own money…”
“Steal.”
Before Aqua finished, I used Steal on her.
In my hand was one of Aqua’s socks.
Aqua continued hugging her knees, moving the toes on her one bare leg intentionally in protest.
“… What are you doing, I’ll feel cold. Return my sock to me, pervert. If you don’t return it to me, I’ll tell the police that a pervert was panting excitedly after stealing my sock. If you understand…”
“Steal.”
I didn’t know why Aqua was keeping this on her.
After using Steal, some sort of seed appeared in my hand.
Aqua looked uneasy after seeing this.
“Hey, hey, Kazuma. This kind of prank isn’t funny. I also went a bit too far, and I’ll reflect on that. How about we both apologize and make up?”
“Steal.”
I tossed the other sock that appeared in my hand onto the carpet.
I then said to Aqua slowly:
“… I’ll raise a large sum of money now. Didn’t you say your hagoromo’s a holy relic? Let me borrow it, I’ll sell it for you. If you don’t want me to take it by force, go to another room and take it off yourself… But you’ll probably say no, so I’ll just strip it away right here.”
I wiggled my fingers at Aqua to emphasize this, and she said with a stiff expression:
“What are you talking about? This hagoromo is proof of my godhood, how could you sell it? This kind of joke isn’t funny…”
“Steal.”
“Ahhh Kazuma-sama, ahhh! I was wrong, it’s my fault, don’t, stop–!”
– Several minutes later.
“Woo… Sniff… Boohoo… Wahhh…”
Aqua was still curled up on the couch like a ball, burying her face between her thighs.
As for her appearance…
– Aside from her bare feet, it was the same as usual.
“Damn it, why’s your luck so strong during a time like this… Or rather, what are you doing with all this junk…”
The junk I stole from Aqua was scattered near my feet.
They looked like party trick items. Seeds, cups, marbles…
The carpet was filled with things you might find by turning out the pocket of a kid.
I wasted a ton of mana on this girl.
“Why are you so noisy this early in the morning? What’s happening?”
I was still standing before the sniveling Aqua when Megumin came down the stairs in adventuring attire.
“Hick… Kazuma, he… To pay back the debts… He says he’ll sell it… and strip me forcefully…”
“Hey, shut it, don’t say stuff that’ll create misunderstandings! Yes, it’s my bad. I apologize, and don’t look at me like that, Megumin! I only wanted to sell her equipment away!”
As Aqua continued to snivel, Megumin looked at me with disdain. This was a normal morning.
“Bad news, this is bad! Kazuma, bad news!”
Suddenly, a beautiful lady charged in and shattered the peaceful atmosphere.
Her dressing gave a noble impression. The expensive looking dress, white high heels, and her head of long braided hair flowed down her chest from one shoulder. She looked like a daughter of some noble family.
But her noble dressing couldn’t hide her alluring figure.
Even though we’ve never met before, this beautiful lady was calling me by name.
“… Who are you?”
“Huh…? Eh…! Kazuma! Now’s not the time to joke around! Can we play this game next time instead?”
The beautiful girl blushed said something out of place, and made me realize who she was.
“What, you’re Darkness? You made us worry so much, you’re finally willing to come back!”
Hearing me say that, Aqua who was sniveling cried out immediately.
“Wahhh! Darkness, Kazuma he–! Kazuma, he wants to strip me and sell my precious thing away…!”
“Hey! Putting it that way can easily cause misunderstandings, so shut it!”
As Aqua and I were squabbling, Megumin told Darkness:
“Welcome back Darkness. You don’t need to explain what happened. Here, go take a nice long bath to soothe your body and soul.”
“…? Bath? What are you saying Megumin? Anyway, I’m more interested in the special play Aqua mentioned…”
Darkness expectantly looked at me and Aqua.
“Are you still dreaming? Stop it with the dream talk; just rest for today. It’s great that you’re back. Listen to me, go take a warm bath and cry your heart out.”
“What are you talking about? Why do I have to cry? And what’s with the bath… What is it, Aqua? Why are you pulling on my skirt?”
Aqua, who stopped wailing and was tugging on Darkness’s white dress, confirming the material said:
“… This is definitely high-quality material. This must be the bonus reward the landlord gave you.”
“Darkness… You worked so hard… To save me, it must’ve been hard on you…”
I told Darkness emotionally.
“Stupid! What exactly did you think happened? The landlord didn’t do anything weird to me, this dress is mine! Why? You think I didn’t return earlier because I was being abused by the landlord?”
“What else could it be? We were thinking how terribly they were treating you… But if this wasn’t given to you by the landlord, then what’s with this expensive dress? You say this belongs to you, is it for a noble lady cosplay? Are you researching a type of play?”
“No! This… This isn’t cosplay! Sorry for making you worry, but that landlord didn’t have the guts to request anything rude from me… Forget about that, look at this!”
Darkness then handed an album-thin booklet to me.
Instead of an album-thin booklet, this was more like a…
“… What is this? Oh, a handsome guy? How unpleasant.”
Looking at the photo of a bright and cheery man, I unconsciously tore it…
“Ahhh! Look at what you’ve done to the marriage interview photo! If you tear it like this, how will I reject the matchmaking now!”
Hya!
“Oh, sorry, I was careless! I don’t know why, but my hands moved unconsciously, I couldn’t control it… Wait, what matchmaking?”
I tilted my head, confused with the photo in my hand.
“That’s right! That damn Alexei, using cheap tricks like this! I did promise to do anything, but my father would reject him if it was too offensive. I knew that, that’s why I promised him back then, but…”
The panicking Darkness said.
“Wait, slow down and speak clearly. Who’s this handsome guy? And forcing you to marry someone you don’t like is clearly an unreasonable request, right? Also, how’s the landlord related to the handsome guy on this photo? Darkness, if you don’t want to, why not just ask your father to reject this? I’ll try to fix this photo. Aqua, could you get some rice for me?”
“Okay–”
Aqua ran off, and to calm Darkness who was about to cry, I ushered her to the couch.
“The one on the photo is Alexei’s son. That damn Alexei, he probably knew if he was the one to propose, he would be rejected. But the only good point my father saw in Alexei was his son. How should I put this…? The one most enthusiastic about the marriage is my father. But I don’t understand why Alexei wants his son to marry me…”
Darkness said as she sat on the couch and stared at the messy coffee table.
Aqua returned with bits of rice and sat beside Darkness, placed the photo on the desk and started repairing it.
Aqua used a corner of the table, while my designs for the merchandise to be displayed in Wiz’s shop were scattered on other parts. Darkness picked one up and asked curiously:
“… Hmm? The sketching on it is weird. What is this?
Megumin who was putting on her boots near the entrance answered:
“While Darkness was away, we’ve been brainstorming about ways to earn more money. These are convenient tools Kazuma thought of. He’s planning on selling them in Wiz’s shop.”
“Oh? Well, Kazuma has high luck stats. He might be better suited as a merchant.”
“Speaking about my luck, I’m really doubtful about that. If my luck was so great, I would’ve been able to meet comrades that are more useful. I wouldn’t get into debts, get entangled in troubling incidents, and live a wonderful life.”
The three of them trembled when they heard me say that.
“I-I’m troubled by the matchmaking because I spoke up for Kazuma! No, I’m not asking you to repay me or anything! We’re comrades after all; the most important thing is to help each other! I’ve troubled you much, so it’s only natural for me to help you!”
Darkness explained, but a drop of sweat dripped down her cheek.
“I-I have a meeting with Yunyun later! Yes, that’s right! To prove Kazuma’s innocence, I’m going to think of a plan together with Yunyun…!
Megumin averted her eyes and said so before the entrance.
So that’s where she was going.
“I’ll leave clearing Kazuma’s name as a suspect to them and clean the toilet! I don’t think it’s dirty, but I’m concerned with the toilet! Kitchen and baths, leave places that use water to me!”
Stopping her work in repairing the photo, the goddess of toilets used cleaning as an excuse to escape.
– As everyone was planning on running.
Darkness waved her hands, gesturing for them to stay, and showed a sad face to us and said:
“What… What should I do? I went back these few days to stop the progression of the matchmaking session… I’m here because of that… The matchmaking will be this afternoon. There’s no time left. Pardon me, but is there anyone who’s willing to return with me to convince my father?”
“… In short, Darkness’s father wants her to give up the dangerous job of adventurer, so he sends her to matchmaking sessions whenever he has the chance. But Darkness doesn’t plan on marrying yet and rejected all previous attempts.”
Megumin who had put on her boots said as she sat near the entrance.
Aqua continued to repair the photo on the table.
I wanted to repair the photo I tore myself, but since Aqua was happy to do so and was doing a great job, I decided to let her be.
This girl really had all kinds of unnecessary talents…
“… Yes, you’re right. To be frank, I’m very satisfied with my current life. If I continue my career, an evil mage or a minion of the Demon King’s army might target me. I’ll resist until the very end, but still get captured by them in a miserable state. It’ll be terrible. I’ll be tied up in locks and chains, my clothes will be all tattered…! Ugh…! Stop… Stop…!”
“I think you should retire and get married soon.”
Darkness was lost in her own fantasy, squirming about with a blushing face, making me back away from her.
Megumin shook the staff in her hand and said doubtfully:
“I see, the previous matchmaking sessions were by the request of Darkness’s father, where you can reject. But this matchmaking session was raised by the landlord, and you’ve already promised him to do him one favor. Darkness’s father is eager and the landlord’s also eager, so you can’t reject it under such circumstances. But the landlord wants you by hook or by crook, so why’s he so obsessed with Darkness? I don’t get why he wants you as a daughter-in-law either. With his status as landlord, if he really wanted to, he could force Darkness to be his concubine.”
Hearing what Megumin said, Darkness lowered her head.
She put her hands together before her chest, rubbed her fingers for a moment and finally said:
“… My, my real name’s Dustiness ford Lalatina. I’m a daughter of a rather esteemed noble clan…”
“Ehhh!”
Seeing our surprised expression, Darkness flashed a lonely expression for a moment, and seemed sad.
She must’ve surprised many people before when she introduced herself.
“Dustiness…! That’s not just rather esteemed, it’s a super powerful nobility clan! The top adviser in this nation, that Dustiness? In this town?”
Darkness answered the screaming Megumin softly:
“… Yes.”
Next, Aqua asked:
“What! So, if I become a child of the Dustiness family, I can slack around all day and live an extravagant life?”
For Aqua who missed the important point, Darkness replied with a slightly troubled tone:
“Yes… But, our family’s not looking to adopt…”
I retorted the most important point at the troubled Darkness.
“Darkness, you…! You’re always saying things like ‘Yeah’, ‘Sure’, and acting like a proper knight! But your real name is Lalatina! It’s so cute!”
“Don’t, don’t call me Lalatina…!”
Lalatina’s face turned red, and she shouted with tears in the corner of her eyes.
Megumin, who stood up because she was too surprised, sat down onto the carpet near the entrance and said:
“Well… This might be surprising, but Darkness is Darkness. For me, Darkness is a tough Crusader; an important comrade. That’s all.”
When she heard Megumin say that, Darkness said with a happy expression:
“… Yes, please take care of me from now on too…”
She then smiled with relief.
Seeing their interaction, Aqua pointed at herself cheerfully.
“… Hey, hey, I have something shocking to tell you, okay? Well, I’ve said this before but you didn’t believe me… Actually, I’m a goddess!”
“Wow, that’s great!”
“Why don’t you believe me–!”
Aqua grumbled as she started repairing the photo with rice again.
Seeing the three of them like this, I started thinking about something.
I see, a lot of things made sense now.
Like why Darkness knew less about the world than me and why she was wearing cosplay-like attire that was so out of place.
The reason why the landlord wanted his son to marry Darkness was probably because of political reasons.
There were people who wanted to at least live in the same house, even if they couldn’t get the girl themselves.
If I leave this alone, an important member in our party was going to be married off.
Important… Member… Hmm…
“We have to bring this photo back and convince Darkness’s father. Here, look at this. How is it? Isn’t the repair perfect?”
As I was deep in thought, Aqua handed the photo to me with a cocky face. The photo was as good as new. You couldn’t tell that it was torn before.
… Wait, Darkness is going to be married off?
This meant that a Crusader who couldn’t hit the enemy would have to leave the party because of marriage.
Retirement due to marriage… That’s right, a wonderful occasion.
I wasn’t treating her like a useless child and chasing her away.
I didn’t hate Darkness.
She has some weird habits, but she wasn’t a bad person.
But the prospect of our party wasn’t good and Darkness was an aristocratic lady, so was it fine tying her down as an adventurer?
– No, it’s not good.
If Darkness got married, her parents would feel at ease.
In all honesty, I was worried about Darkness too.
On the off chance we made it to the Demon King’s castle and ran into danger, this girl would yell enthusiastically something like ‘Don’t worry about me, just leave me here and go’.
After getting captured, she would be overjoyed, saying ‘Ugh…! Just kill me…!’ or something as she looked forward to her mistreatment.
That’s right! In other words, this was a great idea that would gift everyone with happiness!
“Sigh… I must come up with a reason and return this photo to the other party. I’ll then apologize using this excuse and try to convince my father… That’s why, I hope someone can accompany me to do this…”
Darkness looked at the repaired matchmaking photo in my hand and eased up as she requested us for help. And then…
“That’s it–!”
“Ahhh!”
I tore the photo in half.
“I have to meet Yunyun, so I’m going now. I have an ominous feeling about what Kazuma’s thinking about, will it be fine?… I’m leaving Darkness in your hands, all right?”
Megumin looked at me uneasily a few times, and left the place with a worried expression.
For me, it’s great that Megumin is leaving.
Among the three, the hardest to handle would probably be Megumin.
“Ugh… I worked so hard to repair it…”
Aqua sat on the couch, throwing a tantrum because the photo she fixed was torn up again.
– As I watched Megumin leave, I could feel a strong gaze on my back.
The gaze came from Darkness. She was glaring at me silently with tears in her eyes.
Aqua was also staring at me with tears.
How… How scary.
“Calm… Calm down. This is for the best in the future.”
Hearing the excuse, I made up on the spot, Darkness whose eyes were still teary asked:
“… How?”
I explained in detail to Darkness and Aqua.
Putting it simply, for her to continue her career as an adventurer, it would be better to attend a matchmaking session now.
It might be with the landlord’s son this time, but even if this one was rejected; Darkness’s father would arrange another one in no time.
Would Darkness need to reject them one by one?
If Darkness’s father couldn’t take it anymore, he might adopt tougher measures.
If that was the case, Darkness should accept it this one time and mess up the event utterly. That was my suggestion.
Although I suggest utter destruction, it wouldn’t do to tarnish Darkness’s family name. She just needed to force the other party to give up by themselves.
That way, Darkness’s parents would be more prudent about arranging the next matchmaking session.
After all, it would be embarrassing for the family if the other party rejected them every time.
And of course, Aqua and I would be accompanying her under the guise of servants.
We’ll assist Darkness secretly to make the other party dislike her.
And the target this time was the infamous landlord’s family after all.
Even though messing up this session to discourage Darkness’s father would have negative impact on her family name, it would be less damaging than doing so compared to matchmaking with a fine aristocratic clan.
– After the two of them heard my explanation…
“That… That’s it, Kazuma! Let’s use this plan! If this works, I won’t need to go home and beat down my father every time he arranges a session.”
I feel sorry for her father…
“I get it, this is a great plan! I thought you would’ve said ‘If one of the problem children marries off, I can find a new member and relax, yahoo–!’ or something like that!”
Aqua’s words made me shiver.
“No… No way! How could I bear letting such an excellent Crusader like Darkness leave?… Don’t do that, don’t look at me with such eyes, I’m half serious about this, all right…”
Part 4
Dustiness mansion.
The building situated on the main street of town had an appearance befitting a grand aristocratic family.
“Is this true? Are you really fine with this, Lalatina? Are you willing to seriously consider this matchmaking session?”
Lalatina… I mean, Darkness’s dad held her hand as he said excitedly.
We are inside Darkness’s home.
Darkness told her dad that she was willing to go for the matchmaking session.
“It’s true, dear father. Lalatina wants to try it.”
When we heard Darkness say that, Aqua and I lowered our head.
“Hey, hey, Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, she said ‘Dear father’.”
“Are… Are you stupid, Lalatina’s funnier, she called herself ‘Lalatina’.”
Looking at Lady Lalatina talking in a different manner than usual, Aqua and I whispered to each other. Our shoulders were shaking as we tried to hold back our laughter, earning the glare from the red-faced lady.
When Darkness’s dad saw us like this, he felt a bit suspicious.
“Lalatina, who are these two guests?”
Hearing him ask this, Darkness extended his hand towards Aqua and me.
“These two are my adventuring companions. For this matchmaking session, I wish to employ them as a temporary butler and maid to join me for the event.”
Her dad frowned and seemed uneasy about this.
“Um, about that…”
That won’t do.
I took a step forward, put one hand on my chest and stood up straight.
“Pleased to meet you. I’m adventurer Satou Kazuma, I’ve been in the care of Lady Lalatina. If the matchmaking’s a success, we probably won’t be able to meet Lady Lalatina because of our difference in status. I know we’re flaunting the rules a little, but for this very last moment, we wish to stay by Lady Lalatina’s side, and see for ourselves if we can entrust our important companion to the groom.”
Without any stuttering, I stated my piece fluently and bowed.
I’m so cool right now.
If I could marry the lady away, I felt I could achieve anything.
Seeing me act so differently, Darkness and Aqua were stunned.
– The maids brought us to the meeting room.
“Please wait for a moment. We’ll prepare the attire for our honored guests.”
The maids ushered us to sit at the couch and served us tea. After inviting us to ‘enjoy the tea’, they left the room.
As expected of a meeting room for a grand aristocratic family.
It looked plain at first sight, but it was obvious that it costs a lot of money to maintain the appearance of nobles.
We waited obediently for a while, but eventually got bored.
Unable to sit still, we wandered around the meeting room, picking up and observing the decorations.
I don’t have an eye for appraising things, but every one of these had to be expensive pieces.
For example, the painting hung on this wall.
At a glance, it looked like a child’s scribbling, but it should be those so called modern art pieces.
I rubbed my chin as I looked at the painting, mumbling a little as I acted as if I was appreciating this painting.
“Kazuma, you really like that graffiti, huh?”
Aqua who didn’t know about art told me when she saw me admiring the art piece.
“Hey, how uncultured. This is what you call modern art, those who understand will know how wonderful it is. It must be a work of a master painter.”
Listening to my bullshit, Aqua said on casually from the couch:
“But in the eyes of me who has learned about painting, that’s just normal graffiti.”
I shrugged and shook my head at Aqua.
“Well, being able to paint and the ability to appraise are two different matters. Look at this part. It might look like scribbling at first, but if you…”
As I was making up nonsense in my explanation to Aqua, Darkness walked into the meeting room.
“Sorry for the wait, you… Hey Kazuma, that’s a painting of my father by me when I was young. Father really likes this painting, so he hung it here to show it off to the guests. Don’t stare at it, it makes me feel embarrassed… Hey, what are you doing? Don’t pull my hair!”
As Aqua was laughing at me deviously, I tugged on Darkness’s plaited hair. At this moment, the maid entered the room carrying clothes for a butler and a maid.
“Kazuma-san, this is the attire for a butler. The size should be just right, please try it on.”
I received the clothes from the maid and followed her into the dressing room next door.
… Yeah, it fits perfectly.
“It looks good.”
Hearing me say that, the maid bowed and retreated to a corner of the room.
– I succeeded in getting Darkness’s dad to hire me as a temporary butler and returned to Darkness after putting the proper attire.
Aqua was already there, dressed as a maid.
Unexpectedly, the pure dressing of a maid suited her well.
“Aqua, you look nice in it. Right now, you look like a top-class minion.”
“You too Kazuma. You look just like a try-hard apprentice butler. It feels just like you’ll be bullied by mean senpais and will end up crying by yourself in a corner.”
“Ara, what an interesting way of putting it. If we weren’t in the mansion of a grand noble right now, I would’ve given you a piece of my mind… Well then, are you ready, Lady Lalatina?”
“Don’t… Don’t call me Lady Lalatina! Just addressing me as ‘my lady’ will do if others are around!”
Darkness hastily barked at me.
The meeting will be held in this mansion.
And Darkness’s dad asked for my help.
He asked me.
He asked for my assistance to stop his daughter from doing anything rude during the meeting.
Not just that.
He was also willing to pay me for my efforts if the meeting went smoothly.
Not only did our interests coincide, he even threw in a reward as a bonus.
It would be hard for me not to be fired up.
If the son of the landlord was incapable, I would join in the disruption of the meeting. But if he was just a bit annoying, I would still close an eye on that matter.
“The two of you, this way. Listen carefully! You know what to do, right? I’m counting on you!”
Darkness had an uneasy expression as she led us to the entrance to receive the other party of the matchmaking session.
With maids flanking her on either side, Darkness looked the part of a lady from a noble house.
On the way to the entrance, Aqua used her sharp eyes and searched for valuable exhibits.
“Oh, that one looks rather…”
Aqua looked at an urn with a handle as if she was looking at something special.
Be it the value of this urn or the worthlessness of the graffiti from earlier, this girl had great artistic sense.
I was curious about the urn Aqua was looking at and lifted it up.
It was heavy.
“Is this expensive? How much is this worth?”
“Hey… Don’t touch the things over here, that’s my father’s expensive urn…”
Darkness reached out for the handles of the urn I had picked up.
“According to my brilliant appraisal, this urn is…”
Phuck!
“Ah!”
With a clear crack, along with our shout, only the handle remained in Darkness’ hands.
“… This urn is now a piece of trash.”
“What… What should we do? This is my father’s precious collection, what should we do?”
Darkness started to panic with the broken handle in her hands.
“Calm… Calm down! Your dad isn’t here right now! There are two solutions! First is to admit it when the matchmaking people are here. That way, your father won’t become angry before the guests! Number two! Use rice or something to make emergency repairs, and place the urn in a position that will easily fall if your dad picks it up!”
“I… I got it, we’ll do that! As expected of Kazuma, how quick witted! Even if I admit it before the guests, he’ll still lecture me after they leave! We’ll do temporary repairs. Put it in a position that’ll fall easily and instruct the house help not to touch it, that’s the best way!”
When she heard my conversation with Darkness, the Dustiness maid said:
“… Excuse me, honoured guest… Please don’t teach our young lady such things…”
– The servants formed a row before the entrance with Darkness and her dad right in the middle.
Aqua and me stayed on either side of Darkness.
I suddenly noticed that I hadn’t seen Darkness’s mom, but now’s not the time for that.
The other party will be arriving soon.
“But… To think that you would agree to this matchmaking. I’m really happy… When Alexei said he had something to discuss with me, I was worried about it. He was confident you would not reject too. Leaving Alexei aside, his son is a good man. You’ll have a wonderful life with him, Lalatina.”
Darkness’s dad said to her happily.
But Darkness replied:
“How mean, dear father. Lalatina only said she would seriously consider the marriage, fufufu… After thinking it through, I think it’s still too early for me to marry, but it’s too late now. I agreed to the matchmaking session, but I didn’t say I wanted to marry! I’ll mess up this meeting! I’ll destroy the matchmaking meeting! Hmm… Hahaha!”
Darkness felt there wasn’t any need to act anymore and revealed her true nature!
Her dad turned pale as he realized our true intent…
“Could… Could it be the reason the two of them are here is to…?”
Her dad looked at us in fear.
Oh no, Darkness was so excited that she forgot about keeping her family name untarnished.
At this late juncture, she probably didn’t care anymore.
If that was so, I had no need to continue acting.
“… My lady, your choice of words is too crude, please don’t speak in such a way.”
When they heard me say that, Darkness and her dad looked at us in surprise.
Aqua seemed to like her maid attire a lot, swaying her skirt around happily as she ignored the tense atmosphere.
After understanding my true intent, Darkness’s expression turned sour. Her father blinked away tears of joy, looking at me as if I was the messiah.
“Kazuma, you… You…! What is this, are you planning to betray me?”
“There’s no betrayal to speak of, my lady. Right now, I’m Dustiness’s butler, and my greatest wish is for my lady to achieve happiness.”
Her father sighed in relief and replied:
“You… You’re Kazuma, right? Even if this session fails… At least, don’t let Lalatina do anything disgraceful before the other party! I’ll reward you well! So… So…!”
Before her father could even finish, I bowed deeply.
“Please leave it to me, old master. I’ll aid my lady with all I can…”
– At this moment.
The door of the mansion opened with a crack, and the man I saw in the photo appeared at the door.
He had an entourage with him.
Darkness was bent on making the first move, crossing her arms and glaring at the other party as she said loudly:
“You’re the brat who’s meeting with me, right? I’m Dustiness ford Lalatina! You can call me Queen Dustiness…”
“Ara, watch out my lady! There’s a bug on the back of your head!”
I delivered a strong blow to the back of Darkness’s head!
After I stopped Darkness from making a scene.
We excused ourselves, saying that we wanted to check if the bug stung the lady and moved to the room next door. Darkness’s father accompanied the guest to buy time.
“Hey, what are you thinking? Are you not here to help me?”
Darkness grabbed my back collar and dragged me to the corridor.
Aqua who still didn’t understand what was happening followed beside Darkness. She seemed to like stroking Darkness’s plaited hair, toying with it in her hand.
– Right now, Darkness was interrogating me.
“Anyway, calm down my lady. You had forgotten about something important.
“Don’t call me lady when it’s just the three of us!… What’s that important thing?”
Darkness regained her composure, her attitude had softened enough to listen to me.
“You forgot the part about not tarnishing your family’s reputation. If you make too big a mess, you’ll be the one who’ll be hurt the most.”
Darkness frowned when she heard me say that.
“How would I be hurt? If the negative news spread, I won’t be able to marry and can continue my adventuring career without worries! The worst case would be my father disowning me, but I’m already prepared for that… After being disowned, I’ll feel uneasy about my uncertain future… Despite that, I’ll still do my best to survive and take on jobs too hard for me. In the end, my body won’t be able to take it and I’ll get captured by the minions of the Demon King’s army, and be ravaged…! … I want to live a life like that.”
“So, you finally admit it.”
After expressing her wish that was incredible in some ways, the young lady continued:
“And that guy’s not my type. The guys my father wants to set me up with are all bad.”
I was confused when she said that.
But that guy was a handsome guy.
“Is that guy as bad as you say? According to your father’s description, he sounds like an okay guy. But I only know what he looks like though.”
Darkness replied to my question:
“That guy’s Alexei Barnes Walther. He’s talented and looks nothing like the landlord. The citizens give rave reviews about him, he’s a cheerful man.”
Aqua gave her comments too:
“Speaking of Walther from the Alexei family, everyone in the town of Axel has nothing but praise for him. He distributes items to help the poor. I’ve even received it a few times too.”
You… You…
Hearing Aqua say that, Darkness said unhappily:
“That’s not good! My father doing that is enough! How can a noble who wants to marry me do such a thing?”
“Is… Is that so? Ah, could it be that he does charity on the surface, but does evil deeds in the dark? If that’s so, I’ll feel bad even if I didn’t know about this…”
He was that landlord’s son after all, I was too rash. As I was feeling a bit remorseful, Darkness said:
“There’s no such thing! First, I heard that guy has excellent character. He won’t get angry with anyone, and won’t lecture his staff when they make mistakes. He’s a weird person who would think together with them as to why such mistakes occur…”
…? That sounds like a great guy.
“And he’s very hardworking, studying every day to help the people with his knowledge. He’s smart and great in swordsmanship, the youngest knight ever in history. I’ve never heard anything negative about him, a truly perfect man. He also advises his father often, pleading him to change his harsh policies.”
……
“Hey, from what I’m hearing, isn’t he the perfect man? Which part are you unhappy about, Darkness?”
Aqua asked confusedly.
“Which part am I unhappy about? Everything! First, nobles should act like nobles and always wear a sinister smile! Why does he have such clear and forthcoming eyes when we met? It should be more like… Like Kazuma’s lecherous gaze when I walk around with loose clothes in the mansion. Eyes that want to rape every inch of my body!”
“N-no, wait, I’m not! I-I-I’m not looking at you with such eyes!”
As I was soothing my guilty conscience, Darkness continued.
“He doesn’t get mad when his staff screws up? Is he an idiot?! If a maid makes a mistake, then he should do this and that to her using that excuse, that’s the proper way for a noble! That man doesn’t know anything! His staff makes mistakes because they want to be scolded! As a noble, he should have the guts to make all of the maids pregnant!”
“You’re the only one that thinks that way!”
But Darkness ignored my words and tightly clenched her fist, before embarking on a passionate tirade.
“Simply put, the type I like is the total opposite of that man who’ll achieve great things, even if I leave him alone! He must not be too eye catching, either too fat or too skinny. It would be best if he loves me but has a weak will, lusting after other girls if they’re a bit kind to him. Some mandatory criteria will be having a lecherous look and is horny all year round. If he looks down on the hardships of life and just wants to live his life easily like trash, that would be great. If he has debts, that’s even better! He also must drink all day and refuse to work, always grumbling that ‘This is the fault of society’. He’ll then hit me with empty beer bottles and tell me: ‘Hey Darkness, use your slutty body to earn back some cash!’… Hmm…!”
After speaking her mind, our lady Depravetina blushed and trembled.
Damn, this woman was beyond redemption.
In this uneasy atmosphere, Aqua and I silently stood in place.
“… Enough! I’ll destroy this meeting myself! Kazuma, be prepared for the consequences if you get in my way!”
After saying that, Darkness walked out of the room angrily.
Aqua and I remained silent for a while.
Finally, Aqua said to me accusingly:
“… Kazuma, what are you planning?”
I said to Aqua:
“You saw her dad’s face too, right? He’s really worried about his daughter’s future. You heard how the other party’s reputation was, right? This isn’t a political marriage, but a father who wishes for the happiness of his daughter; a carefully planned meeting.”
“What then? Even if it was Darkness’s father, he has no right to decide her life…”
Aqua said strongly.
But I didn’t let her finish.
“Darkness is a noble. Isn’t it normal for her not to be able to decide her own marriage? For aristocrats, they live a life of luxury and receive elite education… Though we can’t really tell from Darkness’s behavior. Since they depend on the taxes of the commoners for a living, it’s normal for their life to have less freedom. Living a luxurious life from birth and wanting the freedom to decide their own life, that’s just being willful… She already had it good living such a carefree life all this while. And the one she’s marrying is a perfect man. If you still want to be picky about it, it’ll incur the wrath of the people.”
After hearing my long speech, Aqua seemed unconvinced.
“… But! That’s still too much!”
“That’s not all.”
Aqua stopped when I said that.
“… Eh?”
I gestured for Aqua to squat down.
I then asked her with a very serious expression:
“Aqua. Our objective’s to defeat the Demon King and return home, but what are Darkness’s wishes?”
Aqua squatted down like me. She didn’t think I would ask her this so seriously, confusing her.
“Well, um… To not marry and continue adventuring with us…”
Aqua gave a harmless answer which made me shout.
“Wrong! I don’t want to listen to such pleasantries! You know the truth! Hurry! Don’t be shy, say it! Say it out loud! I want you to say it! Let me see what expression you’ll make when saying it!”
“To… To be kidnapped by a strong monster she couldn’t win against and let the enemy do erotic things to her!… Ka… Kazuma, that’s sexual harassment, right? Hey, is this sexual harassment?”
I continued saying to Aqua who was on the verge of tears:
“This isn’t sexual harassment! Listen well. If you’re a moron, then that girl’s a super moron beyond redemption! Her dream’s to be kidnapped by monsters and have perverted things done to her? That idiot! Go, tell her dad about this! Do it if you can! Tell him his daughter has a grand dream, so he must forget about marrying her off and let her realize her ambition. Explain it to her dad right now!”
“I’m sorry! I can’t say it! Sorry!”
Aqua apologized in a panic.
“But… But are you certain the right choice is for her to marry that person? Darkness should have her own preference for the type of men.”
“Are you are saying something stupid, like the other party is pitiful because he isn’t her type? Darkness said what type of men she likes, you heard it too. If Darkness found her ideal partner and he’s exactly as she described, what are you going to do about it? Listen, just force her onto that Walther character… He’s a good guy after all, so we can trouble him a little. Darkness can be rash at times, so we should let that guy tie her down and watch over her. From what I just heard, Walther is a warm and gentle person far different compared to his father. If that’s so, he might agree to Darkness going out for adventures occasionally. We can then accompany her and do quests from time to time. Her dad would be at ease and I can relax. Darkness won’t partake in quests that are too dangerous. More importantly, I can get rid of one of the three problem children.”
“The three problem children you just mentioned, are you referring to me?”
I lift my fist and stood up.
“In the end, adventuring’s not a career you can do forever! This is a job that borders on the edge of the abyss, if I can quit then I should quit! Or rather, I’m ready to quit anytime! Let’s make it clear, that girl is an idiot! I’ll support her if she wants to continue being an adventurer, but I must emphasize that she’s an idiot! Others shouldn’t interfere in her family matters, but my goal is for Darkness to marry off successfully! If that doesn’t work, I’ll aim to at least protect the reputation of the Dustiness clan so she can marry and retire at any time!”
“Wait Kazuma! Answer my question!”
“Pardon me for the long wait.”
“We’re back.”
When Aqua and I returned to the entrance, Darkness and her dad were still chatting happily with Walther. Darkness was glancing uneasily at us who was standing beside her.
“I know how Kazuma feels about this. I also wish for Darkness to marry someone she likes. But after hearing what you said, I think it would be terrible if that happened.”
“I’m glad you understand. Listen, you just act by your own judgment. Try to help from the side so Darkness can leave a great impression on the other party, okay?”
I wasn’t sure if Darkness heard what we said. She lowered her voice and whispered into my ear:
“… Hey, for your own good, give it up. If not, you’ll experience something so bad that you will wish you were dead.”
What’s she talking about, that’s too scary.
But threats won’t work on me now.
Because I have the backing of someone more powerful than Darkness.
That’s right…
“Pardon my interruption, old master. Could we start the meeting between the young lady and master Walther? The young lady has been looking impatient for a while now.”
Hearing me say that, Darkness ground her teeth in protest to my proposal.
Her dad didn’t notice Darkness’s reaction, accepting my suggestion readily.
Darkness’s dad didn’t seem to mind me whacking the back of Darkness’s head to shut her up.
He seemed to think I did a good job and sighed in relief.
This meant that I had the approval of her dad, and wouldn’t get lectured if I went a bit too far.
“Well then, Mr. Walther, this way please. Lalatina, come with us too. Let’s go to the meeting room.”
Darkness squatted down when she heard her father say that.
“My heels seemed to have broken… Mr. Walther, can you lend me a hand?”
Darkness reached out to Walther as she said that.
She probably wanted to avoid me hitting her head as Darkness spoke in a normal, lady-like manner.
But this is strange, she must be up to something.
I reached out immediately.
“Young lady, allow me. No matter how much you admire Master Walther, you aren’t engaged yet, so you can’t trouble him like this. My apologies Master Walther, the young lady is happy… Ahhh, ow, ow, ow… It’s breaking… Breaking… Please don’t joke with me… Wait, stop. Please stop! I’m telling you to knock it off young lady!”
I blinked away the tears after I shook off the hand that was crushed by Darkness with her full strength.
This… This girl. If I hadn’t stopped her, she would’ve done that to Walther!
“What’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Seeing me squatted down while favoring my right hand painfully, Walther was worried and asked.
What a great guy. Please, just marry this mad dog and take her away.
“Fufufu, it’s nothing. Let us be off, Mr. Walther.”
Darkness moved away briskly. I could only see her off while squatting down, waiting for Aqua to heal me with magic.
When her father saw us, he put his hands together and lowered his head in apology.
“– Well then, let me once again introduce myself properly. I’m Alexei Barnes Walther, son of the Alexei family. My job is to assist my father in managing the territory.”
Darkness and Walther sat facing each other with the white coffee table of the guest room between them.
Walther was a cool and stylish man.
He was one head taller than me.
He probably trained regularly. His solid muscles were visible through his clothes, and he was adequately lean.
Walther smiled gently as he looked at Darkness.
Aqua and I were beside Darkness, a little bit too close to her.
Walther seemed bothered by us. But since Darkness’s dad didn’t say anything, he didn’t say anything about it.
“I’m Dustiness ford Lalatina. I don’t think I need to introduce my family. Even the son of some upstart landlord should know… Ahhh!”
Darkness who was speaking ill right from the get go trembled with her face red.
“Are… Are you okay?”
Walther asked with concern, but Darkness continued.
“I… I’m fine… It’s just that seeing Mr. Walther’s face is making me uncomfort- Nnnhhh–!”
Before finishing, Darkness lowered her head to the table with her ears red.
“Young lady Darkness’s tummy has been acting up since morning. Isn’t that right, Darkness?! Don’t push yourself if your stomach hurts.”
“Huh? No, I’m not…!”
Darkness denied as Aqua tried to make an excuse for her.
Leaving Aqua who was making matters worse aside, I said:
“The young lady was eager to meet Mr. Walther since early morning, she was a little too excited. As you can see, the young lady is so shy that her face is all red.”
“Er… Well, her face is really red… It’s a little embarrassing…”
I stepped harder with my foot and whispered in a volume only Darkness could hear.
– I twisted my foot that was stepping on Darkness under the table.
“… Hey young lady, I’ll step harder if you say any more nonsense.”
I wasn’t sure she heard what I said, but Darkness’s face became red and she started panting as she said softly:
“… What, what a wonderful reward…”
Our young lady was acting as usual.
When he saw the way his daughter was acting, Darkness’s dad seemed to understand what the situation was like under the table.
Since he could grasp the situation, it meant that he knew about his daughter’s fetish.
I wanted to scream at him for letting her daughter go astray, but there was no time for that now.
To cover for me and Darkness, her dad brought up a topic to chat with Walther.
“Mr. Walther, I heard your mansion was destroyed not long ago. Where are you living right now? How about bunking in my place? Of course, you’ll have to sleep in a different room from my daughter.”
Darkness’s father said half-jokingly, and Walther answered with a smile.
“Hahaha! No, if I’m to live under the same roof with the beautiful Lady Lalatina, it would take tremendous self-restraint to stop myself…”
And so, as Darkness was trembling with a blushing face, the two of them conversed idly…
– After saying ‘An old man staying around would only be a hindrance’, Darkness’s dad took his leave.
As he was leaving, he whispered in my ear, ‘I’m counting on you.’.
Right now, Darkness and Walther were strolling in the family courtyard with Aqua and I in tow… And it was grand, as expected of a famous aristocratic clan.
The vast courtyard had a pond, and colorful flowers were blooming despite it being winter. These were probably high-quality breeds.
Aqua whistled and clapped when she saw the fish in the pond.
I was curious about what she was doing and looked, and saw the school of fish gather towards Aqua…
… That’s amazing, I’ll get her to teach me later.
“Lady Lalatina, what are your hobbies?”
As I was focused on the pond, Walther asked something that was obligatory and harmless during matchmaking.
“I hunt Goblins when I’m free…. Ugh!”
When Darkness said something thoughtless, I elbowed her waist from the side.
Walther smiled wryly, tilting his head as he asked me who was unnaturally close to Darkness.
“… The two of you seem to be really close.”
My face turned pale and I thought that this was it.
Oh no, I overdid it. I became a factor that dragged Darkness’s image down.
It must feel awkward to see the butler and the lady so close together during a matchmaking session.
As I was thinking about how to tide this over, Darkness who noticed this smiled at me deviously.
What was this girl scheming…?
“I’m very close to this butler, Kazuma. We spend every day together. Be it meals or bathing, even sleeping at night is… Is… Ugh…”
Darkness who said something foolish on impulse couldn’t continue and blushed.
Really, what was it with your standard for embarrassment?
“The young lady loves to joke. That’s the way she is, a cute girl who gets embarrassed by the things she herself is saying. Right, young lady Lalatina? What’s the matter, young lady Lalatina? Your face is getting red, young lady Lalatina.”
“Ugh… You, I’ll get you for this…”
Hearing me repeat the cute name Lalatina, Darkness ground her teeth as tears welled in her eyes.
Good, she won’t act up for a while.
Seeing our interaction, Walther had a slightly lonely smile.
“… You’re close to each other… It’s making me envious.”
“Please don’t joke with us, Mr. Walther. This is just a mistress and her butler playing around a little…”
Darkness suddenly stepped away from me when she heard me say that.
Oh?
“I don’t want to beat around the bush anymore! I can’t take this!”
I don’t know what she was thinking when she tore the skirt of her dress.
Her white thigh was visible from the torn portion, showing Darkness’s alluring body in plain sight.
Lewdness tore her skirt to an easy to move length. She then tore a line up the side of her skirt.
Walther couldn’t help averting his eyes as Darkness shouted at him.
“Hey, you’re called Walther, right? Since you’re a knight, you should know how to use a sword! My job’s a Crusader, let’s go to the dojo. I’ll appraise your capability there. Come, follow me!”
Darkness acted impulsively suddenly and I couldn’t stop her.
“… Walther, take a good look at that man. As a noble, you should learn that from the lecherous eyes of Kazuma and use it every day!”
I-I-I, I didn’t look!
I only glanced over a little because of curiosity!
“We fight until one party surrenders. Just try to make me say ‘I can’t fight anymore’, or ‘Please stop hitting me’! If you can do that, I can marry you or follow you anywhere!”
Darkness brought us to the dojo.
In the center of the dojo, Darkness tossed a wooden sword to Walther.
Walther caught the wooden sword and swung it with a troubled face, saying:
“Um, Lady Lalatina, I’m a knight. Even if this is just training, I can’t point a sword at a lady…”
Hearing Walther say that, Darkness frowned and said unhappily:
“What a gutless fellow. Kazuma who’s standing right there claims to be a gender equality advocate. He even announced that he would not hesitate to drop kick a woman. You should learn from him.”
Walther looked at me when Darkness said that. His gaze felt painful.
Then, Walther seemed to have made up his mind, and said with a sigh:
“… I understand. To be honest, my father forced me to come, and I’m here to reject the marriage… But after seeing you, I changed my mind. You’re different from the other daughters of nobility, as expected of the only daughter of the national chief adviser. You seem to have a bold personality, but get embarrassed by your own words. That’s cute. Your way of speaking is straightforward and isn’t haughty towards the butler serving you, treating him as an equal. I’m very interested in you… Prepare yourself, Lady Lalatina!”
After the sudden confession, he slashed at Darkness!
The quick slash disarmed Darkness’s wooden sword and hit her shoulder.
Seeing that the attack was a success, Walther sighed in relief thinking that victory was a sure thing.
But Darkness picked up her wooden sword and said nonchalantly:
“Very good, next. Come at me!”
– After more than thirty minutes.
“Enough! The match is obviously over! Why aren’t you giving up?”
Despite Walther having the advantage, it sounded as if he was forced into a corner.
In terms of capability, Walther was dominating.
Since the start, Darkness’s wooden sword couldn’t touch Walther. Darkness was hit multiple times and was bruised all over.
But other than being out of breath, Darkness was fine and her eyes were full of life.
Her fiery red cheeks were covered in sweat, and Darkness yelled.
“What’s the matter? Don’t be shy, attack with everything you’ve got! Show me your determination to persevere to the end!”
Seeing Darkness act this way, Walther tossed his wooden sword away.
He then raised both his arms in surrender.
“… I give up, Lady Lalatina. It’s my loss. Even if my skills are better than you, I’m not as strong as you mentally… I can’t attack you anymore. You’re a strong person.”
Walther looked at Darkness with a dazed look and smiled.
Darkness seemed unsatisfied and shrugged.
“… That’s it? Boring. Come back after you train more.”
Hearing Darkness say that, Walther laughed out loud.
He was laughing happily with no regrets.
Walther then said in a volume Darkness couldn’t hear…
“… I’ve really fallen for you…”
He mumbled.
– On the surface, it was a beautiful story of Darkness winning over Walther with her determination.
But I knew how Darkness really was, so I couldn’t feel good about this…
In Walther’s point of view, Darkness with her panting and red cheeks looked like a Crusader enduring incredible pain.
Darkness was still out of breath as Aqua came to her side to heal her wounds.
I sighed deeply, but Darkness picked up the wooden sword Walther tossed aside…
“Come, Kazuma. Show Walther your merciless and despicable side. Let him learn.”
After saying some dumb stuff, she gave the wooden sword to me who was sitting at a corner of the dojo.
… What’s this girl saying?
No, she just had a fight with Walther. She was probably still feeling the adrenaline rush.
What a joke, I don’t want to deal with her.
“…  I too wish to see how does one trusted so much by Lady Lalatina fights.”
Walther added unnecessarily.
Aqua who had healed Darkness grunted ‘Oh?’, and was very interested in the turn of events.
… What’s with this?
“Sigh… never mind, I get it. The matchmaking’s a failure anyway, and you probably won’t spread disparaging rumors about the young lady.”
I stopped my act before Walther, spoke like I usually did and stood up.
“Great, that’s the spirit Kazuma! I had always wanted to spar with you! A despicable man who dares to steal the underwear of a girl you just met! Unscrupulous, using all sort of dirty tricks! Come at me, and don’t hold anything back!”
After hearing what Darkness said, the gaze from Walther felt even more painful.
I had no intention of fighting this excited moron in such cold weather.
– I reached my empty hand out…
“Create water!”
And poured water on top of Darkness’s head.
“Eh?”
Walther sounded surprised, and I asked in confusion:
“?… What’s wrong?”
Walther answered in a panic:
“… It’s… It’s nothing, just that a match with wooden swords usually would not allow magic…”
Huh? I see.
Anyway…
When Aqua saw Darkness’s appearance, she said:
“… How strong–as expected of Kazuma-san, who’s the best in sexual harassment. He’s good–”
Prompted by her, I looked towards Darkness. Her underwear was visible through her soaked clothes, couple that with her torn dress. This is really… candy for the eye.
As for Walther, he couldn’t look at Darkness anymore. He lowered his head, not daring to lift it up.
“Fu… Fufufu… Observe, Walther! In a spar with wooden swords, he’ll suddenly humiliate me with such tricks. Witness how this man really is!”
The soaked Darkness said something that might cause misunderstanding.
“I… I didn’t mean to do that…! Ah–I don’t care anymore!”
She wanted me to not hold back? Then I’ll do everything I can.
I already used magic, so doing it again should be fine!
“Freeze!”
“Ughh…!”
I cast freezing magic, making the soaked Darkness turn pale and hug her shoulder.
“De-Demon…! Deep in the winter, you not only soak her with water but you freeze her with magic too…?!”
“That’s normal–The people in town call him Scumzuma or Trashzuma for a reason.”
Shut up, audience!
“Fu… Fuhahaha! This merciless style! This… This is…!”
Before she finished, Darkness slashed at me!
This was bad. It would be worse if this dragged on.
Facing me who was looking anxious, Darkness seemed to be mocking me as she raised her sword up high.
Her attacks were powerful, but she was either facing the wrong way or misjudged the distance. She could only attack in a straight line, so it was easy to dodge.
“What’s the matter Kazuma? Your breathing is getting ragged!”
Darkness was shivering from the cold, but now her skin was turning red as she sweated and laughed happily.
I already struck Darkness several times, but she didn’t even make a sound.
“Darkness, that’s it! The skinny Kazuma doesn’t have any stamina. He isn’t suited for a dragged-out battle!”
Damn it, that audience is noisy!
“Fufufu… Your movements are getting dull! Well then, it’s about time to decide this.”
After hearing what Aqua said, Darkness smiled arrogantly. She threw her useless sword away and pounced on me.
This is bad, I’ll lose in a match of pure strength!
“All right Darkness! Grab him, strangle him! The weak Kazuma will never beat you in a wrestling match!”
Shit, why was she cheering Darkness on? I’ll strangle that girl after this is over!
As I was building a grudge against Aqua, Darkness spread out her arms and ran towards me to bear hug me.
I threw my sword away too, I held my hands up and took a stance to take Darkness head on.
“You think you can win me in strength? You’re underestimating me!”
Darkness shouted as she happily grabbed my hands.
“I don’t know what you’re planning, but the difference in strength between a Crusader like me and an adventurer like you is… Ahhh!”
Darkness who was grabbing my hand calmly suddenly screamed.
She wanted to pull her hands back, but I held on tightly and said:
“What’s the matter? Aren’t you confident? Hey Darkness, say something! Wahaha… There’s no way I’ll fight you head on; you don’t understand that after partying with me for… Ahhh!”
I thought my victory was ascertained, when I screamed due to my hand being squeezed.
Darkness who was squeezing my hands laughed in a shrill voice.
“Fu… Fufufu… This… This is Drain Touch, right…? But before you drain me of my strength, I’ll break your hands first!”
“Kukuku… You can try if you can… Ahhh! It hurts!!!”
I absorbed the stamina of Darkness with Drain Touch while she planned to overpower me with brute force.
Neither of us were giving in.
Darkness overwhelmed me with her strength bit by bit, but she had a pained expression at the same time.
Damn it, I was siphoning her stamina with Drain Touch but her vitality seemed endless…!
“Ugh, hey Darkness! Let’s make a bet! You wanted to fight me because I did a lot of things that pissed you off, right? So, let’s make a deal. The winner can ask the loser to do anything…”
I gritted my teeth to endure the pain while Darkness leaned her entire weight over as she said:
“You… You want to make a bet…? Fu, fufufu, stalling for time…? You’re on! If I win, you’ll have to prostrate…!”
– A chance!
“Deal…! No… No take backs…!”
“Yeah, of course…! You’re done! Surrender! Or your hand will really…!”
I was being suppressed bit by bit, but I still said with a confident expression:
“I’m serious! Don’t regret this! Promise! After I win, I won’t back down even if you come crying to me!”
Despite being in a disadvantage, I smiled arrogantly at Darkness.
She must’ve been confused because she lessened her strength.
“…? What… What are you planning to do if I lose?”
“I’ll make you go red from ear to ear, something that’ll make you cry and beg…! Hehe, it’s a bet! Let’s decide the match! I can already see you begging for forgiveness after my victory…! You just wait for your fate of screaming for my mercy!”
Darkness shivered when she heard that.
Her power turned weak.
“Ugh…! What… What are you scheming…? Tell me! Hurry!”
“Fuhehe, it’s something you can’t even imagine, something even more overboard…!”
“Wha…! Stop…! Ugh…! Even… Even if I resist, my strength’s being sapped…! Why’s this happening, if this goes on…!”
Drain Touch should only be absorbing vitality, but Darkness’s power grew weaker and she dropped onto one knee.
“Hah… Hah…! You, what do you want to do to me…! Hah, hah…! Ahhh… I’ll lose if this goes on…!”
The breathing of the blushing Darkness became heavy as sweat dripped from the back of her neck down her collarbone.
“I’ll keep sucking your stamina until you faint! Look forward to your miserable sight when you wake up!”
“Ahhh! You…! Ugh… I might lose this fight, but no matter what humiliation I suffer, my heart will not give in…! And… What’s that terrible thing you’re planning…?”
Darkness was still grabbing my hand as she knelt onto the ground of the dojo. Her face red with expectation and her strength draining away.
Walther shouted in surprise.
“Bringing up a bet on the verge of victory, how merciless…! The name Trashzuma is really adequate…!”
“That’s… That’s rude!”
Seeing Darkness collapse, Aqua rushed in to take care of her.
– At this moment.
“I heard you were in the Dojo, so I brought some beverages…”
Darkness’s dad appeared at just the right time.
And the basket full of beverages fell hard onto the ground.
As I was thinking what was happening, the house help behind him was also dumbstruck.
I followed their gaze and…
They were looking at Darkness, who was bruised all over with her dress torn. She was wet, making lots of places visible. Darkness, who was in a pitiful state, was being treated by Aqua.
… Walther and I looked at each other.
And Aqua pointed at the both of us and said:
“… They did this.”
“All right, drag them out and execute them.”
“No, this is a misunderstanding!”
Walther and I shouted at the same time.
After Walther and I desperately explained, we managed to make things clear and got over this mess.
But as a result, Aqua and my real identity were discovered by Walther.
Still, Walther seemed to have noticed that I wasn’t a butler from the very beginning.
Darkness, who was the culprit for our crisis, was still sleeping because of my skill.
After being brought to the meeting room, we stayed beside the slumbering Darkness. The maid helped her change into the usual casual clothes she wore for adventuring, which was a tight black skirt and shirt.
Finally, Darkness’s dad spoke with his eyes on his daughter.
“My girl isn’t good with people… Even with ones who are close with her. Kazuma, you’re in the same party with my daughter, right? She refrains from talking about herself, right?”
Hearing him say that, I tilted my head and thought.
– It’s hard to say.
I don’t really remember, but now that he mentioned it… I didn’t really know much about Darkness.
Or rather, she didn’t really like to talk… And she didn’t say anything good when she did.
“Even as a Crusader, my girl was always alone… She went to the church of Eris every day, praying to Goddess Eris, wishing for comrades she could adventure with. One day, my girl came back from the church and told me she met her first comrade and made a friend. She was so happy as she told me about her female thief friend…”
… Oh, as expected of a real goddess. Goddess Eris really does good work.
“As for our family, my wife passed away when Darkness was young… I didn’t remarry after that, raising her as a single father. I was always doting on her and always bore her freedom in mind… I probably spoiled her that way…”
Darkness’s dad said in remorse.
He was probably referring to Darkness’s fetish.
Because she had too much freedom growing up, that’s why she craved to be tied down?
No, I think that’s just in her nature, Darkness’s dad.
“I think Lalatina’s a charming girl and at the same time is as capable as any man. If not for Kazuma, I would definitely want to take her as my wife.”
Walther said something incredible out of the blue.
What’s this guy saying suddenly?
Darkness is just my comrade.
She seemed alluring to me at times, but that’s a separate issue.
I wouldn’t stand by if someone like the landlord were to ravage her, but if a good man was willing to cherish her, I would gift them with my blessing. That’s how our relationship was.
“… I’m sorry, I don’t really get what you’re saying.”
Hearing me say that, Walther adopted a ‘I know everything, you don’t need to hide it’ attitude and said:
“It’s fine, you can make Lady Lalatina happier than I can. I can see how deep your trust for each other is. Your feelings for each other must be the real thing, right?”
“All right, get your ass over here. I don’t care if you’re the landlord’s son, I need to give you a good beating.”
“Stop, Kazuma-san! Or do it somewhere I can’t see! Or I’ll get arrested too!”
Aqua restrained me from behind while I struggled against her, trying to use Drain Touch on Walther.
“Kekeke, hahaha!”
Darkness’s dad suddenly laughed out loud.
What now? So many things happened today, I’m reaching my limit.
Please don’t give me any more trouble, okay?
“Yes… I understand! Mr. Walther, if no one wants to marry my girl, will you please take good care of her then?”
Facing the sudden question from Darkness’s dad, Walther said with a troubled face:
“Well… I’m fine with this, but…”
Walther seemed to have something to say to me, but Darkness’s dad cut him off and continued:
“Also, Kazuma.”
“Eh? Me? Yes, anything I can do for you?”
The sudden change in topic confused me.
“Please take good care of my girl. Please watch over her, and don’t let her do anything foolish. I’m counting on you.”
What was this old man talking about?
He meant as an adventurer, right?
It would be fine then, that was what I had been doing anyway.
“… Hmm? Ugh…? Meeting room?… Ahhh… Right…”
Darkness regained consciousness.
She seemed to recall what happened before she blacked out and said:
“… Ugh, is it over already? After losing consciousness, what filthy things have been done to me…?”
“Nothing, I didn’t do anything! Don’t say things that’ll cause misunderstandings, all right? It was already tense enough when you were sleeping!”
Hearing me say that, Darkness looked around her and smiled deviously at me.
… What was she thinking?
I remembered what Darkness said before the matchmaking began.
You’ll experience something so bad that you will wish you were dead.
Relax, it’s fine.
No matter what Darkness says, there should be no problems.
Calm down, I’m super cool today.
I can get through anything if I keep a cool head…
“Dear father, Mr. Walther. Please pretend this meeting never happened. I’ve been keeping this from you… I’m already pregnant with Kazuma’s child…”
“What are you saying about a virgin like me? Ahhh!! I didn’t do anything, and you have my child? Do you think you’re Mary? You’re a virgin too! Watch out or I’ll punch you in the belly!”
Seeing the interaction between Darkness who couldn’t say anything good and me, Walther was amused.
“I see, since you’re bearing Kazuma’s child, I have no choice but to give up.”
After finishing, Walther stood up.
… Damn that bitch Darkness.
You didn’t know because you were sleeping, but you didn’t need to say such nonsense anymore.
“I’ll tell my father that I rejected this marriage proposal. That should be for the best.”
After finishing, Walther bid farewell with a smile and left.
… What a great guy.
Please take Darkness back with you…
Seeing Darkness who was smiling mischievously thinking she had succeeded, I sighed heavily.
I guess I’ll have to adventure with this girl a while more…
Darkness and I noticed at this moment that two persons were acting strange.
“Grandson… First grandson… My… My cute grandson…!”
“Ahwahwah… So Kazuma and Darkness reached that stage before I realized it…! I-I need to tell everyone…! I need to tell everyone in town…!”
We had to spend thirty minutes clearing the misunderstanding with Darkness’s dad who was crying, and the confused Aqua.
“Really, I would’ve rejected this matchmaking session if I knew that would happen.”
“That’s what I wanted to say. I’m grateful to you for protecting me from that landlord’s defamation, but please stop sacrificing yourself from now on. We were so worried while you were away.”
“What are you saying, Kazuma? You were planning to push Darkness to that Walther guy, and now you’re pretending nothing happened and painting a picture of a happy ending? Your character is too rotten!”
“That’s right, you dare say you were worried about me? You were planning to leave me behind in the confusion…! Aqua too, you seemed eager in marrying me off, right?”
Hearing Darkness say that, Aqua and I covered our ears.
Darkness sighed heavily and seemed to remember something and said:
“Right, Kazuma! That was your win just now! So, what do you plan to do to me? You were saying something more terrible than I can imagine…!
Darkness then looked at me with a blushing face full of anticipation.
Well, I did say that.
What should I do to her then?
No… Isn’t this a good chance?
I could…
“A-Aqua-san, why are you standing so close to me?”
“… I’m just thinking, what kind of request will Kazuma make? Are you going to ask Darkness to do something terrible? Hey, I know you were frustrated because Darkness made us so worried, but don’t go overboard, all right?”
With the pincer attack of Darkness’s anticipation and Aqua’s accusatory gaze…
“A-about that, let’s discuss this after we return to the mansion…”
I stalled for time and opened the door to the mansion.
“Boo…! Sniff…! That’s too mean–! Megumin’s a meanie–!”
“It’s about time you stop crying! Kazuma and the others should be back soon, they’ll think I’m at fault if they see this… Ah!”
– What we saw was Yunyun sniveling near the door of the mansion.
As I locked eyes with Megumin who was consoling her, I closed the door softly.
Someone pulled the door open forcefully.
“Don’t pretend you didn’t see anything, I can explain this!”
“No, it’s fine. I already know you like to bully others.”
I said calmly to the panicking Megumin who was rushing out of the door.
“That’s wrong! To be honest, when Yunyun and I were classmates…! No, that’s not important right now! It’s not the time to be so worked up over Yunyun…!”
Megumin said as she waved her staff around in a panic.
“Not important! You, you say I’m not important…! No need to get worked up over me…! Wah, wahhh–!”
“Ahhh! Enough, you’re troublesome…! Excuse us for a moment, the two of us need to talk!”
Megumin said as she closed the door, and she talked with Yunyun in the mansion about something.
Not long later, the door opened again and Yunyun left while sniveling.
“I-I’m sorry for disturbing everyone…”
Yunyun bowed deeply and walked away.
… What was with that?
We looked at each other, and could only watch as the sorrowful Yunyun left.
Entering the mansion again, we saw Megumin sitting tiredly on the carpet.
When Megumin saw us, she stood up immediately.
“Kazuma, bad news! This is bad news!”
“I know. From what I just saw, there’s plenty of bad news.”
“That’s not it! Never mind Yunyun for now! That was just a squabble between us, don’t mind it! I’ll explain it to you when we’re free!”
No, I’m really concerned about what happened just now.
But Megumin was still acting as if now was not the time to be doing this.
“It really isn’t the time to be talking about this! The situation is bad, it’s that prosecutor! That one called Sena is on her way here! She declared that she’ll definitely arrest Kazuma this time!”
She told me with a pale, panicking face.
TL: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Boring bone, Xenthur
Part 1
“Satou Kazuma! Is Satou Kazuma here–?!”
Just like Megumin said, Sena charged in angrily.
“Again? What is it this time? Is it frogs? Or did something else happen?!”
I was a bit surprised by Sena’s aura, but I still managed to ask her.
“It’s the dungeon! What did you do to the dungeon? The Keele dungeon near the town! I heard that many mysterious monsters have flooded out from there!”
Sena who was so angry that her ears were red said.
Mysterious monsters? That should be the one I heard about in town recently.
“No… Wait, that has nothing to do with us! We did enter the dungeon before, but pushing all the blame on me when things go wrong is too much!”
Hearing me say that, the others nodded too.
… Good. From their reaction, they didn’t cause any trouble that I didn’t know about.
But Sena was still looking at me with suspicious eyes.
“That might be so, but I heard that you were the last batch of people to enter that dungeon. Going by your history, the chances that you people aren’t involved is really…”
“What twisted reasoning is this? And we really have no clue this time. Right? There’s no problem this time, right?”
Hearing me say that, the three girls shook their heads strongly.
When Sena saw this, she was still doubtful but believed us for now.
“But this is troubling… I have no idea who else but you guys would cause such trouble. I have to hire people to investigate then…”
Sena glanced at us as she spoke.
She was trying to pull the ‘Is there anyone who happens to be free’ gaze on us.
“Oh, Ms. Prosecutor, could you be asking your original suspect to help in your investigation? We have plenty on our plate trying to prove our innocence in the first place.”
Megumin noticed what Sena’s intention was and struck first.
Sena bit her lips, but she ignored Megumin and looked straight at me.
“… I don’t have the time for this, sorry but I have to reject you.”
Hearing my strong rejection, Sena breathed in deeply and slumped her shoulders.
“You’re right, I can’t force this on you since you’re not related to this. But if you change your mind, please lend me a hand. I’ll be making a trip to the adventurer’s guild.”
After Sena finished, she turned and left the mansion.
When Sena was gone, I sighed heavily.
I’m bad with such people.
Maybe it’s because she was honest and one of the few people with a clear conscience in town.
“Well, I’m curious about the mysterious monsters flooding out from the dungeon… But we have things we need to do. First is clearing Kazuma’s suspicion, next is compensating the landlord for his mansion. In the end, there are no solutions for these two problems yet.”
That’s how it was.
“… Hey, Darkness, can we discuss…”
“Forget about borrowing money, I’ve already helped you plenty. Or rather, I want to see the Kazuma who’s at his wit’s end.”
Darkness said to me with a smile.
Ugh… This girl still had a grudge for the incident earlier.
… But, mysterious monsters, huh.
“To be safe, I’ll ask you all again. You really have no idea what this incident is all about, right?”
When they heard what I said, all of them had a question expression.
“For me, if this has nothing to do with explosion magic, I’m not interested.”
“Same for me. I should say that unlike these two, I don’t cause trouble.”
“Ah…! It’s true that Darkness doesn’t cause any major trouble, but on the other hand you lack any stellar performance like in that battle with Destroyer!”
“Wha…! Me-Megumin, you…”
Leaving the squabbling two aside, I asked the most suspicious person.
“What about you? Any ideas?”
Aqua responded to my uneasy words.
“Of course not. Really, you suspect me too much.”
Seeing her frown while saying that, I sighed in relief.
“That’s right. Even you won’t stir up trouble all day! Sorry, my bad. It’s all because of that trial, which made me so suspicious…”
I apologized to Aqua and reflected on my action of blaming everything on her…
“Really, you should trust me a little. You should say that thanks to me, monsters won’t be approaching that dungeon. Wasn’t there a room where the lich was staying? I put some major effort into drawing that magic circle that purified the lich. And that magic circle’s still there right now, keeping evil beings out of that room!”
… I grabbed Aqua’s shoulders.
“Hey, what did you say just now?”
“…? Why… Why are you grabbing me? Like I said, that was a magic circle I put my all into. It should still be working now keeping the monsters at bay…”
I didn’t let Aqua finish…
“You idiot–!”
I grabbed my head and screamed.
Part 2
– Walking on the snow-covered road, we headed for that dungeon.
“… Sniff… This isn’t my fault… It’s definitely not…!”
Together with Aqua who was still crying.
I walked in the front with Aqua behind me, followed by Megumin and Darkness.
I turned back and said to Aqua:
“Why do you do this every time; stirring trouble after accomplishing some good? Why? Is it an illness that compels you to cancel out your performance with mistakes?”
For now, the bad part had been overwhelming the good part though.
“Wait! This isn’t my fault this time! Please believe me, all right? I only set up a purification magic circle in the boss’s lair, it won’t cause the mass spawning of monsters! This is different from the wandering spirits incident earlier!”
Aqua grabbed my shoulders and shook it as she spoke.
“Hey, stop that, it’s hard to walk like this! And whether you’re the cause of this isn’t important! Sena finding your magic circle during her investigation is the real problem!”
The magic circle in the depths of the dungeon.
We must destroy the evidence, or they’ll think we had something to do with this.
I brought an item that could dispel a magic circle with me, but if possible, I would like to settle this without going inside.
Aside from the wailing Aqua, we didn’t meet any problems along the way and reached the entrance to the dungeon.
“… I see, it really is a mysterious monster.”
When we reached the dungeon, we observed the monsters that kept on spilling out from the entrance.
Simply put, they were masked dolls.
They were about the height of my knee and bipedal.
“What is that? I’ve never seen or heard of something like this before.”
Megumin tilted her head and watched the dolls with interest.
“At a glance, they don’t seem that strong in a fight.”
Darkness said, her heavy armour clanking.
“How should I put this? I feel a strong aversion to this doll on the bi Why is that? Just seeing that thing makes me angry.”
Aqua picked up a rock as she said that.
– At this moment.
“Satou-san…! What are you doing here? Did you change your mind and came here to investigate?”
Hearing someone calling me from behind, I turned and saw Sena with a large group of adventurers in tow.
Sena was dressed lightly, wearing no armor and holding a talisman with a strange drawing on it.
So, she was already here.
… No choice, I had to accommodate her.
“Now that I think about it, the appearance of the mysterious monsters will affect us too. And protecting the town from these monsters is the obligation of an adventurer.”
“I’ve never wished that I had a lie detection device with me so strongly before…. But I’m deeply grateful for your assistance.”
Sena said and bowed deeply.
Oh no, my conscience was feeling bad about this.
This person didn’t have any agenda against me, she was just inflexible and persistent in investigating me as a suspect.
“If that’s the case, please take this, Satou-san. It’s unknown why the monsters are spawning, but they were probably summoned by someone. If that assumption is true, then please take down the summoner and paste this on the magic circle.”
Sena gave me a talisman as she spoke.
“… What is this?”
“A talisman imbued with powerful sealing magic. By pasting this on, it’ll disable the magic circle, no matter how powerful it may be. There are certain circles that will continue to summon monsters even after its caster has fallen, so please take this with you.”
I see, such a convenient item–but we didn’t need it.
“No, I don’t need that. Don’t worry, I have a good idea. With so many monsters in the dungeons, there’s no need to trouble ourselves by going in… Megumin! Are you ready?”
“I’m already ready, leave it to me.”
Answering my call, Megumin lifted her staff and walked up.
When Sena saw this, she said in a panic:
“What… What is this? What are you thinking? Could it be…!”
“Oh, you figured it out? That’s right, by casting Explosion at the entrance of the dungeon and sealing it…”
“No, don’t! Please find out the reason! No matter how you look at it, these monsters didn’t spawn naturally. The one lurking in the dungeon must be dangerous if it can summon so many monsters. Even after sealing the dungeon, the other party will escape if it can teleport. So, the goal is for you to find the enemy that’s causing this major crisis and defeat it.”
Damn, such troublesome things again.
This is bad, I didn’t want to enter that dungeon at all.
And Megumin couldn’t use her explosion magic in the dungeon…
At this moment, without caring about my problems, Aqua got in position to throw rocks at the masked monsters.
She said that she was unable to accept that creature on a base level. So, she really hated it that much.
The monster that bore no hostility towards us suddenly charged at Aqua who was planning to throw rocks at it.
“Eh, wait! What…? What is this?… Oh?”
And then, the monster didn’t attack Aqua but hugged her knees tightly instead.
“What, does it want to cuddle? The mask makes me mad, but I think it looks cute when it cuddles like this… Hey, hey, Kazuma, I think this doll’s getting warmer. I have an ominous feeling!”
Aqua ran towards me as she yelled. I had the same ominous feeling and hurried to get away from Aqua.
And so–
With the sound of an explosion, the doll that was hugging Aqua tightly had disappeared without a trace.
What was left was Aqua, who was lying face down on the ground with her clothes all torn up from the explosion.
“… As you can see, this mysterious monster sticks to people who are moving and explodes. The adventurer’s guild wasn’t sure what to do about this too.”
“I see, this is troubling indeed.”
“Why are you all so calm?! Can’t you worry about me a little?! At least check to see how I’m doing!”
As I was chatting calmly with Sena, Aqua leaped up and protested with a face on the verge of tears.
But she seemed to be fine.
“But this is troubling… This monster can only attack by exploding, and will detonate if we hurt it a little. Even if we don’t harm it, it’ll stick to us when we don’t pay attention and will explode anyway. From the current situation, we can only stay far away and defeat them one at a time.”
Sena said as she looked at Megumin consoling Aqua, who was hugging her knees.
Aqua might act like this, but her hagoromo was the strongest godly equipment.
If not for that, she would’ve suffered a considerable injury from that powerful explosion.
What a troublesome monster.
Do we have to throw rocks at it as we advance?
But there were already many monsters spilling onto the surface, who knew how many more were congregating in the dungeon.
Exterminating these monsters one at a time would be a little…
Furthermore, I couldn’t comprehend what the goal of these mysterious monsters were.
In the end, who unleashed these monsters? And for what purpose?
– As I was pondered over such things, Darkness suddenly approached a doll and punched it without a word.
“Hmm? What are you doing suddenly?!”
As the surrounding adventurers and I were panicking because of her action, the doll which took the punch stuck onto Darkness. Shortly after, the doll exploded splendidly just like the one that stuck onto Aqua.
After that explosion–
“… Hmm, I can take it. No problem.”
Darkness who was saying that was still full of life.
As Sena and the other adventurers were still shocked by the tenacity of Darkness…
“I’ll clear a path, just follow behind me Kazuma.”
Darkness said something manly.
The dungeon exploration this time wasn’t a sneaking mission like the previous one.
The plan this time was to attack openly from the front with the other adventurers.
At this moment, Megumin tugged at the corner of my shirt and said:
“Kazuma, Kazuma, I’ll only get in the way inside, can I standby out here? I’ll be ready to use magic at the entrance of the dungeon. Just run out if you run into a powerful monster.”
True, the one summoning these monsters should be inside the dungeon.
And it should be very strong.
It’s better to let Megumin standby here so she can be the ace if a powerful monster chased after us out of the dungeon.
“If that’s the case, I’ll wait for you guys together with Megumin. I’ll cast buffing spells on you before you go in, so both of you be careful.”
Aqua said as she dusted off her clothes…
“Hey, wait a minute! You’re coming too! You’re different from Megumin and can be of use in the dungeon!”
“I don’t wanna–! I don’t want to go into the dungeon anymore! I’ll be left behind if I go into the dungeon! That’s right, and many undead will chase after me–!”
Aqua covered her ears and squatted down, voicing her refusal while shaking her head.
Seemed like she had a trauma when I threatened to leave her behind the last time we visited the dungeon.
I pondered over it and decided to leave Aqua outside too.
With this girl around, the chances of meeting the undead would skyrocket.
And other adventurers would be entering the dungeon too. If we meet any undead without physical form, someone should be able to attack it.
“The only ones entering the dungeon from my party will be just Darkness and me.”
“Yeah… To be alone in the dark dungeon with Kazuma. I think Kazuma’s more dangerous than the monsters.”
“Be careful, I might just leave you in the depths of the dungeon and give you the same trauma as Aqua.”
As we were squabbling, the other adventurers seemed to have decided the members to enter the dungeon.
Some of the adventurers stayed behind on the surface to protect Sena and exterminate the monsters.
About twenty men and women would be entering the dungeon with us.
The plan was for Darkness to take the lead and the other adventurers to follow behind–
– The oil lamp in my hand illuminated the dim passage in the dungeon.
Darkness, who might be attacked by the suicide bombers, was holding a great sword instead of an oil lamp.
I was several steps behind Darkness and held the oil lamp up high, allowing Darkness who was walking in the front to see the road.
The other adventurers fell into line behind us.
It might be a dark and moist dungeon, but there was nothing to fear with so many people around.
That might be so, but our goal was different from theirs.
The other adventurers were here to investigate the reason why the monsters were spawning, but our objective was to dispel the magic circle inside the lich’s room and destroy the evidence.
And so, having them follow behind was troubling for me.
– But, on the other hand…
“Fufufu, hahaha! Kazuma, look! I hit it, I hit it! Even I can hit these fellows accurately!”
Darkness who was walking before me was swinging her sword happily, slashing at the dolls that made no attempts to dodge.
As expected. The dolls counter attacked by suicide bombing, but that just covered the face and armor of Darkness with a bit of dust. She continued charging happily as though nothing had happened.
Well, she was probably a bit concerned about not being able to land a hit on her opponent.
If that was so, stop being stubborn and learn a Long Sword skill, all right?
Maybe her attacks landing made her happy because she was useful, as Darkness rampaged through the dungeon like a tank.
The dungeon created by the renowned lich was sturdy, showing no sign of collapsing despite the series of explosions.
“Hey–Wait, wait for us! Slow down…!”
I could hear the voice of the adventurers coming from behind.
I turned back and realized we had pulled away from the others due to Darkness’s fast rampage.
And those monsters kept jumping out from either side of the dungeons.
“Wait…! Ahhh, it’s sticking on me! Hey, someone pull it off me!”
“Wahhh, don’t come here! Don’t come–!”
The explosion of these monsters was powerful.
They might not be as durable as Darkness or wear godly items like Aqua, but an adventurer in armor wouldn’t die so easily.
I felt a bit bad about that, but I should use this chance…
“Keep it up Darkness! Go straight down the passage! Keep charging ahead!”
“Okay, leave it to me! Ah, such a thrilling experience! I think this is the first time I’m fulfilling my role as a crusader!”
The excited Darkness didn’t realize what the situation was like behind her.
Charge into the depths in one shot and we can say goodbye to this dungeon in no time.
We reached our destination in the deepest part of the dungeon a bit too easily, which was near the lich’s room.
If I remembered correctly, this should be the deepest part of this passage.
“… What’s with this? No matter how I look at it, this must be the boss of these monsters.”
Before me and Darkness was a figure sitting cross-legged in the lich’s room, working hard at making the dolls.
He was wearing a suit that didn’t match the dungeon at all, and his hands were covered in white gloves. The mask he was wearing had a similar design with the dolls that attacked us.
The mask that didn’t cover the mouth had an ominous feeling.
Maybe he didn’t see us, even though I was holding up an oil lamp. Or maybe he was too focused on making his dolls, but this fellow didn’t even look at us.
I couldn’t see his face with his mask on, but from his build he should be a man.
As I was wondering what to do, Darkness took large steps towards the masked man.
“Hey… What are you doing here? If you’re making those dolls, that means you’re the mastermind behind this commotion, right?”
Darkness then drew out her sword and took a stance.
The masked man only faced us now, as if he only noticed us after Darkness said that.
Looking closely, that guy was tall.
He didn’t have anything that looked like a weapon on his hands, but it was obvious that he was not a mere minion character.
The eye part of the mask gleamed with a red light, and the exposed mouth smirked.
“Ohhh… I didn’t expect anyone to be able to reach here. Adventurers, welcome to my dungeon! Thou art correct, moi art the source and the origin of all evil! Moi art a general of the Demon King’s army, the duke of hell that commands the devils! The arch devil that can see through anything in the world, Vanir!”
An unexpectedly strong enemy appeared!
– In the dim dungeon, I backed away slowly.
Darkness held her sword cautiously against Vanir. She was tense since this was a general of the Demon King’s army after all.
Oh no, I didn’t expect to face a general of the Demon King’s army with just Darkness and me.
No… Now that I thought about it, there were plenty of signs.
For example, the frogs that emerged out of the ground as though they were fearing something.
What spooked them wasn’t the explosion spell.
Just like that time when Beldia showed up here, the weak monsters had all fled.
“Darkness. Hey Darkness, we can’t handle this situation by ourselves, let’s think of a way to escape!”
“What are you saying? As a devotee of the Goddess Eris, how can I retreat in the face of the devil and a general of the Demon King’s army on top of that! Even if it’ll kill me, I’ll bring him down!”
What a stubborn woman!
After hearing what Darkness said, Vanir smirked enthusiastically.
“Ohhh, thou wish to defeat moi? Defeat Mr. Vanir, who some say is stronger than the Demon King? You… The girl who’s worried that the man over there saw your six-pack when thou were naked in the shower, I can’t fathom why art thou are so angry, but moi heard that eating some small bones will help in alleviating your nature of being quick to anger. Part of my mask was made from the bones of magic dragons, I don’t mind letting you bite it.”
“Six-pack… Six-pack…? You, stop spouting nonsense you minion of the Demon King! Kazuma, this guy’s lying! I don’t have any six-packs, I’m not worried about it!”
“Eh, don’t get agitated Darkness. Calm down!”
I restrained Darkness who was waving her sword and about to attack.
Vanir ignored the enraged Darkness, maintaining his position of sitting cross-legged and said:
“Please calm down. I didn’t come here to pick a fight with thee. It’s because that fellow, the Demon King, asked moi to investigate something. Also, I have some business with the useless general in Axel who became more impoverished the harder she worked.
Darkness and I looked at each other when we heard Vanir say that.
Darkness who was standing at one side kept her sword raised and alert, ready to strike at any moment. I sat on the floor of the dungeon and listened as Vanir spoke.
“First, although I’m a general of the Demon King’s army, I’m just maintaining the barrier of the castle because of his request, so I’m just a general in name. I’m known to others as a devil. The best delicacy for devils are the negative feelings produced by the hatred of humans. In my eyes, humans are the producer of delicacies, so I won’t perform stupid things such as killing or harming thou. Whenever a human’s born, I’m so happy that I’ll dance in the courtyard.”
“I-I see… But to stimulate our negative feelings, that means you’ll harm us, correct? There won’t be any negative feelings if our lives are peaceful.”
He had not shown hostility yet, but since he was a general of the Demon King’s army, we won’t be able to handle him with just the two of us.
It’s better to play along with him and avoid fighting.
Speaking of which, a general in name maintaining the barrier…
He was someone just like Wiz.
Vanir remained seated cross-legged as he created dolls skillfully while speaking.
“For negative feelings, there are tons of them in various intensity. The tastes of every devil are different and have differing preferences. Some devils like fear and despair, while others are like me, transforming into a great beauty to approach men. And after working hard to make them fall for me, I’ll then reveal my true form and say, ‘Too bad, it’s actually moi’. Then I’ll taste their feelings as they cry tears of blood.”
“I’m starting to think it would be better to kill you off.”
I looked with suspicion at the devil wearing a suspicious mask.
– The Demon King seemed to have tasked this devil with the job of scouting out the humans that defeated Beldia.
“As I was toying with the Demon King’s subordinates and feeding off their negative feelings… He pleaded with me, ‘Don’t sloth in my castle and bully my subordinates. Go work occasionally…’ I was thinking about visiting my old friend residing in this town, so I took the job. On my way here, I found this dungeon without a master. I thought that it suited moi and came in on my own.”
What about your work? Your old friend? There had to be a limit on how carefree you could be! I wanted to retort, but if he said, ‘I’ll start doing my work then’, it would be troubling.
The humans who defeated Beldia were us after all.
– Although I wanted to ignore this fellow and scram, there was something I couldn’t ignore.
“You mentioned that it would be troubling for you if humans were harmed, so what’s with these dolls? They kept spilling out from the dungeon and gave plenty of trouble to the townsfolk.”
“… Hmm? These things are used by moi to exterminate the useless monsters inside this dungeon. I see, since they’ve made their way out, it means that there are no more monsters inside the dungeon. It’s time for moi to stop the mass production of Vanir dolls and begin the next phase.”
“… The next phase? What are you scheming?”
Hearing me say that, Vanir returned the half-finished doll into dust and said:
“It’s rude to call it scheming, man who was as worried as a bear and pacing around the room all day because the armor girl didn’t return home for a few days. I have a grand dream as a devil. I came to this place to fulfill that dream.”
“Hey, shut up! You did say that you’re a devil that can see through all things, but why are you describing it as if you’d seen it with your own eyes… And you, you… Stop squirming about!”
Darkness who was blushing and stealing glances at me was annoying.
It was true that I was worried about her, but I didn’t pace around my room… The frequency should be negligible.
“The dreams of a devil don’t sound like a good thing. Anyway, can I ask what kind of dream is that?”
Under the angry glare of Darkness, Vanir nodded…
“For moi who had existed for near eternity… I’ve been harboring the urge to go out with a bang for quite some time now–and that’s to pass on elegantly after dining on the finest negative emotions. I’ve been thinking for a long time, that I don’t even remember when I first had this thought. I had been thinking, what do I need to do to dine on the negative emotion I’m most fond of. And I’ve finally found the best idea…”
Vanir smiled at this juncture, and I waited with bated breath.
“First, I’ll obtain a dungeon. Next, I’ll dispatch my evil minions to standby in each room, setting grueling traps in them! Powerful veteran adventurers will then come forth to challenge themselves! After experiencing numerous challenges, someone will finally make it to my residence in the depths of the dungeon!”
Vanir got more and more excited during his monologue, his hand gestures were larger and his tone more agitated.
“And waiting in the depths of the dungeon will of course, be moi! I’ll then say, ‘It was impressive for you to make your way here, adventurers! Come, great fortune awaits if you can defeat moi…!’ After my opening speech comes the final battle! After a fierce fight, the adventurers will finally defeat moi. In the end, a treasure chest with heavy seals will appear behind my tattered body. As I start to lose consciousness, the adventurers who overcame immense hardships will open the treasure chest before my eyes…!”
Darkness and I gulped and waited in silence.
“… Inside the box will be a piece of paper saying, ‘Thank you for your patronage!’ The adventurers will then look at this paper with a blank face. That’s the scene I want to see as I head towards my demise.”
“Don’t do that. That’s so pitiful, anything but that…”
“Hey, Kazuma, I think we should take out this fellow after all.”
Vanir smirked at me and Darkness lightly and said:
“A friend of mine’s operating a shop here. Moi original plan was to work in her shop to save up money, and use those funds along with the help of my friend to create a large dungeon. But when I passed by this dungeon, I realized there was no owner. So, I changed my mind and decided to use this place instead.”
“Staying here for such a reason is a bit… Anyway, I know what you’re planning to do here. Since you won’t be creating anymore dolls, there’s nothing more to discuss. We’re here because we need to do something in the room behind you. To tell you the truth, we’re here to dispel the magic circle in that room.”
“Huh…? Hey, Kazuma, instead of that magic circle, we should take care of this guy! You want to ignore this General of the Demon King’s army? The enemy of humanity’s right before us!”
That might be so, but what can just Darkness and I do against a general of the Demon King’s army?
As I was getting up and planning to leave to dispel the magic circle…
“… Magic circle? Oh, that magic circle that gave moi quite a bit of trouble. Thou art too kind. I don’t know which annoying fellow did this, but this irritating magic circle’s keeping me out of the room. If thou are willing to dispel it for me, I’ll gift you a Vanir doll made by moi which will laugh in the middle of the night.”
“No… No thanks. It would be troubling for us if this magic circle remains here. We’ll be leaving after dispelling it, so please do as you please after that.”
My plan was to rush off after getting rid of the magic circle, so I said so casually.
“Why would the existence of this magic circle be bad for thee? Let moi peer into thou’s past…”
My words stirred the curiosity of Vanir and he said this light heartedly…
… No, wait…!
“… Fuhahaha!”
Before I could stop him, Vanir seemed to have observed something and laughed dryly.
Feeling a strange aura coming from Vanir, Darkness moved up to protect me.
“Fuhahaha…. Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Should I say this is as expected or unexpected?! So, the magic circle that’s troubling was set by thou’s party mate! Even an arch devil like moi couldn’t breach it. To be able to set up such a magic circle, could that priestess be…?”
Damn… I didn’t know what was happening, but this devil appeared to be agitated!
Vanir stood up slowly, his eyes that were looking at me emitted a red gleam.
Unlike the red pupil of the Crimson Magic Clan, it fitted the image of a devil, drawing out the instinctual fear of men. Eyes that were red like blood.
“Oh, the vision’s clear to moi! On the surface! At the entrance of this dungeon! I see the priestess who set up the magic circle drinking tea leisurely while looking bored.”
If what he said was true, I had the urge to go back immediately and beat her up. I want to scold her for making life so difficult for me.
The face below Vanir’s mask was full of life.
“All right. Girl who’s really concerned with the ‘overboard demand’ after losing a bet to this man, can’t get it off her mind, is full of anticipation and keeps squirming around. Boy who’s thinking about what to do to this girl and is itching to do so, open a path for moi! Don’t worry, ‘not killing humans’ is moi iron rule. That’s right, I won’t kill humans… All ‘humans’! That girl who gave moi so much trouble with her magic circle, I’ll show her!”
“Nothing’s on my mind. I’m not anticipating and I’m not squirming, so stop your nonsense! Don’t… Don’t mess around!”
“That-That-That’s right! I’m not itching at all! No… No such thing!
We barely endured the psychological attack of Vanir who could see through our minds as he took a step toward us.
This fellow said he was a devil that could see through all things, and he emphasized just now that he didn’t kill ‘humans’.
Which meant he knew Aqua’s identity…?
At this moment, Darkness lifted her long sword and pointed it at Vanir who was closing in on us.
“If you’re planning to harm Aqua, there’s no way I’ll back down. As a crusader serving the Goddess Eris, I swear on my honor that you shall not pass!”
“Not just your six-packs, even your brain’s hard and inflexible, girl. If I’m serious, it’ll be easy for me to finish you off. But I’m not planning to kill humans. It’s hard to judge which person will produce an exquisite negative emotion after all. Go home and finish that ‘overboard demand’ with each other. This devil with foresight eyes guarantees thou that if you return now, no one will get in your way, things will definitely develop as you hope for.”
This… This guy…
“Ignore him Darkness! These are the so-called whispers of the devil! Don’t get tempted by his alluring words.”
“I-I won’t be tempted! Kazuma, think of the time and place, okay?!”
Strange? My heart was shaken immensely…!
What’s with that foresight-eyed devil? He made me think that ‘Can’t get it off her mind, is full of anticipation and keeps squirming around’ was real.
… I stole a glance at Darkness and found her cheeks slightly red, the tip of her sword was shaking, showing how shaken her heart was.
“Fuhahaha! Both are interested in the other party as a member of the opposite gender, but are too scared to cross that line because thou art party mates! Scurry off! Or thou could rest in that room with a magic circle after I pass through before returning!”
They really were the sweet murmurs of the devil!
None of the enemies I encountered had set such a vicious trap!
“Hey, Kazuma! What are you so hung up about? We live in the same mansion, it would be awkward if we develop such a relationship! Get your act together!”
“Ahhh! That’s right, this is Darkness. I must get my act together! It’s just that her looks and body suits my taste, but it’s that Darkness inside. Don’t be tricked by a moment of lust!”
“You… You… You will get it after we go back…!”
Girls are so complicated.
“Ohhh… You resisted my temptation. But how should I go about this? All my skills are so powerful, they’ll kill you in a single hit. For example, moi lethal laser. Because it’s a lethal laser, thou who art a human will perish with one hit; thou shall perish even if it doesn’t hit. Aside from this, there’s the Vanir eye beams, but it has the side effect of burning moi eyes after using it, so I haven’t tried it before…”
“Enough, enough! I’ll go crazy if you go on! I won’t let you go to Aqua, you’ll have to defeat me first if you want to go there!”
Darkness slashed at Vanir after saying that!
Vanir effortlessly dodged Darkness’s continuous attack as he laughed happily.
“Fuhahaha! Why are the attacks of this fierce girl not landing at all?… Hmm? Where’s the other one? That boy who’s good at talking but mediocre in performance, where did he go?”
Vanir looked around the area, searching for me who suddenly disappeared.
… Sorry for being mediocre. My skills just happened to be plain, all right?
“Stop looking around! Your opponent is me!”
As he listened to Darkness talk…
“Where did the man who looked like a schemer went off to? How should I put this, such unscrupulous jerks are more dangerous than a muscle-headed crusader? I can feel his presence, but where did he…?”
The moment Darkness slashed at Vanir, I put down the oil lamp and stuck close to the wall in the darkness. Using Lurk , I sneaked to Vanir’s back.
So, what if I was a schemer, no one was stupid enough to fight the general of the Demon King’s army head on.
“Don’t look down on me, face me–!”
Darkness swung her sword sideways.
Vanir leaped backwards.
– His back was right before me as I stood ready.
I stopped using Lurk and used all my weight to give Vanir a flying kick!
“Ugh! Unscrupulous jerk, when art thou sneaked here… Oh, oh no…!”
Vanir who dodged Darkness’s earlier attacks took a few unsteady steps forward, right into Darkness’s attack range. Darkness’s attack, which was powerful but lacked accuracy, cleaved across Vanir’s body.
Vanir’s left hand flew into the air, his torso suffered critical damage and he kneeled onto the ground–!
“To think that… Curses, moi is too careless…! To think a talent like you was hiding in a beginner town…! Ugh… Is this how it’ll end for moi…?”
After his speech, Vanir’s body crumpled into dust along with his tuxedo, leaving only the mask behind.
The lantern lit our surroundings dimly, and only Darkness’s heavy breathing could be heard in the dark dungeon.
“No way… Did I just defeat a general of the Demon King’s army…?”
Darkness had a face of disbelief, gripping the long sword in her hand hard. Her adrenaline from the battle was still running and she kept on trembling.
“… If you say something like ‘Did I just defeat?’’, it most probably means you didn’t. But that guy seemed surprised when he was slashed, so it should be for real, I guess?”
“As thou art hoping it to be true…”
A voice came from behind in response to my words.
The sound originated from the mask that had fallen onto the ground.
The mask absorbed the earth from the dungeon, forming slowly into a body.
In the end, the body was wearing a suit and was identical to the man just now.
“Did thou really think you had defeated moi? Sorry, not at all! Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Oh my, the negative emotions coming from thou are delicious!”
I want to kill this guy!
“What kind of absurd body is that? You think you can do such cheat-like things because you’re a general of the Demon King’s army?!”
“Boohoo… I thought I really got him… I thought the me that couldn’t normally hit the enemy had taken out a general of the Demon King’s army… I didn’t do much during the fight against the Destroyer and I thought I finally had the chance to perform…”
As Darkness was saying that depressed with the tip of her sword shaking, Vanir smiled happily.
“Fuhahaha! This body’s just a fake created by moi magic, the mask is my real body. No matter how much thou slash at me, this body will at most return to dust! In the end, the place where moi body dissipates will be fertile as the earth, from my body is full of mana. The flowers will bloom and the butterflies…”
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about! My headache worsens whenever you speak! Damn it! What now, Darkness? Should we withdraw for now?”
“I don’t wanna! Being made a fool is a shame of the knights! I must make this fellow pay…!”
Darkness made a strong declaration against Vanir.
“Yes, I understand. But I have no desire to play with thou like this. It’s time for moi to use my skill for this type of situation! I have a hidden skill that won’t harm anyone and will only absorb negative emotions, observe!”
After saying that, Vanir used his right hand to lift his mask…!
“Hey Darkness! This looks bad! Let’s get out of here first!”
“Too late! Crusader with a tenacious body, lend thou body to moi!”
Vanir shouted as he threw his mask at Darkness–!
“… Darkness? Hey… Darkness! Say something!”
After getting hit, Darkness’s face was covered by that mask. Her hand holding her sword lowered naturally, and she remained still with her head down.
This development wasn’t good.
According to what Vanir said and the current situation, Vanir probably took over Darkness’s body.
And in fact, the body of Vanir started crumbling into dust after the mask had been thrown out.
Darkness who had put on her mask raised her head slowly…!
“Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Listen up kid! This special power of moi, (what should I do Kazuma, my body’s been taken over!) How about it boy, if thou dare attack this girl, (I don’t mind! Don’t hold back, attack as you wish! Quickly come! This is the most wonderful situation!)”
Words that didn’t make sense came out from Darkness’s mouth.
“… What are you trying to say?”
“How can this be, what’s with this (beautiful) woman?!… Damn, damn it, don’t sneak in words and play around! But seriously, this girl’s mental tenacity is too strong… (An excellent role model of a crusader!) … Shut up!”
By right, this should be a crisis, but Darkness was handling this calmly.
Or rather, she seemed to be having fun.
“To resist moi control, thou art a formidable opponent! (No, not really…) But if you keep on resisting my control, thou shall suffer horrible pains! (What, what did you say?!) Fuhahaha! Let’s see how long you can resist!… Huh? There aren’t negative emotions, what’s welling out from her is… Pleasure…?”
Seeing Darkness standing there motionless, I decided to leave her there and finish my original objective.
I entered the room that belonged to that lich to dispel all traces of the magic circle with the magic item I was given.
As I was doing that…
“(I…! I won’t give in to this pain…!) Thou have respectable courage! But enduring it any longer will cause thee to break down mentally…! … Could it be, thou are enjoying this?”
I heard Vanir say this in confusion.
Finally, I finished clearing the traces of the magic circle and returned to the two that was struggling internally.
“All right Darkness, mission accomplished! We just need to return to the surface and that’s it! Let’s link up with Aqua and run away!”
I walked towards Darkness while I said that, but she pointed her long sword at me.
“Don’t come any closer, brat! (Kazuma, don’t worry about me! Just leave me here and go!) Don’t think things will proceed as you’ve wished… (… Ahhh! I always wanted to say that line…!) Thou have feelings for this girl and don’t want to see her get hurt, right? (!) If this girl continues to resist moi power (Ka-Kazuma, this devil who claims to have foresight just said something intriguing.) If you don’t want that to happen, thou should stop this girl. (I’m happy that you feel this way about me. I really am, but the difference in our status is too vast, and we’re in the same party…) Annoying, ahhh!”
“You two are the annoying ones! Please, one at a time, all right? I don’t get what you’re trying to say!”
Seeing Vanir losing it and yelling, I yelled back defiantly.
“Ugh…! Choosing this body was a big failure (Hey, don’t say my body’s a failure, how rude!) Silence! Moi will be leaving, thou shut your mouth!”
Seemed like Vanir couldn’t take over Darkness’s iron-like will completely and was about to give up.
Even a general of the Demon King’s army couldn’t handle that pervert.
Vanir slumped his shoulder tiredly and lifted his arm to take off the mask.
– I remembered something suddenly.
It would be more troublesome if Vanir recovered his original strength.
After all, if his main body–the mask–was fine, he could change to a new one if he got into danger.
And those beams and laser he mentioned sounded dangerous.
Could he use those skills if he was inside Darkness’s body?
If he became serious, Darkness and I wouldn’t be able to stop him from going to the surface.
– What if we trapped him inside Darkness’s body?
Not only was this the body of a human he wasn’t familiar with, there was also Darkness who would get in his way as well.
… How about sealing him inside Darkness’s body, bringing him to the surface and asking Aqua and the others to think of a way to resolve this?
That’s right, since this guy wanted to find Aqua, I should bring him there.
I walked to Vanir who wanted to take off the mask.
– I then pasted the sealing talisman Sena gave me onto the mask.
“What are you doing, brat…? What’s happening? I can’t touch… Hey… What’s this talisman, brat? My fingers get deflected even if I want to touch it! (Yeah, something’s fluttering before my eyes, how irritating… Wait. Hey Kazuma, isn’t that…!)”
The two of them tried their best to remove the talisman, but it seemed that the one being sealed couldn’t touch that talisman.
“It’s the talisman Sena gave me. Darkness, maintain this and return to the surface with me. Keep Vanir within your body and bring him to Aqua and the others. We’ll then ask Aqua to cleanse that thing within you!”
“(Hya?)”
That scream sounded so uniform as though only one of them did so.
Most of the doll-like monsters in the dungeon had been cleared, so we didn’t meet any resistance.
“Brat! This girl’s suffering tremendous pain as she resists moi control! If this goes on, she’ll suffer mental trauma! It’s in your best interest to tear off the talisman and let moi go! Or else… (It’s true Kazuma! I’ve been feeling something terrible… Very terrible…! Ahhh, this is the first time I felt something so intense, as expected of a general of the Demon King’s army! I can’t take it anymore…!)”
Probably because of the pain, the back of Darkness’s neck was sweating as she followed me while panting.
From the looks of things, Darkness still had control over her body.
On the way back, the adventurers who entered the dungeon with us were stunned when they saw Darkness wearing a mask, but I didn’t have time for them right now.
“Just hang on a little while longer, Darkness! We’re almost there! I’ll release you from the pain when we reach the surface!”
“Ugh… What’s with this weird situation… (It’s fine, just leave me.)”
……
“What did you say?” x2
Vanir and I cried out in unison.
– To be honest, bringing a general of the Demon King’s army back to the surface made me feel uneasy.
But he was using that body as a container.
Frankly speaking, Darkness was incredibly clumsy.
Even when she slashed at a target right before her, she would hit once for every five tries.
I wanted to ask her how she could be so clumsy to such an extent.
Anyway, the adventurers on the surface should be enough to suppress Darkness.
“Darkness, great work for enduring this long! Leave the rest to Aqua, the other adventurers and I will restrain your body…”
I said that when I saw the light at the end of the tunnel. But before I finished…
“… Fuhahaha… Fuhahaha! Art thou speaking to moi?”
The voice spoke very clearly and wasn’t interrupted by Darkness like earlier.
“Taking over complete! Brat, you underestimated moi! I was holding back earlier! If I approach thou’s companion with such an appearance, she’ll welcome moi with her guard down! When I see thou’s priestess companion, I’ll cleave her right in the head!”
As Vanir was shouting this, he dashed up the stairs faster than I could, even though he was wearing heavy armor.
Oh shit, oh shit!
That fellow’s target was Aqua. She might be wearing a strange mask, but no one would stop Darkness from getting near Aqua!
“Wake up, Darkness! You’re better than this, do you want to give in to the minions of the devil?!”
“Fuhahaha! It’s useless, brat! I don’t know what this girl’s thinking, but when the pain exceeds a certain threshold (I-I can’t anymore…) will hand over the body… Damn, damn it! Don’t make such weird noises!”
Oh no, that pervert can’t stand it anymore!
Vanir moved the body he had total control over and said:
“All right, time for a touching reunion for comrades who made it out of the dungeon alive! My hated enemy! I want to see what thou will do to a comrade whose body has been taken over by the enemy…!”
He shouted and leapt outside…!
“Sacred Exorcism–!”
“(Ahhh–!)”
Aqua, who was waiting at the entrance of the dungeon, cast her spell without warning, enveloping Darkness in white flames.
Vanir who jumped out of the dungeon was on fire. He couldn’t withstand it and fell on one knee.
“Dark… Darkness–!”
And of course, he did so while controlling Darkness’s body.
I rushed out of the dungeon, rushing to Darkness’s side to check on her.
But on the surface, Darkness had no signs of burns at all.
“Fu… Fufufu… Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha!”
And unexpectedly, Vanir who was hit by Aqua’s spell didn’t seem to be bothered.
“Hey Aqua! Don’t attack Darkness with magic so suddenly, it’s bad for my heart!”
I lectured Aqua, but she said unapologetically:
“What are you saying, that spell’s harmless against humans! I felt something evil coming out, so I was thinking I should cast the spell first and…”
“(I-I see… That’s fine, I was just surprised… Please give me a heads up next time, all right…?)”
That attack probably made Vanir relax his control, allowing Darkness’s will to show up.
“Hey Aqua! A general of the Demon King’s army is trying to take over Darkness’s body! The enemy appears to be a devil! An opponent you’re great at dealing with!”
“A… A general of the Demon King’s army?!”
When I said that, Sena who was observing the situation from a distance shouted before Aqua could react.
When she heard me say that, Aqua frowned and walked towards Darkness with an irked face.
She slowly covered her nose and said:
“Smelly! This is too smelly! That’s right, this is the stench of a devil! Really, how did Darkness get stained with this filth?”
“(Hmm?! I-I don’t think I’m smelly…)”
Aqua’s words made Darkness tear up under the mask.
“Fufufu… (Kazuma, smell me… It isn’t smelly, right?) Fuhahaha, fuhahaha! (Even if there’s a stench, it must be due to me charging around the dungeon just now.) Shut up! This is the scene where moi makes a cool speech, so keep quiet!”
Darkness became depressed when even Vanir lectured her.
“Fuhahaha! Greetings, cursed priestess that shares the same name as that notorious goddess of water! I’m Vanir! Duke of hell, one of the generals of the Demon King’s army, arch devil Vanir!”
Vanir had control of the body’s speech function, but Darkness had control over the body. While Vanir was making a grand monologue, his body seemed bored as it kicked at the small pebbles on the ground.
… By the way, he mentioned the priestess who shared the same name with the goddess of water.
Seemed like this devil realized Aqua’s identity.
“Not bad, greeting me with exorcism magic without hesitation! Fuhahaha, that’s the reason why the infamous Axis devotees are shunned by all! Does thou not know basic courtesy?”
“Annoying–being courteous to the devil, what nonsense are you saying? Devils are worse than the undead who go against the will of the gods. A parasite that can’t survive without the negative emotion of humans–! Puhehe!”
The two were silent for a moment after this exchange…
“Sacred High Exorcism–!”
“Naive!”
Aqua cast a spell without warning, but Vanir dodged to the side at the last moment.
“Why are you dodging, Darkness? Be a good girl and keep still!”
“(I-I know, but my body’s moving by itself!)”
As Aqua and Vanir began their fight, Sena and Megumin came to my side.
“Kazuma, Kazuma! What’s with this situation? Why’s Darkness wearing that mask…? How sly, I want a mask like that too! That mask’s stimulating my blood of the Crimson Demons!”
“What stupid things are you talking about, now’s not the time for that! Darkness’s body has been taken over by a General of the Demon King’s army, his main body is that mask! You have any ideas?”
“Satou-san, how did it turn out this way? That’s indeed a Demon King’s army general on the wanted list, the one who possesses foresight and clairvoyance. The devil of foresight, Vanir. What’s a big shot like him doing here?”
Sena, whose face was ash white, said in a voice closed to screaming.
“That guy’s here to investigate the people who defeated Beldia, a general of the Demon King’s army. He had another more troubling objective, but let’s talk about that later. Right now, I’ve sealed him using the talisman you gave me. He’s that mask on Darkness, and he’s trapped inside her right now.”
Hearing me say that, Sena commented with a bewildered expression.
“Trapped… In her body? You sealed a general of the Demon King’s army inside the body of your comrade?! What’s wrong with you? What were you thinking?”
“… But, this situation’s not good. That devil can even endure a hit from Aqua’s exorcism spell. He can do so because he’s possessing Darkness’s body. Crusaders are holy knights that serve the gods, that’s why Darkness has strong resistance against light magic. It’d be better to tear off the talisman and release that devil for now.”
After hearing Megumin say that, I looked at the devil Vanir who kept on dodging Aqua’s spell.
Under his skilled control, Darkness’s clumsy body wasn’t affected by the heavy armor, toying with Aqua with his agile movements.
What the hell, I thought we would win if we trapped him inside Darkness’s body!
I was surprised by how high Darkness’s physical specs were.
“Release that guy? He’s trapped in Darkness’s body right now, so he can only attack with a long sword. But that devil said he could use a killing laser. That’ll be hard to handle if we release him from Darkness’s body.”
When I looked again, the other adventurers had also joined the fray. They were providing support, attempting to slow Vanir down so Aqua’s spell could hit.
“… This… This is bad… If this goes on…”
“… Things don’t look good…”
Following Megumin’s gaze, I confirmed the situation–
“Damn! That Darkness is so strong…!”
“I can’t hit her! She parried my attack with her sword easily! Her strikes are heavy and amazingly fast! We’re only alive because she was holding back…!”
“Fuhahaha! This body isn’t bad! The strength and stamina are great! The resistance against holy magic makes it even more splendid! (Boohoo… I’m causing trouble for the other adventurers, but I’m a little happy to gain the upper hand against so many opponents…!)”
That girl… Now’s not the time to be happy!
“Hey Darkness! Enough, stop thrashing around–! Do you or don’t you want to be saved? Or are you feeling great because you’re showing the adventurers who looked down on you who’s boss?”
“(No-No, I’m not!) Fuhahaha! What’s wrong thou weaklings, come at moi! Don’t hold back!”
As Darkness was trying to explain herself Vanir spouted taunting words, making the expression of the adventurers around her turn sour.
“Darkness, you little…! Acting cocky because your attacks are landing!”
“I thought you were the one that was the most level-headed in Kazuma’s party! To think that you…!”
“Surround her! Encircle that crusader!”
“(The-The one taunting wasn’t me!) Fuhahaha! No matter how many minions you throw at moi, I’ll beat all of you off! (Ahhh…)”
Vanir was talking in Darkness’s voice.
To the adventurers, there was no way to differentiate which was Darkness and which was Vanir.
And because of that, Darkness was drawing more and more hate from the crowd. For some reason, the adventurers were scolding Darkness instead of Vanir.
“She’s obviously being manipulated by the enemy, but everyone’s scolding her, how pitiful! Isn’t there anything we can do?”
In fact, Darkness was being scolded as she overwhelmed the crowd with her abilities…!
“(Ahhh… The adventurers that talked to me so nicely are looking at me with eyes of disdain…!) I sense feelings of joy… Why’s that so? What’s happening…?”
……
“But she seems so happy.”
Megumin tugged on my shirt and said:
“… That-That’s why we have to save her! Don’t you have any ideas, Kazuma?”
Even if you asked me, the current Darkness was beyond what I could handle.
In the current situation, we didn’t have the means of defeating that devil.
Even Aqua’s spell didn’t have any effect. There was nothing we could do…
“You’re so annoying! Why are you so hard to deal with?”
“That’s what moi wants to say! Damn it, how despicable to attack in waves! Don’t think you can play around because moi don’t want to kill thou, adventurers!”
Meanwhile, Aqua and Vanir were still battling.
When the adventurers figured out that Vanir’s target was Aqua, they formed a human wall to hold Vanir back.
Aqua kept casting her exorcism spell from behind the human wall, but both parties couldn’t break the stalemate.
The balance was finally broken by Vanir.
He probably had gotten used to controlling Darkness’s body. Swinging the two-handed long sword with ease, he began destroying the weapons of the adventurers one by one.
In terms of her strength and stamina, Darkness was well ahead of the other adventurers.
And with the vast combat experience of the devil and agility, the sub-par crusader Darkness was powerful enough to win against an adventurer’s party of ten.
“I think that girl seems a little blessed today. Her performance has been eye-catching in all sorts of ways…”
“Don’t just say that leisurely, think of something… Ahhh!”
Finally, an adventurer couldn’t withstand Vanir’s fierce attack and fell to its blunt blow, crumbling the line of defense.
Megumin yelped when she saw what happened.
“Fuhahaha! It’s time to settle our score, moi rival! To die under the blade of your companion, how blessed art thou!”
“Hey Darkness! I believe in you! You won’t lose to the devil, right? It’s… It’s fine, right? Hey, Darkness, can you hear me?”
Aqua retreated slowly as she shouted, but Darkness didn’t reply.
The balance between Vanir and the adventurers had broken down. It was only a matter of time before Aqua, who was hiding behind them, was attacked.
“Satou-san, are you not going to join the battle? Aren’t that priestess and possessed crusader your party mates?! Are you not going to save them?”
Sena asked me urgently, now what should I do?
“No, you should know that I’m just an adventurer. Guys that are stronger than me are falling one after another. I can’t turn the tide even if I join the fray.”
“You! What is with you?”
As Sena’s face was cramping from disgust, the adventurers lost their ability to fight one after another.
“Ka-Kazuma–! This is a big crisis! The biggest crisis I’ve ever met–!”
Aqua who was on the verge of tears pleaded for help from the distance. Megumin hugged her staff as she looked up at my head with unease.
Even if you looked at me like this, the weak me couldn’t do anything…!
Even Sena, who was focusing on the adventurers being forced into a corner, was looking up at me with a pale face.
I really wanted to give Sena a good lecture right now.
I wasn’t the one who started the commotion, but I got dragged in as a victim every single time.
… Sigh, I kept getting dragged into troublesome matters. Where did my luck go off to?
People who said I had good luck must’ve lied to me, I complained in my mind.
“Kazuma-san–! Kazuma-san–!”
– I listened to Aqua’s pleas for aid.
“… You guys are really troublesome, ahhh!”
I shouted a little disparagingly as I prayed. I hoped that if my luck really was good, everything would turn out well as I charged in with my sword drawn.
Vanir seemed to have completely taken over Darkness’s body.
“Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! All right… Prepare yourself, moi rival! To think I can destroy thou in such a place, even I couldn’t have foreseen that! Oh, the weakest man among the adventurers present here… Thou true nature has been seen through by moi, allow this devil of foresight to give you my prophecy.”
Vanir spoke to me, who was standing before Darkness.
“Thou who seeks peace and stability, listen well. Don’t waste your efforts; just pretend you didn’t see anything. Thou have good luck, but it’s canceled out by the bad luck of your companions. For your own safety, thou should find other party mates, that way…”
Before Vanir could finish, I already slashed at his mask in silence!
But as I expected, that was easily dodged by him.
“The boy who values his safety before all else, what caused you to have a change of heart? No matter what thou do, it won’t help the current situation. Aside from the Vanir doll, I can also throw in a mask that looks just like moi. Just take these and be gone.”
“I-I don’t want such things… Anyway, what’s up with you Darkness, why did you let your body get taken over so easily? You got tamed by that devil who suddenly showed up in no time? Are you really a gullible and easy woman?”
I said my taunting words.
“Fuhahaha! It’s useless, now… (Jerk, who are you calling gullible and easy? He didn’t tame me! It’s just that the way this devil’s manipulating and hurting my heart is too skilled…!) As thou can see, this girl can’t hear you any… Hmm… What an iron-like will, moi didn’t expect this. I’ve lived in this world for such a long time, but I’ve never met someone I couldn’t dominate.”
Should I say this was as I expected? The crusader whose interest were in endurance still had control over herself.
“Darkness, listen carefully. I’ll break the seal on the mask in a moment. It’s fine even if it’s just for an instant, but you must wrest back control of your body from Vanir. Then rip off that mask and throw it away. After that…”
Once the mask was removed from Darkness, it would be Aqua’s turn to shine.
… It was as though he saw through what I was thinking…
“Hmm, that isn’t a bad plan, but there’s a problem. How will thou who is weak break the seal of moi who has fully unleashed the powers of this girl? It would be so much easier to defeat my hated enemy by maintaining the current status quo. If you want to break the seal, wait until I’ve finished off that woman. (Yeah, don’t look down on the current me. I don’t think I’ll lose to anybody right now!)
That’s what Vanir said and…
“You… You moron… Are you on his side too?!”
– The adventurers, who lost consciousness after getting hit by the blunt side of Vanir’s sword, collapsed around the area.
And Aqua, who was casting healing spells on the adventurers who were down, stood behind me when she saw that I was opposing Vanir.
“Kazuma, I’ll support you from behind! Use my buffing spells and destroy that devil like a hero!”
After Aqua said her irresponsible lines to fan the flames…
“Fufufu, I’ll help you from behind too. All right Kazuma, it’s time for you to awaken the power sleeping inside you. Stop playing around and liberate Darkness from that devil!”
Megumin, who was also standing behind me, also taunted irresponsibly.
What do you mean by the power sleeping inside me?
But Aqua and Megumin seemed to think that I would challenge Vanir head on and then break the seal.
Vanir took up a fighting stance when he heard what they said.
“Fuhahaha! You want to defeat moi?! (If) you want to take off this (talisman!), come (at me bro). Shut up! Don’t snatch the cool lines from moi!”
“Didn’t the two of you hate that talisman? And now you don’t want me to take it off, make up your mind.”
As I couldn’t help but retort, I instructed Aqua to prepare her exorcism spell.
“Brat, thou must have a scheme in mind. It’s all because of that woman who’s emitting bright flames, shrouding thou’s mind from me. But thou don’t seem to be planning to fight moi with swords… Hmm, thou must be thinking of using some skills, right? (It’s Steal! Kazuma must be using his best skill, Steal!)”
“You… You idiot! Why did you reveal my trump card?”
I couldn’t help retorting when I heard Darkness gloating. Vanir smiled deviously.
“Kazuma, the spell’s ready!”
“Great, leave the rest to me! Well then, time for me to move. Darkness, just like that time in the dojo, let’s make a bet! If I win, I’ll add in something even more overboard on top of my ‘overboard demand’. You can do as you wish if you win!”
“(Ahhh… To-To use such tricks at a time like this…!) Damn… Damn it… Don’t get taken in by the tempting words of that man! Don’t show your weak side, refresh your soul! Increase your power to resist his Steal…!”
As Darkness was struggling internally, Vanir couldn’t move well and stopped.
At this moment, I heard Megumin start chanting explosion spell behind me.
I was stunned for a moment, and saw that Megumin was staring at the entrance of the dungeon when I turned back.
Adventurers were rushing out of the dungeon, and Vanir’s dolls were chasing them.
When Vanir saw that, the eyes of the mask gleamed eerily, and the dolls flooding out of the dungeon started swarming towards us.
Megumin seemed to be targeting them.
“All right, I’m coming Vanir! Darkness, keep resisting Vanir. Don’t let him move!”
I said as I reached out towards the mask…!
“Just a Steal from a mere adventurer! If thou think it’ll work on moi, thou art going to be disappointed! Just try it, don’t hold back…!”
“Tinder–!”
… After all that build up, what I shouted wasn’t Steal, but the fire magic Tinder.
I didn’t need to tear or steal the talisman.
I just needed to burn it with fire…!
“… Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! (Ahhh… How despicable, Kazuma you scoundrel!) To think thou could trick moi, the devil of foresight, splendid!”
The talisman on the mask caught fire and the thing bounding Vanir and Darkness together was gone.
“Hey Darkness, show me your mental toughness! Take off that mask and throw it away!”
Darkness placed her hand on her mask when she heard me say that and–!
“(…! I can’t take it off…!)”
Under the strong resistance from Vanir, the mask was still sticking tightly to Darkness’s face.
Vanir’s dolls were swarming in.
And the adventurers who escaped the dungeon formed a human wall to block them.
Everyone seemed to sense that we were facing a boss-level enemy, and were planning to hold back the minions for us.
“Kazuma-san–! What should I do? Can I cast my spell?”
“No… Wait, the mask is still on Darkness! Even if you cast your spell like this, it’ll be resisted by her…”
– At this moment.
“(Don’t worry, just do it.)”
With her hands still trying to take off the mask, Darkness muttered.
Even if she said that, it wouldn’t be effective.
“(If Aqua’s spell doesn’t work… Then don’t worry about me and cast Explosion, just blow me away with him.)”
Darkness said…
… Hey, what are you saying?
“You idiot! No matter how tough you are, you can’t survive explosion magic!”
“(How would you know if you don’t try it!) Wait… Don’t be rash, let’s talk this over.”
When Darkness said that, Vanir who was calm all this while started to panic a little.
Darkness then told Aqua and Megumin behind me who had finished preparing their magic:
“(Aqua! Cast the exorcism spell the moment this mask leaves my body!) How about calling it a draw today? (If this mask keeps sticking onto me, then cast your Explosion, Megumin…!) To fight to a draw with moi who is a Demon King’s army general and the duke of hell, it’s something thou could boast to others about!”
“I-I understand Darkness! I’ll do it once that annoying thing’s out of the way!”
Aqua watched that mask closely, ready to cast her spell at any moment.
“Kazuma, Darkness is insane… Even she can’t survive that!”
Megumin cried to me with tears in her eyes.
Suddenly everyone, including the dolls charging us, Sena and the adventurers stopped.
They stood far away from Darkness, not daring to move.
– In this situation.
“(… Hey Vanir. The time was short, but it wasn’t too bad hanging around with you. So, at the very least… I’ll let you choose. Do you want to be purified after getting away from me, or do you want to be blown up by Explosion together with me? Which one do you prefer?)”
Darkness forced Vanir to make such an unreasonable choice.
Both meant his destruction.
“… I’m a devil.”
Vanir answered with a heavy heart…
“As an existence that opposes the gods, I don’t want to be purified. Fuhahaha… My wish for destruction’s coming true in an unexpected manner. Goodbye, it was fun possessing thou’s body.”
He chose Explosion.
Hearing him say that, the masked Darkness went far away from us.
“(Do it, Megumin!)”
Darkness’s cruel request made Megumin shake her head in refusal. I went up to Sena who was watching the events unfold with a blank expression and patted her shoulder.
“If something unfortunate does happen, please be the witness and testify that it was my instruction. It’s the same this time too, I’ll bear the full responsibility.”
When she heard what I said, Sena nodded firmly with a pale face and gulped.
The crusader that was the pride of our party was tough and tenacious.
– The toughest in all of Axel.
“Do it, Megumin!”
Shortly after I gave the word.
A loud explosion took place a short distance before the dungeon–
– It’s been some time since our battle with that strange devil.
Kazuma, the rest of the party and I were summoned to the adventurer’s guild.
Really, Kazuma was so troublesome.
Why did that guy keep getting into trouble?
I don’t want to fight with Demon King’s generals anymore.
Can’t I have a little more peace and quiet?
Of course, I still want to return to heaven. I haven’t encountered anything good since coming to this world.
“Wow, you really have exceptional talent for useless stuff.”
Kazuma mocked me while I was doodling on the table.
“Of course, who do you think I am?”
As the goddess of water, playing with water is but a small matter.
“I don’t think anyone will doubt you if you claimed to be the goddess of parties.”
I really felt like giving that filthy mouth of Kazuma a holy punch.
But the generous me wouldn’t do something like that.
It… It’s not because I’m afraid of Kazuma fighting back.
Yup, that’s right… Not afraid at all… Not even a little.
Megumin who kept stirring trouble and Darkness who kept saying perverted things gave Kazuma plenty of stress after all, so I should treat him better.
The kids in this party were all unreliable. As a goddess, I had to watch over them.
“… Hey, you’re thinking of something weird, right? Why are you looking at me with pitying eyes? It feels so infuriating for you to stare at me like this.”
When I displayed my mature side, Kazuma sprouted his nonsense.
It must be because he was too childish and lacked calcium.
But he would become mature in the future.
After all, it’s the reason the guild was asking for us–
Megumin
– I didn’t do much this time.
I wasn’t as bad as Aqua and Darkness, but I did trouble Kazuma sometimes. So, I was thinking of supporting him well this time…
I’m the only normal person in this party, so if I don’t pull myself together…
My familiar, Chomusuke, was resting on the table. Kazuma probably bribed it with food, that’s why she likes him so much.
“… This fellow gets along well with me, but it hates Aqua. So, it’s true that animals will be close to people with a kind heart.”
“The kind me was thinking about being nicer to Kazuma who had been troubled so much by everyone, but I just heard something incredible. Are you implying that the holy me doesn’t have a kind personality?”
“Yes, and what are you going to do about it?”
Kazuma and Aqua started fighting, making Chomusuke scramble away to its home base–which is my shoulder.
At a corner of the guild, Yunyun, who was planning to work together with me to prove Kazuma’s innocence, was eating a set meal all by herself.
Just stop being stubborn and eat with us. You don’t keep brooding on our ‘rival’ relationship.
Kazuma cleared his suspicion of being a spy of the Demon King’s army, but he would still need to give thanks to Yunyun who worked hard behind the scenes.
“Ugh… No more…”
A low moan came from the seat opposite of Kazuma.
Darkness was lying on the table with her face blushed and was trembling.
Her face turned red every time an adventurer teased her.
The aristocratic lady was too naive. She seemed like a cool beauty but her emotions fluctuated widely, which made others want to bully her.
… Okay.
I stood up and walked to Darkness’s side–
– Why did it turn out like this?
Just why?
“Stop messing around! Like I said, including the havoc during the trial, you caused the most trouble! If I had to rank the three of you by how much trouble you gave, it would be you! Megumin! Darkness! If you get it, then don’t stir any more trouble before my award ceremony! Just go to that wall and count how many lines there are!”
“Wahhh! Kazuma, you’re too mean! I didn’t get into trouble intentionally! The flood with Beldia and the barrier at the cemetery–everything I did was for the people!”
“Wait a minute, I should be the one who caused the least trouble!”
I hugged my head and rest it face down on the table, ignoring the squabbling three.
At this moment, someone spoke to me from behind.
“Hey Lalatina! What a cute name you have.”
This made me tremble.
“Lalatina-chan~ Let’s buy some clothes that suit your cute name! I’ll pick some for you!”
I shook even more.
“By the way, Lalatina… It sounds like some famous lady, so eloquent.”
Please show mercy…!
After solving the matchmaking issue, another problem surfaced–
I lift my head and stared with teary eyes at the man behind all this.
“Oh, what is it Lalatina? Why make such a scary face; it doesn’t suit the cute name you have.”
“Ugh…!”
Even my ears were turning red. I gritted my teeth and endured Kazuma’s mocking.
He did say he would do something that would make me beg for mercy if I lost…!
Ah, that coward!
I was looking forward to it and he backed off in the end…!
In the end, that Alexei didn’t mention anything further.
He had his eyes on me for so long, I didn’t think he would let it go so easily.
“Oh, it’s about to start. I’ll be back in no time, Lalatina.”
Kazuma said as he stood up. I picked up the wooden cup near my hand and threw it at him.
“Adventurer, Satou Kazuma-san!”
I basked in the passionate gaze of the adventurers as I stood before the guild counter.
“In honor of your contributions in ensuring the safety of the city, we offer you our thanks. Further to this, we would like to apologize for the false accusation–”
Sena bowed deeply as she said. I received the letter of thanks from her hand.
– This happened a week after the battle with Vanir.
If I really was a spy of the Demon King’s army, I wouldn’t have sacrificed so much in order to destroy a general of the Demon King’s army. And thus, my suspicion was cleared.
Sena, who witnessed my entire fight with Vanir, absolved me from the crime of treason. And I finally received my bounty for taking down the Mobile Fortress Destroyer.
Thanks to that, I could compensate the landlord for his mansion.
Darkness had made a full recovery, and the four of us were summoned to the guild–
“Next, Dustiness ford Lalatina! Your selfless spirit is admirable. To honor your stellar performance which lived up to the name of House Dustiness and to compensate you for your losses, the royal family has sent you a letter of gratitude and a full plate of armor made by a highly skilled smith.”
After Sena finished, the knight next to her presented a new set of armor to the blushing and trembling Darkness.
– Megumin’s explosion took out the masked devil, Vanir.
Darkness suffered life threatening injuries from the explosion and lay unconscious in the crater. Of course, her armor was ruined. Still, thanks to Aqua, she is almost as good as new shortly afterwards.
“Congratulations, Lalatina!”
Someone shouted. Darkness shivered suddenly.
“Great job, Lalatina!”
“That’s our Lalatina!”
The cheers of ‘Lalatina’ made Darkness cover her face from embarrassment, and laid her face down onto the table again.
“This…! This feeling of humiliation is not the ‘overboard demand’ I wanted…!”
Darkness moaned weakly as she laid on the table.
Something that’ll make Darkness beg for mercy in tears…
I only made good on my promise.
“Hey Darkness, I think Lalatina is a cute name! I’ll punish Kazuma who spread this name out as a joke–have more confidence in your name, Lalatina!”
Aqua meant no harm, but her words stabbed Darkness like a knife.
Megumin, who intentionally sat beside her, was trying to hold back her laughter as she gently shook Darkness’s trembling shoulders.
– The ‘overboard demand’ was to spread the name Lalatina.
And so, Darkness was teased by adventurers every day. But that wouldn’t last long.
“– We’ll now present the prize money to Satou-san!”
Sena continued. The rowdy guild became silent.
“Adventurer Satou Kazuma and party! Not only did you defeat the Mobile Fortress Destroyer, you even took down the Demon King’s army boss, Vanir. In merit of your accomplishments–!”
Sena had a gentle expression; her stern and cold face during the trial was nowhere to be found.
“After deducting your debts and compensation for the landlord’s mansion…”
Sena gave me a piece of paper.
“I present to you 40 million Eris as reward!”
She then passed a heavy bag to me.
The moment I took the bag, loud cheers erupted inside the guild.
The adventurers showered me with well wishes and asked me to treat them.
Before we knew it, the entire guild was in a festive mood.
Leaving that place to the goddess of parties Aqua and Megumin, and left the guild together with Darkness.
– The debts had been cleared.
That might be so, but Darkness and I weren’t that happy.
… We had somewhere we had to go.
We had to inform someone of the news that Vanir had been defeated.
Vanir said before that he was visiting a friend in this city.
This friend had the special skill of becoming more impoverished the harder she worked…
This impoverished shop owner must’ve been Wiz who was a Demon King’s General just like him.
Which meant we killed Wiz’s friend.
He was targeting Aqua, and, being adventurers,it was only natural for us to defeat him. That said, it still didn’t sit well with us.
We came to a corner of a deserted alley.
The sign of ‘Wiz’s Magic Item Shop’ was displayed right before us.
“Kazuma, let me tell Wiz about this. It wasn’t for long, but we shared a body and wrecked havoc together. I can’t accept the way he liked to toy with humans, but I don’t think he had a bad nature… I don’t know why he hated Aqua that much… Anyway, it might not be appropriate for a Crusader who serves the Goddess Eris to say this but–I didn’t really hate him.”
Darkness said as she looked into the distance.
She said, ‘wreaked havoc together’.
So, she did have fun that time.
But now that it has come to this–
We opened the door and entered the shop.
“Welcome!”
After hearing Wiz’s calm greeting, I painfully imagined what kind of expression she would make after this.
– I discovered a new employee wearing an apron in the shop.
He was tall.
His mouth was opened wide and he looked kind–!
“Hehehe… Welcome! The girl who gave an embarrassing monologue while looking into the distance in front of the door, I want to tell you something too. I don’t hate you, but devils like moi have no gender, so I can’t accept your embarrassing confession… Oh, my, that’s an intense swell of dark emotion! It’s delicious indeed. Hmm, why are you curled up in a ball? Did you really think you defeated moi? Hahaha!”
The masked shop employee stood confidently before us.
I patted the shoulder of Darkness who was hugging her legs and burying her face in her knees.
Wiz then came out from behind the counter.
“Oh, welcome, Kazuma-san! I heard your false accusation was cleared after you defeated Vanir-san! Congratulations! All that’s left are your debts, right? But no problem, Vanir-san is very proficient in making money…!”
I raised a hand to cut off Wiz who was chattering happily.
“I did clear my name–but what’s with this guy? How can he be doing so well after taking a blast of explosion magic? Isn’t his existence itself a cheat? He’s not hurt at all!”
Vanir looked surprised.
“What are you saying? Even moi didn’t make it out unscathed after taking such a grand attack. Look closely at this mask.”
He pointed to the forehead of his mask.
Looking at it carefully, a ‘II’ was written on it.
“Because of the explosion spell, I lost a life. I’m Vanir MK II now.”
“Are you picking a fight?”
I was enraged. Wiz rushed over to stop us.
“Vanir-san was already planning on resigning from the post of Demon King’s General. Coincidentally, he was ‘defeated’, giving him a new lease of life. Vanir-san is no longer maintaining the Demon King’s castle barrier; he’s a harmless existence now.”
Wiz smiled happily, she was very pleased to see her old friend.
Is… Is he truly harmless now…?
Would it be safer to summon Aqua over and destroy it once more?
As I thought about that-
“Boy who came from a faraway place, the one who’s weak and yet wants to defeat the Demon King. This devil that can see through all things prophesize that soon, you and this whimpering girl will face your greatest crisis ever. The crisis will be so grave that you will regret your own helplessness. You will prosper in the field of business… Art you interested in listening to moi proposal?”
Vanir declared dramatically as the corner of his lips opened in a smile–
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil
It warmed my heart to look at the gentle flames in the fireplace.
Wearing a comfy cotton robe, I sunk into the couch and gazed on the fire.
Someone gracefully offered a teacup to me.
“The red tea of the highest grade is ready, Kazuma-san.”
Aqua who passed the red tea to me said as she sat beside me.
I took a sip…
“… This is plain water.”
“Ara, ara, look how clumsy I am. My apologies, Kazuma-san.”
“Don’t worry, you can just make another pot of tea. Thank you, Aqua-san. I’ll drink this anyway.”
Now that I think of it, Aqua could purify any liquid she touched.
She must’ve accidentally turned it into plain water while brewing the tea.
With my current stable state of mind, I won’t get angry over such a trivial matter.
Sipping the water, a warmth spread through my body.
Harmony.
So, people can be so harmonious if they become rich.
I smiled as I looked at Aqua who was reading a book titled ‘High class society language even a goblin can learn’.
I brought the tea Aqua brewed again to my lips.
– It’s still plain water, but my current self won’t feel angry over such trivial things.
Spring.
It was the season where snow melts and the time for adventurers who shut themselves indoors to venture out once again.
The monsters became active in their breeding season; that’s how spring was.
Also–
“Don’t wanna–! No! It’s cold outside! Hey, what’s wrong with you? Are you two idiots? There’s still snow everywhere, so why are you rushing to go out? Are you still kids? Are you on the same level of children who want to play outside? If you really want to, then go by yourselves!”
Spring was also known as the time when people turned hotheaded.
It might be spring now, but there was still snow outside the town.
Aqua clung to the couch in front of the fireplace as Darkness and Megumin tried with all their might to pull her away.
In reponse to the two who wanted to do quests because of the surge in the number of monsters, Aqua was throwing a tantrum, saying, “It’s still cold” and “Don’t wanna”.
“Who’s the kid again? Aqua, you’re acting just like one! Hurry, we’re going! You’ve lazed around enough in the winter, it’s about time to start working! Or else…!”
“Frogs and other monsters are turning active outside the town; I heard the farmers are facing losses. Adventurers are obligated to protect the residents! Hey, hey, Aqua! Release your hand now! If not…!”
Megumin and Darkness glanced in my direction as they said that.
“You’ll become like that!”
Their voices synchronized.
Aqua timidly followed their gaze and looked at me.
“Even I don’t want to be like that… But you should take care of that bum before talking about me!”
Aqua said something rude with a complicated expression.
“Hey, you girls, even the gentle me will lash out if you do that. What are you all talking about? Calling me a bum is rude, okay?”
“If you have something to say, then come out of there first.”
Aqua, still grabbing the couch, replied to my protest.
The weather was bone chilling today. I wasn’t in the mood to answer such foolish opinions and pulled my head in.
I pulled back into the ultimate weapon of Japan, the kotatsu.
– After defeating the Demon King’s General, Vanir, we returned to town.
And found that devil still very much alive and working in Wiz’s shop.
He then made an ominous prophecy regarding Darkness and proposed a business opportunity.
The business proposition entailed the merchandising of goods from my original world.
I just needed to develop the merchandise and manufacture them, and Vanir would be responsible for the sales.
I intended to do this, anyway, thus, I carried out Vanir’s request and developed merchandize in my spare time during winter–
“… Kazuma. It’s about time to come out of there, all right? Or else it’ll be a bad influence on Aqua. I understand that Kazuma’s very capable and the warming items in your country are outstanding, but the snow’s already melting outside. It’s time to get active again, okay?”
Megumin bent her back and said with a gentle smile to me, who had morphed into a kotatsu snail, as if she was soothing a stubborn child.
“That’s right, Kazuma. That kotatsu thing was great during the winter. However, it is time to let it go. Come, help me like you did in the dungeon back then. Hurry, together…”
Darkness, smiling, bent forth and stretched out a hand to remove the blanket…
I cast a spell at Darkness’s defenseless neck.
“Freeze!”
“Ahhh–!”
Darkness whose neck and back was suddenly frozen, screamed.
Freeze was probably doubly effective in this season; it made Darkness cup her neck and shiver as she squatted down on the carpet.
“This… This man retaliated! Don’t push your luck, Kazuma! You’re lazing around too much even if the debts have been cleared! Get up now! Ah, what do you want to do with that hand, don’t resist and obediently, ahhh–!”
I grabbed the hand of Megumin as she tried to pull me out and activated Drain Touch.
Megumin whose mana and vitality were drained shook off my hand with a yelp.
She jumped back in a panic to get away and fell onto the carpet.
Megumin knocked into Darkness, who was still grabbing her neck, and held the back of her head, moaning as she kicked her legs in the air.
“Don’t look down on me. After all, I’m the Kazuma-san who crossed swords with Demon King’s Generals and high bounty targets. You think a clumsy Crusader and a silly Archwizard can defeat me? Come back after raising a few levels.”
I stuck my head out from the kotatsu and lectured them.
“… Kazuma-san’s getting good at using tricks; how troubling. But I’m fine with that. No one will fight for my special seat if Kazuma stays in his kotatsu.”
Aqua, glued to the couch before the fireplace, said as she watched the other two girls.
The two of them finally stood up with tears in their eyes and glared at me.
Even though they were looking at me like this, I didn’t feel that the current me would lose to anyone.
Going out in this cold, ridiculous…
– Oh no.
“Hey, this is bad. I have an emergency; I need to go to the toilet. It’s a bit willful, but can we have a short truce? Sorry, but can you carry the mat to the bathroom door, please?”
I asked the two of them as I sent mana to the kotatsu’s heater.
This kotatsu uses ores that’ll heat up if you inject it with mana.
So, the moment I got out of the kotatsu, the mana supply would stop and the kotatsu would cool down.
Fortunately, I robbed some mana from Megumin, so it’ll be warm for quite some time.
I thought the two of them would be mad, but they exchanged glances and followed my instruction obediently.
Megumin got in front of me, grabbed the edge of the mat under the kotatsu and said.
“You take the other side. Let’s throw this man outside.”
“On it. Aqua, I know you don’t want to leave the fireplace, but lend us a hand. You just need to help us open the door.”
“Stop, stahp! That’s inhumane! Hey, stop…! If you don’t stop, I’ll use Steal! I’ll use Steal!!”
Steal was very effective against the ladies.
But Megumin merely sneered.
“We already took a bath together, so there’s nothing to be shy about. If you intentionally steal my panties, you’ll be branded a lolicon forever!”
She… She doesn’t mind at all!
Why is she so unhesitant? Why is she so unladylike?
“I… I’ve been seen naked and washed Kazuma’s back too; something like Steal… Steal is… Ughh…”
Darkness wanted to compete with Megumin, but she was hesitant and became embarrassed.
“Let’s go, throw this hikikomori turned bum out the window!”
“Don’t do that! Let’s, let’s talk! Right! When it gets warmer I’ll let you cast two explosions in one day! I’ll use Drain Touch to take mana from Aqua and let you use explosion twice, instead of once a day!”
Megumin reacted strongly to these words, but was refuted by Aqua.
“Don’t wanna! Why must my valuable holy mana be used to do such silly things? My mana stems from the deep faith of the Axis cultists. This is the important mana given to me by my precious devotees! I won’t let you!”
“She might say that, but I’ll take responsibility in getting the mana!”
“Ughh… One day… Two explosions…”
“Ughh… Steal… Steal… No, but it might not be the panties in one shot…”
Aqua was wailing, while Megumin and Darkness were troubled over their thoughts. At this moment…
“Satou-san! Are you here, Satou-san?”
Someone was knocking loudly on the door.
The sudden visitor was prosecutor Sena, who had charged me in court some time earlier.
“Satou-san, it’s terrible! The lizard runners outside… The town…”
Sena came rushing in with a pale face, saw me with my head sticking out from the kotatsu, and turned silent.
“… Can I ask what you’re doing?”
“As you can see, I’m keeping warm, as it’s cold today. Ah, please close the door. You’re letting the cold in.”
After Sena heard what I said, she sighed deeply and closed the door.
“… Satou-san. You defeated two Demon King’s army generals and even took out the Mobile Fortress Destroyer. I have the highest praise and respect for you, but…”
What was with this demeaning attitude. Just because I was keeping warm inside a kotatsu?
“Ignore that bum. What brings you here in such a hurry?”
“Ah, right! Many monsters called lizard runners showed up and the adventurers in town are fighting them. The lizard runners aren’t that dangerous… But it’s their breeding season and the princess of the lizard runners was born…!”
According to Sena…
It was now the breeding season of this monster known as the lizard runner.
This monster was an herbivorous, bipedal lizard, and was normally not dangerous. But once a large-sized female known as the princess runner is born, the lizard runners would cause all sorts of trouble.
The lizard runners would congregate under the rule of the princess runner, and the group would compete to be the mate of the princess lizard.
And their way of competing was unique…
– Running.
Standing straight up using their two legs, they would run at an incredible speed.
Just like frilled-neck lizards that were all the rage a while back.
And they didn’t compete against each other, but instead sought out other fast species, racing them and leaving them in the dust.
And the one that could win the most would become the princess runner’s mate and become the king runner.
Why princess? Shouldn’t the spouse of a king be the queen? And if you’re calling them lizard runners, why is it ‘king runner’, and not ‘lizard king’? Trying to pick apart all this would drive you insane.
I hated this world even more after listening to this nonsensical way the lizard runner lived, but this was no small matter for people traveling by horse, dragon, or bird.
To race, the usually docile lizard runner will kick their opponent, no matter what it was.
And then, it would run away.
The kick of a lizard runner was powerful enough to break bones if it hit the wrong place.
With reports of the princess runner surfacing, the guild handed out quests to take down lizard runners…
“And so, I’m here at Satou-san’s place!”
Sena looked straight at me with eyes full of anticipation.
… Absurd.
“What do you mean? Didn’t the guild issue out extermination quests? Why are you here then? Someone will do something about it anyway.”
“What are you saying? Was it not Satou-san that said, when the Demon King’s General occupied the dungeon– ‘The obligation of the adventurer is to protect the citizens who live in fear of monsters’.”
Did… Did I say such a cool line before…? I think I did.
“Hey, it’s useless to say that to the kotatsu bum over there, all right? I don’t think Kazuma, who cleared his debts and made a tidy profit, would work before the money runs dry.”
Aqua, who was staring at the fireplace, said without even looking this way.
“Yeah, Kazuma has the lowest level among us after all. It’s natural for him to be scared.”
And now they were saying such nonsense…
“… Hey, you, when did my level become the lowest here? Aqua, you… I remember your level being rather high after defeating all those undead. Megumin…”
“Level 26.”
Megumin showed her adventurer’s card proudly.
“… Why is it so high?”
“I defeated the Mobile Fortress Destroyer and Demon King’s General, Vanir. Most of the minions were done in by me too. Of course, my level is high.”
Are you kidding me?
And with such a high level, she should have plenty of skill points. But she used all of it to raise the power of her explosion spell.
However, there was one person who had a lower level than me.
“Darkness should be lower-leveled than me, right? You can’t hit the enemy, so you should have the most problem leveling up. I don’t know what lizard runners are, but it’s not time for me to take the field yet. Darkness, go grind some levels…”
“Fufufu–.”
Darkness smirked.
She then shoved her adventurer’s card in my face arrogantly.
“During the fight with Demon King’s General Vanir, the masked dolls he created were basically defeated by me. They were difficult for normal people to handle, so their experience yield was high…!”
She said victoriously.
The card displayed her level to be 20.
I was annoyed by Darkness, who was shoving the card into my face.
“Pui.”
“Ahhh?”
I spat on the card on reflex due to my annoyance and Darkness screamed.
While stealing a glance at Darkness, who was wiping her card in tears, I got out of the kotatsu, took out my card and looked.
The displayed level was 13.
… Oh no, my level had become the lowest before I knew it.
I heard Aqua and the others saying that the weak Adventurer job could raise levels much easier than high-tier jobs…
Sena tilted her head as she looked at me studying my card. She looked me straight in the eye and said without any doubt:
“What’s Satou-san’s level? Satou-san crossed swords with a Demon King’s General before, so it must be really high…”
“Hey, you guys, ready your gear. We’re going to do some quests!”
I interrupted Sena with my hasty announcement.
“I think Kazuma can’t handle that woman. Did you suffer a lot during your stay in prison?”
Megumin asked the me who was physically and mentally tired as we made our way to the blacksmith in town.
“They didn’t do anything overboard, but they didn’t treat me really well either… She seemed to be thinking of me as an ally of justice or something. I’m the type who would prefer not to work and live a stable life, so I wish she won’t look at me with those expectant eyes”
After I defeated the Demon King’s army general Vanir, Sena came to me whenever there was trouble.
I wasn’t someone with special powers like Mitsurugi.
My stats were lower than normal adventurers, except for my luck.
To be honest, defeating the Demon King’s Generals and getting bounties were just luck.
But to come to me whenever there was trouble…
“I feel the same way as that prosecutor and hold Kazuma in high regards. Even with someone stronger as an opponent, you’ll unscrupulously grab their weak point and run if things turn bad.”
“Are you praising or mocking me?”
We reached the blacksmith as we spoke.
I wasn’t simply lazing around during winter.
I accepted Vanir’s proposal and started developing merchandize that was easy to manufacture. To do so, I learned a new skill.
I asked the owner of the blacksmith to teach me the skill Smithing.
With this skill, I could work with metals and even create all sorts of items.
By the way, I stopped all my work the moment I created the kotatsu.
As payment for teaching me the skill, I taught the owner of the blacksmith shop the technique of making katanas from my vague memories watching documentaries on TV.
My cheap short sword was breaking, and with the influx of cash I asked the owner to create new equipment for me.
He promised to sell the first blade he crafted using this technique to me.
I was worried that the chest plate, gauntlet and shin guards wouldn’t be enough, so I requested for a full set of armor.
I shut myself at home for long, so it should be done by now–
“Yo~! Old man, is it done? Is my sword done?”
“Welco… Oh, it’s just you. That katana you taught me to make is done. The shape looks just as you described…”
The owner took out a sheathed sword and handed it to me.
The sword was curved just like a katana.
I picked it up and drew it…
“Oh… It looks great…! It’s not as pretty or sharp as the real thing, but it’ll do.”
“Sorry about it being imperfect! I researched that ‘quenching’ technique of yours but didn’t get it at all. Nonetheless, this is interesting work. You just need to write the name of the sword on this magic talisman and paste it on the hilt to complete it. This will be your precious sword from now on, so pick a nice name.”
The owner said with a crude smile as he took out the armor I ordered.
Naming the sword…
I observed the body of the sword and thought of sword names that came up in games.
“Kazuma, Kazuma, hurry up with the name. I’ve been staying home all winter and my urges have been piling up!”
“… But you cast your Explosion every day. Be patient, naming a weapon is important. I need to think about it carefully…”
I replied to Megumin, who was excitedly rushing me, and fell into deep thought.
Muramasa… Masamune… Kotetsu…
“Here, the full plate armor for men you ordered. I just put lots of adamantite in it, a high-quality equipment for the adventurers of this town. Use it with care.”
As I was thinking about which weapon to use, the owner brought the armor over.
The bright green full plate of armor was quite intimidating. It made me feel that I would get injured if I were to wear this.
I put on the armor gleefully…!
“How is it? It fits just fine, right?”
The owner said confidently.
The size fit just right. Although it fits…
“… It’s too heavy, I can’t move.”
“… Is, is that so…”
The owner looked at me as if I was a pitiful child.
It seemed that with my weak stats, I couldn’t equip such high class equipment.
Fortunately, my size was rather standard, so the owner accepted my request to return the goods.
I was planning to raise my attack and defense drastically, but this couldn’t be helped.
I guess getting a new weapon would do for now.
“All that’s left is the naming of the sword. I have to do it seriously… Kiku-Ichimonj… Kogarasumaru…”
As I was pondering with my arms crossed, Megumin suddenly came to my side and said:
“Chunchunmaru.”
“… What did you just say?”
“I said Chunchunmaru. Its name is now Chunchunmaru.”
Before I realized it, Megumin was already hugging my sword tightly.
… No, no, no.
“How can you call it such a strange name? This is an expensive custom-made item, okay? As my precious sword, I have to give it a cool name…”
“Ah!”
The owner yelled when he saw Megumin hugging the sword.
I looked at the sword and saw the talisman on the hilt of the sword.
On the talisman was…
“… Miss, you already wrote the name down…?”
“I did. From today onwards, this sword shall be known as Chunchunmaru. It’s settled, Kazuma! Let’s do a quest!”
“You, you, what have you done? Ahhh…! My sword…!”
Megumin pulled me with her as I held my sword that was bestowed with a weird name.
“– Hey you… That sword cost a lot of money, and you just… If I use this sword to defeat the Demon King, it’ll be displayed in a museum and be labeled ‘The weapon of the legendary hero, holy sword Chunchunmaru’–how are you going to fix that?”
“I already picked a cool name in the place of the indecisive Kazuma. What are you unhappy about? Putting that aside, can Darkness convince Aqua to come out?”
Megumin said a bit uneasily.
We asked Darkness to persuade Aqua while we went to collect my weapon, but…
“Don’t wanna–! I don’t wanna go today! Tomorrow! I’ll go if it’s warm tomorrow! I have a bad feeling about today! My instincts as a goddess are telling me so!”
“Stop spilling nonsense about goddesses! Hurry up, stop grabbing the couch… Ah! Don’t… Don’t pull my hair!”
– In the mansion, we found Aqua and Darkness wrestling on the ground.
The persuasion was a failure… There was no other option.
“Darkness, let Aqua watch the house since she’s so unwilling. The three of us will be fine.”
“As expected of Kazuma! It doesn’t happen often, but you can say good things sometimes! Look Darkness, Kazuma-sama already said it, so unhand me!”
Now with me as an ally, Aqua started slapping Darkness, who was grabbing her hand.
“Never mind that–the two of you, this is our first quest in a long time. After getting the reward, let’s eat a good one outside. A hot-pot party!”
The goddess of parties reacted strongly when I said that.
The other two realized my intentions and looked at each other–
“That’s right, we’re beginning our adventure anew after the end of winter. For the long road ahead, let’s eat lavishly tonight.”
“Great, let’s have fun outside. I know a good shop that caters to nobles. I’ll make a reservation there tonight.”
They said something like that immediately.
Darkness released Aqua’s collar, and Aqua started talking uneasily.
“… Hey everyone, how about bringing the ingredients back and having a hot-pot party at home? Right, I’ll prepare the ingredients for everyone who’ll be tired after adventuring. So, I think it would be better to have a party here.”
We replied to Aqua together.
“Please watch the house.”
“Wahhh, I was wrong, don’t leave me behind–!”
The open plain outside of town was still covered in remnants of snow.
“All right, this is a good spot. Let’s begin!”
On top of one of the few trees, I assumed a sniping position and gave the signal to start the operation.
“I’m ready, no problem! I’ll let the weak Kazuma level up fast and take out the Demon King for me soon.”
Aqua crossed her arms under the tree I was at, watching my target like a Niou.
Now that she mentioned it, we do have the goal of defeating the Demon King…
“Yeah, Aqua’s support spells are taking effect. With this, I can take on any number of them!”
With her sword sticking into the ground, Darkness stood coolly with both hands on the hilt and looked very dependable.
“Leave any stragglers to me. I’ll blow them all away if they get too close.”
Megumin took a stance with her staff, a fearless smile on her face.
– Fully equipped, and with levels over twenty (except for me), we could be considered mid-tier leveled adventurers.
“Then let’s get it on! Proceed as planned! I’ll Snipe the king and the princess runner! Without those two, the lizard runners should disperse, so we can ignore the small fries. If the Snipe fails and they charge at us, I’ll snipe again while Darkness holds them off them. If it still fails, Megumin will blow them all away with Explosion before they surround us. I’ll take out any stragglers from up high, and Aqua will support everyone with magic… All right, begin!”
We had always acted impulsively. But this time, we adopted a plan that considered the possibility of failure.
I won’t be a rookie forever.
Using Farsight while on top of a tree, I could see the group of lizard runners from far away.
The lizard runners looked just as Sena described.
Like if a frilled-necked lizard turned green, grew larger, and walked upright on two legs.
In that group of lizard runners, there was one that was twice as big as the others.
It had a crest-like horn on its head and the other lizard runners followed it like servants.
“Hey Aqua, there’s a lizard runner with a crest-like horn on its head. I know that’s the princess, but which one’s the king?”
“How would I know which one’s the king? The king runner… Should be the one that looks like it’s full of itself, right?”
I wanted to shoot back with how one could tell if a lizard was full of itself, but gave up. I was the stupid one for asking her.
I could identify the princess runner by its features, but to find the lizard that won the race…
I found a lizard which the princess runner was hanging all over.
Right, the winner should be the mate of the princess.
The one who was closest to the princess should be the king runner.
I aimed for that lizard and pulled my bow tight…!
“Oh, leave it to me, Kazuma! I have an idea! If the winner of the race is the king runner, then it must be the fastest! Amongst my holy spells, there’s one that does the opposite of repelling enemies and attracts monsters! If we call the lizards over, the first one to get here must be the king!”
Our plan was to Snipe the king from afar, but knowing which is the target was important.
But Aqua’s method of drawing the enemy over to identify the king was putting the cart before the horse.
“Hey, what are you saying? Do creatures like goddesses have the habit of pouring oil onto fire? I already found the king, so don’t…”
“False Fire!”
Before I finished, Aqua chanted her spell.
A bluish white flame ignited in Aqua’s hand. After seeing that flame, I wanted to beat her up even though I wasn’t a monster.
The emotion of me wanting to scold her for doing unnecessary things must be the effect of that spell, right?
The lizard runners, while far away, also saw the flames. They cried agitatedly and charged at Aqua.
“They are fast!”
Darkness, Megumin, and I were amazed by the lizards’ speed.
Megumin started chanting explosion magic in a hurry, but at that pace they would be here before she finished.
Darkness stood before Megumin while I set my bow and yelled angrily at Aqua.
“You moron, do you feel unhappy unless you mess something up? No one asked you to pretend to be a retard, so clean up your act! It would be over if I took out the king and princess, so why the hell are you drawing them here?!”
“Why, why are you saying all this suddenly?! I only wanted to help, why are you so angry? Ahhh, I knew it! The development will be the same as usual, right?! The lizards will mess me up bad! I already knew this was coming, so get it over with!”
After I lectured Aqua, she shouted exasperatedly and laid on the ground in a tantrum with her limbs spread out wide.
“Cast support spells and healing you fool! Don’t lie there, you’ll get trampled!”
As I shouted, I aimed for the king runner closing in at an amazing speed and shot at him with the Snipe skill.
My aim was true and the arrow hit the suspected king lizard, who was at the head of the pack, right between the eyes.
The accuracy of Snipe was dependent on luck.
Even though I had scant experience with a bow, my accuracy was high because of my strong innate luck.
I thought the other lizards would falter after taking out the king, but somehow the other lizards became fiercer.
“Hey Aqua, don’t just lie there! I took out the one that looked like the king, but they became even more aggressive!”
Aqua was still lying on the ground with her limbs spread out wide.
“If you take out the king first, the other lizards will be fired up since they have the chance to be the new king. You should’ve taken out the lizard princess first.”
“Tell me something that important earlier… Ahhh! Me-Megumin! Megumin! Is your spell ready? I permit the use of Explosion! The distance is enough, so blow them all away!”
“Leave it to me, wahahaha! Taste my explosive magic! Explosion–!”
But nothing happened.
“? Ahhh! Mana! Kazuma, I don’t have enough mana to cast Explosion!”
“Ah? Why at a time like this…? Oh crap!”
It was because I drained Megumin’s mana this morning!
“What… What… What do we do, Kazuma! The princess runner! The princess runner is really…!”
I looked, and the large lizard with a crest–the princess lizard– and its servants were charging us furiously, angered by the death of its mate, the king runner.
Aqua laid below the tree I was on while Megumin was besides her.
Darkness stood before the two of them to guard them…!
“Hahaha! Bring it on–!”
She shouted in high spirit.
The lizard runner mob crashed into Darkness, who was standing before Megumin!
“Wahahaha! Ka, Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!!”
Aqua finally screamed as the lizard runners rammed her, but I didn’t have time for her.
The princess runner determined that I was the enemy and glared at me alone.
From the speed she was running, she must’ve been planning to jump right up and kick me down the tree! How scary!
“Hold them off a little while longer Darkness! I’ll take care of them now!”
“Don’t mind me! Ahhh! You… You can take your time, ugh–!”
As I listened to Darkness being kicked repeatedly by the lizard runners, I drew my bow and aimed right between the eyes of the princess…!
“Kukyeee–!!”
“Snipe!”
I shot an arrow at the princess runner, who was kicking right at me!
At this distance, I won’t miss even without Snipe.
The arrow was right on target, and the leg of the princess runner lost its strength and missed me.
“In the nick of time…!”
I muttered softly to myself as, in the face of a powerful foe, adrenaline rushed through me.
The body of the princess runner hit the tree with its inertia.
Taking a defenseless cool pose after shooting the arrow, I lost my balance and fell down the tree.
The lizard runners saw me falling…!
– And got out of the way agilely.
And I fell head first to the ground and heard a dull thud.
“Ka- Kazuma? Are you okay? Aqua! Kazuma fell in a weird position! Use healing magic…”
As I listened to Megumin’s frantic voice, my consciousness slowly–
“……”
“……”
I stood there blankly, face to face with the goddess Eris.
It was a holy shrine-like room I visited when the Winter Shogun killed me.
Just like then, I was standing right here.
Before me, with long, silvery white hair and blue eyes–
Was the extraordinarily beautiful Eris.
This real goddess scratched her cheeks with her finger and said with a troubled expression:
“… Um, please live carefully, all right? It took a lot of effort to break the rules and revive you… Senpai will forcefully resurrect you anyway, but I’m always the one who suffers…”
“Sorry, I have nothing to say for myself this time, my apologies!”
After killing the princess runner, I fell from the tree and died while boasting about my victory.
Even I thought this was a lousy way to die.
Eris sighed deeply.
“You are an adventurer, so it’s understandable for you to encounter dangerous situations. I know that, but… You were too careless this time…”
I kept lowering my head and apologizing to Eris.
Eris’s suspicion was probably true, and Aqua would revive me shortly.
I troubled her again.
“Um… What happened to the others after I died? Are they okay?”
“Yes, there’s no problem. Senpai was trampled on since she laid down and pleaded for help mid-way… But while Darkness was holding them off, the lizard runners dispersed after the princess was killed. Megumin-san wasn’t hurt thanks to Darkness protecting her. Senpai is fixing your body right now.”
Great, so the quest was sort of a success.
It’s fine to let them wait for a while.
Although I died, I was unexpectedly calm.
Maybe I hit my head when I died so there wasn’t any pain, or perhaps I had gotten used to it.
I looked around me as if I was sightseeing.
“… You’re really calm despite dying. The people who come here are usually more confused…”
“I’m used to it. Once in Japan, twice in this world. I’ve visited a total of three times now.”
I answered Eris as I looked around the room.
… There was nothing here.
Eris looked quietly at me as I checked out the surrounding.
I had nothing to do, so the two of us looked at each other.
… Oh no, this is awkward.
What was taking Aqua so long?
But…
“Won’t you feel bored staying in this room without anything to do? I don’t know how many people are in this world, but do people visit often?”
Eris answered me with a smile.
“That’s true. My job is to guide the people who died because of monsters… I’m usually busy, but the adventurers stay indoors in the winter and I’m thankfully freer. If I’m bored, that means everyone’s safe, so having nothing to do is great.”
Eris said with a brilliant smile.
I couldn’t take it anymore. What was happening? My chest was stuffy and my face was burning up.
… I always thought there was something missing in my life in this world.
Although we lived under the same roof, there were no romantic developments between my comrades and me at all.
All of them looked pleasant and nice, but…
The self-proclaimed goddess who daydreams before the fireplace and only eats and sleeps.
She welcomed her 14th birthday recently, but there were still probably legal restrictions; competitive and troublesome explosion maniac loli.
Her figure looked great at first sight, but she had a strange fetish; a crazy noble lady.
What I wanted wasn’t so extreme.
I just want a gentle girl with common sense.
– That’s right, the main heroine was right here.
As I was feeling awkward, with my face turning red.
“Actually, I don’t stay here all the time. Sometimes, I ask someone to cover my duties so I can play in the mortal world… Keep this a secret, okay?”
Eris-sama winked and gave me a mischievous smile like she did the last time.
Oh, my heart…
I nodded my head repeatedly with my blushing face when–
“Kazuma! Can you hear me, Kazuma? I already used Resurrection, so you can return now. Get Eris to open the door already!”
Every single time, this girl who couldn’t read the mood would barge in like this.
Why couldn’t you just take a little longer…?
I thought about something totally different from my previous thought and almost clicked my tongue.
“Just wait a bit more. I still have many things to say with Eris-sama. Please take care of my body before I go back.”
I answered loudly into the void.
Eris-sama yelped “Huh?” softly, then lowered her head shyly.
I didn’t know if my voice reached her. The surrounding became silent.
“Ah? What are you saying? Don’t spout nonsense and get back here! Raise your level, defeat the Demon King and return me to heaven!”
Aqua’s words reminded me of reality.
– Defeat the Demon King.
That’s right, defeat the Demon King. The low-level and powerless me must challenge the Demon King.
And I had the handicap of being surrounded by problem children.
Even if I’m revived, I’ll just continue to suffer with the three of them and take on the ridiculous task of defeating the Demon King.
I’m aware of the situation.
Work hard, awaken an incredible power and defeat the Demon King with luck–this damn world won’t let something so good happen.
I’ll probably die a few more times in the future.
What do I get for working so hard?
… I didn’t answer Aqua and fell into deep thought.
I pondered about my future life and the hardships I’ll experience going forward–
I choose starting my life over with reincarnation.
“Hey Aqua! I’m tired of life and won’t be going back! I want to reincarnate as a baby and start over! Send my regards to the others!”
“Eh?”
When she heard what I said, Eris yelled.
In the end…
“What nonsense are you saying? Wait!”
As I listened to Aqua’s panicking voice, I turned to Eris.
“In summary, Eris-sama, I have a request. I won’t ask for much–but if possible, I hope to be a boy in my next life. I hope to be born into a family with a beautiful elder step sister and a cute younger sister.”
“Wait, wait a minute! Please, please wait!”
Eris seemed to be panicking when she heard what I said.
Aqua’s voice rung out again.
“Kazuma! Darkness said that if you’re not coming back, she’ll doodle on your face! She’s excitedly holding a marker now!”
… I… I won’t be shaken by something like this!
I’m dead anyway, do what you want with my bod-
“…? What are you doing Megumin? What are you doing to Kazuma’s clothes…? Hmm, Megumin? Wait, wait, Megumin?”
“Hey, hey stop! What are you all doing to my body? Don’t desecrate the dead, you’ll be cursed!!”
How were they abusing my body?
While I was feeling uneasy, Aqua screamed.
“Megumin! Megumin!! Wait, Kazuma-sama! Come back! Hurry!!”
“Hey stop it! Aqua, stop Megumin! Stop…! E, Eris-sama, please! Please open the door! I beg of you!!”
Looking at how frantic I was, Eris chuckled and snapped her fingers.
A door of pure white appeared before us.
I stood before that door in a hurry…
“Well then, Kazuma-san. I’ll pray that you will not come here again. Have a safe trip!”
Listening to Eris bid me farewell, I opened the door…!
Megumin’s face, red from anger, appeared before my eyes.
She was sitting on me, tidying up the clothes on my chest.
“… Hey, what are you doing? I even thought of you as the only one with common sense, except for being an explosion maniac with a strange name; what did you do to me?”
Megumin didn’t answer, stood up and said:
“Hey, if you have any comments about my name then let’s hear them… It’s all your fault for joking about ‘not coming back’. If you throw such a tantrum again, I’ll do something even worse.”
She thought it was a joke, but she would get even more mad if I told her I was half serious.
I checked every part of my body and sat up.
“… Hey, what did you do to me? Depending on what happened, I might be too shy to look Megumin in the face from now on.”
I glanced at Darkness and saw her squatting on the ground with her hand covering her red face.
I threw a suspicious gaze at Aqua, who was squatting at the side, waiting for me to stand up…
“… What are you making a sacred goddess say? Ask her yourself.”
She averted her face.
“Hey, tell me Megumin. If not, I’ll be very conscious of you from tomorrow onward…”
“You’ll know after taking a bath at home… That aside, how’s your head? Anything wrong?”
I touched my head. There weren’t any problems.
Come to think of it, I died falling from a tree.
“Kazuma, your head was bent in an incredible direction. I thought you were acting out a scene from ‘The Exorcist’. Your wounds are serious, so no fighting for the next two weeks.”
I felt a chill after hearing Aqua’s words.
‘The Exorcist’ was that horror movie where the head would turn 180 degrees.
My head ended up like that?
Megumin patted my shoulders as I was shivering while holding my head.
“Let’s retire early for the day. Look, thanks to Kazuma the lizard runners have dispersed. Thank you for your hard work. I’ll report to the guild, so go back and rest, Kazuma.”
Megumin used a gentle voice I never heard before to say this.
She must’ve been worried about me and my death experience.
I accepted her kindness gratefully and returned to the mansion with Darkness, who was red in the face and refused to look at me in the eye, and Aqua, who was covered in the footprints of the lizard runners.
– After reaching town, Megumin headed for the adventurer’s guild.
And then, on our way back to the mansion.
“Speaking of which… Why did you say something so silly, Kazuma? You’re living a wonderful life surrounded by beauties; what are you so unhappy about that you’d refuse to come back?”
Darkness nodded when she heard what Aqua said.
Looking at the two of them, I–
“… Fufufu.”
“Ah!”
When the two of them heard me snicker, they yelled.
When we reached the mansion, and I was about to open the door, Aqua harassed me.
“Hey, I think you’ve been looking down on us recently, right? Didn’t I revive you too today–although Kazuma didn’t want to! Hey, stop treating me like an unwanted child! Revere me more! If you go to the capital of water and hot springs, Alcanretia, you can find lots of my statues and merchandize!”
I think it was weird to make figures of a goddess you idolize, but I said to the noisy Aqua behind me without turning back:
“Moron, when did I treat you like an unwanted child? Without you, who will clean the toilet? For someone who proclaims to be the goddess of water, there are few places more suitable for you to clean than that, right?”
“That’s what I’m talking about! I’m the goddess of water, not the goddess of the toilet!! I’m saying your attitude is bad, you have to treat me nicer!”
I entertained the teary-eyed Aqua casually, entered the mansion and took off my equipment such as my chest armor.
I turned and saw that Darkness was taking off her armor, which had been battered by the kicks of the lizard runners.
Darkness kept peeking at my lower abdomen after I took off my armor.
…?
When I looked at her curiously. Darkness averted her eyes with a red face.
I was a little concerned about it, but I just revived and still felt a bit tired.
Since I was going to rest early, I went to take a bath.
Entering the bathroom, I reached for the magic heater, used mana to heat the water, and stripped in the changing room…
And charged outside.
“Where’s Megumin? She isn’t back yet?! That stupid loli, don’t think I’ll hold back just because she’s a kid! I’ll strip her with Steal and let her enjoy the same treatment!”
“Megumin said she would stay in the inn with her friend for a few days after visiting the adventurer’s guild– ahhh?”
After seeing I was nude, Darkness, who was reading a magazine on the couch, hid her face into the magazine.
I still didn’t get what her standard of shame was, and had no time for her.
Aqua looked at me, who was grinding my teeth, with bloodshot eyes.
“… Hey Kazuma, having confidence is a good thing, but I think being too cocky isn’t good.”
“Mo-Moron! Weren’t you there when Megumin wrote this? Damn, damn you, ahhh!”
I escaped back into the bathroom.
And washed the words ‘Holy sword Excalibur ↓’ from my lower abdomen.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
I was sitting on the couch in the living room when the nervous Megumin pleaded with me.
“I apologize for what happened earlier… Please turn back into the old Kazuma.”
Megumin was sitting properly on the carpet, lowering her head to me, who was lying back on the couch with a furry coat draped over it.
Megumin had been staying outside the mansion for a while, and ever since she returned, she’s been acting like this.
What happened earlier…?
Ah, when she doodled on my body there.
“I’m not bothered by such trivial matters. There’s no need for quarrels if you have money. Forget that. How about having some tea, Megumin? I received a huge batch of quality tea leaves.”
I said to Megumin with a smile.
Megumin started sniveling; she was probably moved by my generosity.
“I’m really sorry! It was all my fault, so please turn back into the old Kazuma! The current Kazuma’s really disgusting! Please! Please!!”
“Why do you keep saying strange things like, ‘Turn back to the old me’. I’m always like this.”
A teacup was gracefully presented to my seat before the fireplace.
“The red tea of the highest grade is ready, Kazuma-san.”
Aqua passed the red tea to me as she sat beside me.
I took a sip…
“… This is plain water.”
“Ara, ara, look how clumsy I am. My apologies, Kazuma-san.”
“Don’t worry, you can just make another pot of tea. Thank you, Aqua-san. I’ll drink this anyway.”
“What’s happening? What happened these few days while I was away? Please, turn back to normal you two!”
I calmed the noisy Megumin down as I sent Aqua to brew a new pot of tea.
Aqua probably touched the tea accidentally and turned the tea into plain water.
However, someone like me, who’s as calm as the Buddha, won’t get angry.
… At this moment, Darkness gestured at the confused Megumin.
Darkness told the tired looking Megumin what happened the past few days–
– The morning after Megumin ran away.
“That loli bitch, ahhh! I’ll strip her when she comes back! Absolutely! I’ll do it! I’ll make that wild kid beg for mercy!”
The slightly blushing Darkness said to me as I raged:
“You’ll be arrested if you do that, Kazuma. In-Instead of that, can you tell me specifically how you’ll make Megumin beg for mercy…”
The living room.
I was hugging my knees inside my kotatsu screaming my head off while Darkness questioned me curiously.
Aqua, who was in front of the fireplace, said:
“Stop making a fuss so early in the morning. Really, stop squabbling. Everyone should be calm like me. Other than taking a bath, I’ve been in this spot after coming back yesterday.”
“I don’t want a bum who spends the entire day right on the couch to say that about me! Damn it! That ink is hard to wash off after it dries! I won’t forgive that girl! I can see her crying face right before my eyes!”
“Tell me in detail how you will make her cry…”
Suddenly, the main door was knocked.
“Is that Megumin? You came back?”
“In detail… Um, that…”
I got out of the kotatsu and was planning to walk to the door…!
“Hahaha! Did you think it was the Crimson Demon girl with a screw loose? Too bad, it’s moi! As the stubborn shop owner who has an amazing talent in holding on to trash is terrible at judging things, moi, who can see though all, will negotiate with you. Rejoice at moi arrival and be honored by moi presence. Come, let me see the merchandize you plan to place in our shop…! Hmm?”
Over there was a devil wearing a strange mask.
Seeing him, Aqua slowly got up from the couch before the fireplace–
“Hey, how did you get in here? There’s a holy barrier meant keep out harmful insects like you.”
“Ahhh. You mean that half-baked thing that was covering the mansion? So, it was a barrier. It was too weak, so I thought it was a failed product by a rookie priest. Pardon moi, but it broke when the powerful moi merely passed through it.”
Aqua got down from the couch and stood in front of Vanir.
“Ara, ara, although you’re saying that, you’re tattered all over, Devil-san. How should I say this…? I never thought the legendary duke of hell would get so beat up over a barrier of this level.”
She smiled innocently as she curiously poked at Vanir’s crumbling body.
“Ahahaha! This body is but dust anyway! Moi have plenty of substitutes. Moi was just curious about the quality of that thin layer outside the mansion. Well, it isn’t too bad for a newbie priestess, huh? Quite good for a human… And a rookie priestess! Hahaha!”
Aqua furrowed her brows, staring at the laughing Vanir closely like a delinquent.
Vanir matched Aqua’s eye level and glared back.
“Hey, hey, this looks bad. Darkness, help me stop these two…! … What are you doing there? Why are you turning away?”
“… It’s nothing.”
She was asking me something just now, and was probably throwing a tantrum because I ignored her.
Darkness snuggled into the kotatsu by herself, ignoring the commotion that was happening.
“Hey, you two, I know it’s in your nature to fight, but this is my house. Cut it out.”
After I intervened reluctantly, the two of them pulled away from each other.
“Hey Kazuma, I don’t know the specifics–could it be that you’re making things like the kotatsu in order to do business with that thing? Hey, are you going to collude with that pest? With that parasite that steals souls and is always finding trouble with humans to live off their negative emotions? Really, what an unfunny joke! Fufufu!”
“Ahahaha, Devils like moi are most trustworthy since we honor our contracts, unlike those who target innocent people and gather them with lies like ‘Believers will receive salvation’; a bunch of scammers who cons money under the guise of helping the poor. What’s the common phrase they use… Ah, like ‘God’s always watching over you’. Hoho, how preposterous! So that guy who was recently caught peeping at the bathroom with gentle eyes is a god?! Ahahaha!”
The two of them laughed without emotion…
“……”
And suddenly fell silent.
“Sacred Exorcism!”
“Elegant Shedding!”
In response to Aqua’s sudden shout, a pillar of light appeared from under Vanir’s feet.
But Vanir immediately threw his mask away.
His original body was consumed by the light pillar and destroyed, but the mask which was his true body evaded the exorcism spell.
When it fell onto the carpet on the ground, it began constructing a new body.
Aqua lunged towards the mask and attempted to peel the mask from the new body.
“Ahahaha, so this is it! This is your true body! I caught it! I finally caught it! Well then, what should I do?! How should I deal with this thing?”
“Ahahaha, even if you destroy moi mask, there will be a 2nd or 3rd me one day…! Hey, don’t pull moi mask off while I’m talking, moi body will crumble! At least wait for moi to say moi line…”
“Hey calm down. It’s about time you two cut it out.”
I once again intervened between Aqua, who was peeling off the mask excitedly, and Vanir, who was resisting with a tattered body.
– Vanir kneeled on the carpet as he appraised the items I had made.
“Hmm. Moi judgment of you was spot on. This will sell. It’ll sell well. This kotatsu thing is also a great tool to keep one warm.”
“……”
Darkness, who hid her legs in the kotatsu, kicked Vanir’s hand. which was meddling with the kotatsu curiously, away.
I didn’t know why Darkness had been throwing a tantrum just now, but I hoped she wouldn’t interfere with the business discussion.
“Hmm, give moi a quote then. The previous agreement was ten percent revenue of the sold products to be paid monthly… But brat, are you interested in selling the intellectual rights of the products themselves? Including these items, moi am willing to buy it for three hundred million eris.”
“Three hundred million?”
We shouted at the same time while Vanir inspected a rubbery object I created.
Three hundred million…! Three hundred million is an amount you can live off of for an entire lifetime without working if you don’t splurge!
We were too shocked to move, but Vanir continued speaking.
“But moi thinks getting the monthly payout is a good idea too. After setting up the manufacturing line, you can get one million eris every month. We can nail down the details when we move into the retail phase… By the way, what’s this thing used for?”
One million a month or a one time, three hundred million payout.
Oh no, what should I do? My life suddenly went into easy mode!
It might not sell so well forever, so I should take the three hundred million?
No, in order for me not to worry about the money in my account running dry, maybe getting a monthly payout would be better?
Oh right, the one making the deal is this devil.
This fellow’s wandering around town with this mask on. Wouldn’t he get arrested?
“This is known as a ‘balloon’. It’s a toy that’ll become bigger if you blow into it. Let me play with it.”
Aqua took the rubber from Vanir and started blowing.
“Oh. Give me one too…”
Darkness was curious and placed the rubber onto her lips.
… At this juncture, I was too afraid to tell them they were failed condoms I gave up on producing because I couldn’t make them thinner.
“Anyway, wouldn’t people notice if you walked around town in that get up?! Wouldn’t people shout, ‘That’s a Demon King’s General’ and attack you?”
“Huh? What nonsense are you saying? This mask is different from moi previous one. Can’t you see the ‘II’ shining brightly on moi forehead?”
So, what?
Darkness gestured at me before I could retort.
“Kazuma. The personality of that devil’s problematic, but he won’t do things like arson, murder or robbery. He seems to have given up on the maintenance of the Demon King’s castle barrier, so the higher ups in the adventurer’s guild want to observe him for now. Besides, he’s staying in Wiz’s shop, so if anything happens, the reputable shop owner will stop him in time.”
Darkness whispered to me as I snuggled in the kotatsu.
I see. If Vanir didn’t create any problems, then instead of aggravating him, it was better to leave him alone.
This devil was a former General of the Demon King’s army after all.
Who knows how many casualties there would be if they attacked him head on.
“In summary of the above, the Demon King’s General is deemed to have been defeated. The guild won’t ask for the bounty money to be returned.”
That would be a great help.
I finally had a little chance of making it rich, I wouldn’t want to spoil it by getting burdened with debt again.
… But can you please stop speaking with a serious face while playing with contraceptives?
“Hmm. It’ll take some time before the product is ready for retail. We can decide on the payment method then. Moi am a bit worried about the shop and will take moi leave now.”
“That’s great. Or else you’ll stink up my holy sanctuary. Go, get lost!”
Aqua, waving her hand, chased Vanir out, and he left begrudgingly.
– One million monthly or one time three hundred million…
“– These two have been acting this way ever since then.”
“I see. I finally understand why these two are acting like fake celebrities.”
After listening to Darkness’s explanation, Megumin looked at me and said.
By the way, my favorite kotatsu had been taken away by Vanir.
I thought I would fight with Aqua over the special seat in front of the fireplace, but after gaining financial stability my heart became as generous as the sky.
Aqua and I sat on the couch before the fireplace cordially.
After staring at us blankly for a moment, Megumin finally stood up.
“Anyway, it’s great that we have money. Since funding’s no longer a problem… Let’s do some grinding quests! We need to keep raising Kazuma’s level!”
Megumin said with a cheerful smile while holding her staff…
“Ah? Don’t wanna, what are you saying? We already have so much money, why do we still need to work and raise levels? That doesn’t matter anymore.”
I received the second cup of plain water from Aqua, and said unhesitantly while sipping it.
… Hey, it’s about time you let me drink real tea.
“… Ah?”
I said to the stunned Megumin:
“Remember what happened last time? We prepared the equipment and drew up a battle plan, but I still died. I’ve decided. I won’t go adventuring anymore. I’ll work on my business from now on. I won’t do dangerous work like adventuring, but instead lead a stable, peaceful life.”
“Hey Kazuma-san, that won’t do. If the Demon King isn’t defeated, that would be a problem for me.”
… Hmm.
“Then we’ll make more money and hire lots of powerful adventurers. They’ll help us raise our levels and then help in battling the Demon King. That’s right, we’ll lead an army of high level adventurers to invade the Demon King’s castle. How does that sound? Taking down the Demon King sounds much more realistic, right?”
“That’s right! As expected of Kazuma-san! We’ll slap the adventurers in the face with our money and squeeze their value dry. After they’ve whittled the Demon King’s health away, we’ll go in and deal the final blow!”
“That’s the way. As expected of the one who’s been with me the longest, you’re sharp.”
While Aqua and I were laughing, Megumin started trembling.
“I-I won’t acknowledge defeating the Demon King through the power of money! I won’t acknowledge it! What do you think the Demon King is?! The existence of Demon King requires training and leveling up with comrades, awakening your mysterious power, before finally taking him down after a hard-fought battle! What the heck do you mean by hiring high-level adventurers to defeat the Demon King?”
“No, that might be so, but considering it pragmatically, no matter how high our levels get, there’s still a limit. Even if I equip the most expensive equipment and get to a super high level, I’ll still definitely die to the Demon King in a single blow… After defeating the Demon King’s Generals and dispelling the barrier, how about hiring tons of high-level thieves and asking them to use the Lurk technique to assassinate the Demon King…?”
“What’s with this shameless fighting style? That should be the way the Demon King’s army fights, correct? Say something, Darkness! I have a feeling these two will get worse with each passing day… Darkness?”
When she heard Megumin, Darkness seemed to snap out of her deep thought.
“No… While watching Kazuma slowly turn into a bum, I’m curious how much of a jerk he’ll become… Will he laze around and drown himself in alcohol and women, and start splurging his money…? And in the end, he’ll say to me– ‘Hey Darkness, use your slutty body to earn me some cash…!’ With the belief that Kazuma would turn over a new leaf one day, I’ll start prostituting myself…!”
“There’s another depraved one over here! Ahhh, really, what should I do?!”
“Hey Megumin, don’t lump me together with that pervert. I’m someone who died recently, okay? I even broke my neck in the fight with the lizard runners, at least let me recover my wounds in peace.”
“Didn’t you hurt yourself after falling from the tree? Normally you would need time to heal, but didn’t you recover completely after receiving perfect treatment?”
I ignored Aqua, who was saying unnecessary things beside me, and rubbed my neck exaggeratedly.
“… I get it.”
Megumin lowered her head and said softly.
“So, you understand. Well then, I’ll take a nap to recover earlier and get back to the frontlines. I made an appointment with Dust and the guys to go drinking tonight, so someone please wake me up in the evening.”
Megumin said to me as I was about to return to my room:
“… I get it. We’ll go to treat Kazuma’s wounds.”
Megumin kept her head down and continued:
“Treatment? It’s fine, I’ll get better after resting for a while.”
“To get you treated, let’s go to the city of water and hot springs, ‘Alcanretia’.
“Wait, what did you say?”
I heard something about hot springs.
I’ll say it again because it’s very important.
I heard something about hot springs.
“Hot springs? Hey, are you talking about that? We’re going to the city of water and hot springs, Alcanretia?”
Aqua had a bigger reaction to the words ‘hot springs’ than me.
She claimed to be the goddess of water, so it was natural for her to be interested in the city of water and hot springs.
Speaking of hot springs.
Speaking of hot springs, you…!
“Oh, hot springs. Sounds great. After consecutive battles with powerful enemies, I’m getting mentally tired. My debts are gone too. Splurging every now and then and taking a trip to the hot springs isn’t too bad.”
“Really, Kazuma-san, why are you acting so fake about this?”
Aqua looked at my profile from a close distance under the glow of the fireplace.
Don’t stare at me from so close.
… I noticed the eyes of Megumin, who was keeping her head down, shining.
“… I take it that Kazuma and Aqua are fine with the trip to the hot springs?”
I couldn’t see her face because she was lowering her head, but Megumin seemed to be smiling deviously…
“How about you, Darkness…?”
“– And after I become more and more depraved, I’ll say this! ‘Please don’t throw me away! I-I’ll do anything! Master… Ahhh!’”
After seeing the blushing and squirming Darkness lost in her own world, Megumin became stiff.
“… It’ll be better to leave her to watch the house.”
“… Um, if Darkness doesn’t tag along, the journey there will be a bit hard…”
Megumin replied reluctantly while looking at Darkness after hearing what I said.
… The journey there?
– The next morning.
“It’s morning! Hey, how long are you going to sleep? Is everyone ready? Hurry and get up, move!”
It was still early, but the noisy Aqua was making a racket.
She was probably looking forward to the hot spring trip and got up early.
As for me–
“Of course, I’m ready to go! Really, those two keep saying I’m a bum, just how long are they planning to sleep?”
“Right! I’ll wake them up! Kazuma, you go to the carriage station and get the best seats for us.”
“Okay, leave it to me. But I’ll make a detour before going there.”
I’ll leave the job of waking those two to the puzzled Aqua.
I left the mansion with my luggage.
– The city of water and hot springs, Alcanretia.
I heard it would take a day and a half if we traveled by carriage from Axel.
If we took the first morning carriage, we’ll only need to camp outside for one night.
Since I didn’t know how long I would stay there, I wanted to tell that guy I would be away for some time.
I opened the door of the magic shop that was ready for business early in the morning and had barely any customers.
“Welcome!… Hmm, the brat whose active hours are similar to the undead. Why are you here so early in the morning? If you are looking for the owner, she has been burned to a crisp by moi punishment beam inside. Help yourself if you want to see her.”
Vanir was hard at work packing something into a crate.
Peering into the depths of the shop, I found the burnt Wiz lying on the floor.
“… Wiz is your employer, correct? Is it fine to do that?”
“Don’t joke with moi. If I allow the shop owner that collects junk free reign, we’ll be in the red even if moi works for a thousand years. She’ll bring in incredible goods when I’m not paying attention, wiping out all the revenue moi brings in.”
I was really concerned with what exactly happened, but I was looking for this fellow today, not Wiz.
“No, actually… I’m looking for you today. I’ll be going on a hot spring trip, so I hope to discuss our business dealings after I return.”
“Oh, so it’s about that. The manufacturing line has not been set up yet, so you can look forward to your mixed bath.”
“I-I-I-I-I’m not looking forward to the mixed bath or anything, all right? My neck injury hurts, so I just want to go for treatment!… By the way, what are you packing? And why’s Wiz burned up?”
After I asked him, Vanir showed the thing he was going to pack to me.
“That charcoal owner said while crying to moi, ‘This is an excellent product! It’ll sell! It’ll sell! So, Vanir-san, please don’t charge up your killer beam as you come near me!’. She was showing off this to moi. I’m planning to return it and I’m packing it into boxes… You want to buy it?”
“…? What is that, a magic item?”
“It seems to be able to help adventurers with the problem of going to the toilet outdoors. A magically compressed portable toilet that’ll be ready once you open the cover. To protect the privacy of the user, it’s designed to produce the sound of water.”
“That sounds great, isn’t that convenient?”
For adventurers who needed to camp outside, sanitation was an important issue.
“The cons are that the sound to cover the privacy of the user is too loud and will attract monsters. The water creation mechanism is too powerful and will result in flooding…”
“Forget it then. Is there any magic item that you recommend?”
When he heard me say that, Vanir picked up a bottle from the shelf.
“Recommendations? How about the bottle that’ll explode once you open it, purchased by moi debt-ridden shop owner? Just thirty thousand eris for one. If you bring it to the bank and attempt to open it at the counter, you will get a large sum of money. How about one?”
“Who would want that? Aren’t there any normal magic items in this shop…?”
Vanir sighed deeply in response.
“The ditzy shop owner has extraordinary talent in buying things that can’t be used. She’ll buy weird things whenever moi isn’t paying attention…”
Vanir stopped at this point.
“… By the way, brat. You mentioned that you are going on a hot spring trip, correct?”
“…? Yes, what about it?”
Vanir shoved his mask over fiercely.
“Can you bring this ditzy shop owner along with thee? To mass produce your products, moi needs a large amount of money soon. But with this thing in the shop, she’ll buy strange items and waste moi capital. This owner is only strong in her power as a lich. Moi foresight might seem powerful, but it can’t see the future of someone as strong as moi.”
“… So, you want me to watch over Wiz for a while? I’m fine with that, but I don’t know how the undead-hating Aqua will react…”
“… The shop owner who looked thin while wearing clothes actually loves the baths. This devil that can see through everything prophesizes: ‘During this trip, you have a good chance of entering a mixed bath’.”
“Leave it to me, I’ll take her there!”
– When I reached the carriage station, Aqua and the others were already waiting.
“Hey, I thought I told you to save some seats for us… What’s that on your back?”
While piggybacking Wiz, who was burned and showing the white of her eyes, I explained the situation to everyone.
“Hmm? Eh, I’m fine with that. But this child’s fading away.”
Unexpectedly, Aqua readily accepted it. The unconscious Wiz was really turning transparent.
“Hey, hey, is that really okay? Use recovery spell… Ah, that’ll have the opposite effect on the undead!”
“Calm down, Kazuma. Use Drain Touch and share your life force with her!”
“Traveling out of town, huh…? When I was little, my father brought me to the royal capital for the birthday of the princess. I haven’t left this territory since then… Um, what is it Kazuma? Why are you holding my hand– ahhh!?”
I took the hand of Darkness, who was reminiscing about something, and used Drain Touch.
I used the life force I got from Darkness and pushed it into Wiz on my back. Wiz started becoming clearer and regained consciousness.
“Hmm…? Isn’t this Kazuma-san, this place is…?”
As Wiz started surveying the surroundings after waking up, Darkness strangled me.
“You… You… You jerk! I was having a nostalgic moment, why must you do this every time…?”
“Ugu, I had no choice. This was an emergency! You have the most vitality among us, so it had to be you!”
“Customers! If you don’t get on now, I’ll leave you behind!”
Although adventurers like us could be employed as escorts, I didn’t want to fight if something happened, so, we paid the fee and chose to be normal passengers.
I don’t want to fight.
That’s right. I died fighting the monsters around this town, so I didn’t think I could handle dangerous monsters that would attack a large group of carriages.
Fortunately, we received about ten million eris each from the battle with Vanir.
It was a rare chance for a vacation, so there shouldn’t be any problem with splurging a little.
“Hey Kazuma! Let’s take that carriage! My judgment says that riding that carriage will be awesome. By the way, I want the window seat. I want to sit in the place where I can see the scenery clearly. Hey Kazuma, go buy the tickets. Go do it now so no one else can buy the seats on the wagon!”
Aqua said these demeaning words as she stared at the most expensive carriage with shining eyes.
The smaller carriage had a cargo compartment built behind the passenger compartment.
The cargo compartment was already packed full of luggage.
Behind the driver were the wooden passenger seats.
There should be seats for five people there…
“… Hey gramps, why has one of the seats been taken? What is this? It’s so bothersome.”
One of the five seats had been occupied.
On the seat was a lizard kept in a small cage.
A red-eyed lizard the size of a cat that looked fierce with its glowing eyes.
Eh, could this be…?
“Customer, that’s a young red dragon. Its owner is on that carriage over there, but he paid the fees for this dragon. Even though it’ll be a bit uncomfortable, I’ll need one of the customers to move to the cargo compartment behind…”
I see–I accepted the carriage driver’s words.
One of the tickets was cheaper for that carriage.
It wasn’t good to let one of us take the carriage with strangers, so let’s take this one.
“… And now, here’s the problem…”
“Rock-paper-scissors! I think that’s the best way to decide in this situation!”
When I was about to say something, Aqua interrupted me.
She seemed to realize that if this went on, she’ll end up holding the short straw just like usual.
Aqua knew from experience she’ll be relegated to the cargo compartment.
“Um, well… I think I should go since I joined it out of the blue…”
I already explained to Wiz that Vanir asked me to bring her to the hot spring trip. She raised her hand timidly.
But I already got Wiz’s share of the travel fare from Vanir.
I couldn’t let her be treated unfairly.
“No Wiz. We should do this fairly. All right Aqua… Rock-paper-scissors, huh? No problem.”
“Huh?”
Aqua was probably surprised by how easily I agreed to this.
… Rock-paper-scissors. Okay, I accept.
So, rock-paper-scissors existed in this world too.
Maybe the Japanese who came here before me spread their culture around as well.
Darkness and Megumin seemed fine with it and got ready.
Aqua seemed to be focusing all her strength in her fist…!
“Then let’s go! Rock-paper-scissors!”
I showed scissors while the others chose paper. I won alone.
As I was about to enter the carriage, Aqua stopped me.
“Who said it was by elimination? The rule is that the five of us keep playing until only one loser emerges.”
“That’s bullshit!”
I knew she had some scheme in mind when she mentioned rock-paper-scissors.
… Fine.
“Hey Aqua, want to duel with me? I’ll play three rounds one-on-one with you. If you win just one time, I’ll go sit in the cargo compartment.”
“Really?… Kazuma’s an idiot, right? Do you even know what the laws of probability are? Kazuma’s chances of winning three in a row is astronomically low.”
I faced Aqua, who was speaking arrogantly, and shooed the other three people inside.
“I’ve never lost in rock-paper-scissors.”
Three rounds. Rock-paper…!
“– This isn’t right! Something is wrong! You must’ve cheated! Please, once more! If I lose again I’ll go sit in the cargo compartment!”
Aqua, who lost three times in a row, promptly complained to me on the verge of tears.
Really, this girl’s annoying.
“Don’t go back on your words, okay? If you throw a tantrum again, I’ll tie you up with a rope.”
After hearing what I said, Aqua sneered.
“So, you accept, right? No take backs Kazuma! I don’t know how you’re cheating, but if you want to play it that way, I have something up my sleeves too! Blessing!”
“Ah! That’s dirty!”
Aqua cast a buffing spell on herself.
This spell Blessing grants a blessing from the gods.
The effect differs from person to person, but it’ll improve one’s luck for a limited time.
“Luck is part of one’s skill, including luck bestowed by magic! Let’s go! Rock-paper-scissors!”
I won.
“Why?!”
I gestured at Aqua and shooed her to the cargo compartment, and said at the same time:
“Actually, I’ve never lost in rock-paper-scissors since I was little. It’s incredible.”
My strong luck seemed to only work in such a situation.
“Despicable! This is a scam! This is cheating, a cheat ability! You’re born with such a unique power? Then bringing me to this world as your cheat item is void! Send me back now! Let me go back to the heavens you shitty cheater!”
This bitch!
“Are you looking for a fight? You’re telling me my special power is ‘winning in rock-paper-scissors’? Are you stupid, how can I fight with monsters with such an ability? You want me to tell the Demon King, ‘Stop bothering the people if I win rock-paper-scissors’, you dumb broad?”
“But! But!!”
I grabbed Aqua, who refused to let the matter go.
“The most infuriating thing is you claiming to be my cheat item! Don’t make me laugh, what kind of cheat is that? If I can exchange you for a unique cheat ability, I would’ve done it a long time ago!”
“Waaahhhh! You dare say that? That hurts! Stop pulling my cheeks!!”
I didn’t know how long we spent on the clattering and shaking carriage.
The town we were staying in was out of sight and unfamiliar scenery spread out before our eyes.
The side of the carriage had a small window; I seldom leave the town and was enjoying the scenery outside casually.
Although I was an adventurer, this was the first time I set off on a journey after coming to this world.
Darkness beside me was kneeling in her seat while dressed in armor, sticking to the window like a child. She stared at the scenery outside with shining eyes.
For the daughter of nobility, the world outside the town was new to her.
Maybe Megumin had seen more of the world than we had. Compared to the scenery outside the windows, she was more interested in the dragon inside the cage.
Although she mumbled, ‘Chomusuke is cuter’, she was still searching her pockets for something to feed the dragon.
Wiz smiled as she patted Chomusuke’s head as it rested on her lap. For some reason, Chomusuke was sticking close to her.
– During this peaceful journey.
“Kazuma-san! Kazuma-sama! My butt hurts. It really hurts. Isn’t it about time for someone to swap places with me!”
I could hear Aqua’s voice from the shaking cargo compartment.
… Couldn’t be helped.
“I’ll trade places with you at the next resting stop. Just bear with it until that happens.”
Aqua was overjoyed when she heard me say that, and hugged her knees while she hummed.
“Wouldn’t it be better for me to change with her? By the way, why did Vanir-san suddenly ask me to go on vacation? Hehe… Vanir-san always shows his kindness in small ways like this. He’ll say, ‘Wiz, just sit at the counter and smile at the customers. Please don’t work.’ He cares deeply about me…”
Wiz said with a smile.
I didn’t tell her the real reason she was tagging along with me.
I couldn’t say it.
“Hmm~? That strange masked man is a devil, but he takes such good care of others? Does he have some hidden motives?”
“Aqua-sama, Vanir-san has his good points too. He’s working hard in chasing away the crows gathering at the garbage dump. The housewives in the neighborhood call him ‘Crow Slayer Vanir-san’.
Why was that devil sucking up to his neighbors?
Including ours, there were several carriages advancing in a single file.
On the carriages were a lot of escort adventurers and travelers, filled with all sorts of goods.
If men and carriages congregate in large numbers, weak monsters will run away.
It should be safe to be in the center of the carriage convoy.
… Even though I knew how screwed up this world was.
While I was idly thinking about this.
– The first to notice was me.
I was thinking this was a good time to use it, so I used my Farsight skill to watch the scenery outside the window and noticed a cloud of dust some distance away.
Although it was still far away, from the way the dust cloud was getting bigger, I could tell something was closing in at an incredible speed.
“… Hey, what is that?”
I pointed to the dust cloud and asked Darkness, who was looking out the window on the other side.
Darkness, who didn’t have Farsight, probably couldn’t see the dust cloud I was pointing at and frowned.
I had an ominous feeling and said to the driver:
“Excuse me, I can see a cloud of dust coming our way. They are approaching really fast… Do you know what that could be?”
When he heard what I said, the driver, who was holding the reigns, casually answered.
“Dust cloud? A creature in the vicinity that’s fast enough to kick up a cloud… sounds like the lizard runners, right? But I heard the princess runner that was leading the pack was defeated, so it might be a sand whale shooting out sand? The only other creature that fits the bill would be hawkite runners.”
… What’s with this monster that has a joke-like name.
“Hey, don’t look at me like that, customer. I didn’t come up with the name. This is a hybrid of a hawk and black kite, the king of birds. It’s a bird but it can’t fly. On the other hand, it has extraordinary leg power. It can run at high speed and will pounce on its prey, a very dangerous monster.”
I didn’t want to be attacked by a monster with such a stupid name.
The driver saw something from my expression and said with a smile:
“Don’t worry, customer. Like the lizard runners, these fellows’ mating season is during spring. To attract females during the bird’s mating season, the males will take part in a bravery contest known as a ‘Chicken Race’. They’ll sprint towards some hard object that looks like it’d be very painful if they crash into it, and then avoid it at the last moment. Some of them won’t be able to stop in time and die from the impact. These fellows have the instinct of searching for tough and hard objects. They’ll definitely crash into the trees or boulders beside them.”
I see. That’s a relief.
After accepting this answer, I returned to my seat once more.
And looked at the dust cloud…
– It was getting closer.
It was definitely far closer than just a moment ago.
And that dust cloud was heading straight for us.
“Excuse me, sorry for troubling you! I think they’re charging at us more energetically than before. Will it really be okay?”
Hearing me say that, the driver pulled the reins to slow the carriage down and squinted at the dust cloud…
“… Hmm, those are hawkite runners. Yup, that’s it. But why are they heading this way–something’s wrong customer, maybe someone in the convoy is carrying some hard ores like adamantite? These critters will chase after hard objects. The others in the convoy seem to have noticed too. Please rest easy. They seem to be heading this way. In fact, they seem to be heading towards this carriage. Or rather…!
They were charging towards the passenger seats of this carriage.
Which means…!
“Kazuma! Some creatures are charging at us really rapidly! Or rather… I think they are staring at me! What… What a passionate gaze! Ah… Ah…! Oh no, Kazuma, this is bad! If this goes on, I’ll collide violently with that group speeding over here and get trampled…!!”
“So, it was you!!”
I felt an incoming headache.
“Customer, I’ll pull over for now! That way, the escorts on the other carriages will protect this carriage and the customers!”
… I’m sorry everyone, my Crusader is too hard.
I whispered to Darkness:
“Hey Darkness, those monsters are aiming for you. I hear they like to crash into tough and hard objects. They’re aiming at your rock-hard muscles.”
“Hey Kazuma, I’m a cute and frail girl. Stop saying rock-hard muscles, all right? It’s because my armor contains a small quantity of adamantite. With my defensive skills on top of that… That must be the reason why they’re lured here… It… It’s true. Don’t look at me like that. My body isn’t that hard…!
After the carriage stopped, Darkness and I jumped off.
“Megumin, Aqua, we’re heading out! By right we don’t need to fight, but it’s kind of our fault that they are headed this way. We have to clean up after ourselves!”
After hearing what I said, Megumin and Aqua alighted too.
“I’ll help too!”
Wiz shouted and got ready to alight.
“Vanir asked me to protect you! I know you’re strong, but stay in the carriage for now! Help me protect the driver!”
Wiz nodded in agreement, and the driver, who didn’t know the truth, shouted:
“Customer! Customer! You paid for the carriage ride! Please hide somewhere safe!”
Sorry! My comrade was probably the reason why this was happening!
Naturally, the apology in my heart couldn’t be conveyed.
“Adventurers! We’re counting on you!”
With the voice of some guy as their cue, the adventurers who took the job of carriage escorts picked up their weapons and leapt off the carriages!
Darkness walked straight toward the hawkite group charging toward the flank of the convoy.
It was shameful to say, but I hid behind Darkness.
Even if I stepped up by myself, I would die after getting hit by monsters running at such a speed.
I got Aqua to cast buffing spells and asked Megumin to prepare explosion magic to be cast at a moment’s notice.
These birds with the head of a hawk and the body of an ostrich were faster than horses and bigger than bulls.
They charged on with no signs of slowing down.
“Hey, that Crusader over there! You’re not an escort, so get back!”
A man who looked like a warrior said.
But Darkness didn’t stop.
“Hey! The monsters are heading straight for that Crusader…! It’s Decoy! Crusaders can use luring skills to aggravate the enemies! That Crusader isn’t an escort, but she’s still pulling all the enemies toward her!”
An archer man said.
– I apologize, she wasn’t using any skills. I apologize again.
“Hey, that Crusader shows no sign of backing off in the face of so many enemies! So, so cool…! How… How brave…!”
Some female wizard commented.
– I apologize, she’s doing it for a completely different reason. I apologize.
As Darkness was walking forward with a blushed face full of excitement, an adventurer in a thief outfit chased after Darkness with a rope in hand!
“How can I let a paying customer, who isn’t even taking the salary for escort duty, face danger!? I’ll provide support, take this–Bind!”
“What?”
Darkness reacted immediately when she heard that.
I heard Chris mention this skill before.
The skill of a thief, Bind.
When Darkness and Chris adventured together, their tactics were for Chris to use this skill on an enemy and Darkness hitting the immobile foe.
Ah, I see.
That’s the reason why the clumsy Darkness could move that fast after hearing the name of that skill.
Darkness charged toward the hawkite in front of her… That didn’t happen.
Instead, she seemed to be shielding the hawkite the thief was targeting–
And ran happily into the space between that man and the hawkite.
Darkness was immediately bounded by the rope and looked just like a bagworm squirming on the ground.
With a red face and heated voice, Darkness shouted at the stunned thief:
“Ugu? How disgraceful! To be bounded before the enemy! If this goes on…! I’ll be trampled by that group of monsters!”
– I apologize, I’m sorry for this pervert of ours.
The monsters kicked up dust clouds as they charged at Darkness, who was down on the ground.
The man who looked like a thief screamed in pain as he looked at Darkness.
“Could it be, she was afraid I would get targeted by the monster because of my skill, so she took the Bind in the place of the monster? I’m sorry! I wanted to support you but got in the way instead, forgive me!”
– I apologize, I apologize for this comrade of mine! Really, I’m sorry!
– Chicken Race.
This is a game where one demonstrates their courage by speeding dangerously close to a cliff or obstacle, only to avoid it the very last moment.
And now, the obstacle chosen for this dangerous game was–
“Kazuma, Kazuma! It’s coming! The next one’s high! This is it this time! Ahhh, it’s going to crash!”
Darkness, whose limbs were bound, said.
The hawkite runners were charging at Darkness with their heads down…!
Just when you thought they’d collide, they jump just above Darkness with their chest facing the sky like high jumpers.
They would then start running again nonchalantly and move past me and the other adventurers.
There were more hawkites charging towards Darkness, but they would jump straight up, do splits, or even somersault over her the moment before impact.
“Kazuma! Is this part of an anxiety play? Leaving the close shaves aside…! What’s going on? The horny males are jumping over me one after another…!”
“Hey, shut your mouth, there are other people watching!”
Aqua beside me puffed out her chest with a gleeful expression, as if she was saying, ‘Praise me’.
“All right, all right, well done. I’ll trade places with you after this is over.”
When she heard me say that, Aqua clenched her fists and cheered.
I made her cast buffing magic that would improve Darkness’s luck for a period, Blessing.
Darkness, who was squirming around anxiously, had great luck due to the spell, so she wouldn’t be hit for now.
In the meantime, the adventurer escorts made their move.
“Spells! The enemy moves fast, so use spells!”
In response to these words, the mages started chanting at the same time…!
“Lightning!”
“Blade of Wind!”
“Fire Ball!”
The spells flew chaotically at the approaching monsters.
The hawkites hit by the spells maintained their speed despite losing consciousness, tumbling into the carriages and adventurers one after another.
They already reached a certain speed, so taking them out wouldn’t stop their bodies from charging forward due to the inertia. They simply couldn’t be stopped.
The adventurers and carriages collided with the speeding hawkite, causing serious damage.
The surviving hawkites that leapt over Darkness didn’t slow down and turned around.
The merchants and adventurers who saw that were shaken.
What were they planning?
What I saw was–the squirming Darkness that was targeted by the monsters.
… Looking at her, an idea came to my mind.
“Gramps, is there anything like a cliff around here?”
I grabbed the driver, who was watching blankly, and asked him.
I wanted to use Darkness as bait to lure the monsters and lead them to their death by hanging Darkness before a cliff so she wouldn’t fall off.
That way, after they jump over her, they’ll fall off the cliff one after another…!
“No, there aren’t any cliffs around here… Aside from a cavern which provides shelter from sudden rain, there’s nothing around here.”
When I heard the driver’s answer, I thought that things wouldn’t proceed so smoothly–
… Cavern.
“Gramps, is that cavern nearby? If it is, let’s take the carriage there! Megumin, Aqua, get on!”
I instructed the two beside me and ran toward Darkness.
As I struggled to undo the ropes on Darkness…!
“Huh? Hey, what the hell; there are no knots? How in the world?!”
I wanted to undo the ropes but there were no knots…!
I turned to the man who cast Bind on Darkness.
“Sorry! Once Bind is cast, it can’t be undone before the effect time is over! You can only cut the ropes one by one with something sharp like a knife…!”
Hey, are you kidding me?
I turned back to look at the hawkite runners; the leading monster was already heading this way.
There was no time!
“Kazuma! I don’t know what you’re planning to do, but don’t mind me, just drag me with you! This rope is tough enough, this is faster than cutting it one at a time! Don’t waste time, this is an emergency!”
“That’s true. But I don’t want you who made this mess to tell me that!”
I dragged the heavy Darkness with me and moved towards to the carriage that was ready to move.
“There are hawkites over there!”
Someone warned us.
At the same time, I heard consecutive magical explosions.
Ignoring this noise, I tried to board the carriage…
“Hey, what should we do now? You’re too heavy, I can’t carry you onto the carriage alone!”
“Don’t… Don’t say I’m heavy. You need to specify that it’s my armor that’s heavy! Just tie me to the carriage with a rope and drag me along! It can’t be helped, this is an emergency! Don’t hold back, there’s no other way!”
Depravetina argued with anticipation in her eyes.
“Hey, use this rope! Sorry for troubling you!”
The one throwing me the rope was the thief that bound Darkness.
I should be the one apologizing in all sorts of manners for this pervert of ours.
I used the rope I caught to tie Darkness to the carriage…!
“Customer, we have to go now! The carriage will get destroyed!”
I shouted in reply to the anxious voice of the driver.
“All right, let’s go gramps! Darkness, tell me if it’s too hard on you! I’ll undo the rope immediately!”
Darkness, who was looking forward to what was going to happen to her, squirmed with a blushed face while under bondage, unable to hear what I was saying.
“Ahhh… I’m getting dragged by a horse while being bound by ropes…! And the males that are chasing after me while I’m like this…!”
Maybe she would be happier if I just left her here all tied up.
The carriage started accelerating with Darkness in tow.
“Hey Kazuma, Darkness, she–! I know Kazuma’s terrible, but this is too much!”
“This is going too far…”
“No, no! This isn’t my idea, it’s Darkness, she…!”
While the two of them were staring at me accusingly after I got on the carriage, the driver yelled hoarsely.
“Customer, what should I do? They’re heading this way! They’re gaining on us! Where should we go?”
The driver probably wanted to leave us behind, but didn’t do so because he collected the travel fees from us. It must be hard on them.
“To the caverns! The caverns you mentioned just now!”
The carriage frantically moved at full speed while the hawkites behind inched closer.
They had the speed advantage, oh no, they’ll…!
“Bottomless Swamp!”
A clear voice sounded out from within the carriage.
At the same time, a large swamp appeared between the hawkites and the carriage.
The one leading the pack fell in, its legs sinking down.
That was Wiz.
Seeing the carriage about to be caught, she used magic to hinder their advancement.
However, the monsters went around the swamp and continued chasing us.
The group of hawkite continued their pursuit and their target Darkness was…!
“Um, ahhh… How, how shameful–! My armor’s clanking loudly! Ahhh, my cape’s all torn and tattered, how unnoble-like…! Don’t… Don’t look! Don’t look Kazuma, stop watching my torn and tattered appearance… Ahhh!”
Darkness, her cheeks flushed, kept saying ‘Don’t look’, but she seemed so happy.
She would glance our way from time to time, and her face would turn red when she saw everyone’s gazes.
A leopard can’t change its spots.
Even when her body was manipulated, she still asked Megumin to strike her down together with Vanir. Where did my cool and brave comrade disappear to?
“Heal! Heal!”
Aqua beside me busied herself with casting recovering magic on Darkness.
“Kazuma! I can see the caverns! I’m ready to cast my spell at any time!”
“All right, wait for my signal!”
Inside the shaking carriage that was speeding along.
I gave instructions to Megumin while nocking an arrow on my bow…!
“Gramps, stop the carriage when you see the caverns! Aqua, give me a strength buff spell!… Snipe! Snipe! Snipe!”
I stuck my body out of the carriage window and kept shooting at the hawkites closing in.
All the arrows struck the hawkites in the head thanks to my skill.
Seeing their own kind fall before them, the hawkites spread their wings and cawed loudly as they ran!
“Pihyororororoo!”
I see. Hawkite runners.
I was wondering what made these Hawkite runners kites of any kind. That clears things up.
The driver shouted desperately at this moment.
“Customer, we’re in front of the caverns! No one come here unless it’s raining, so you can go all out!… I’m braking, so grab onto something!”
As everyone grabbed on to something, the carriage braked violently beside the cavern entrance.
The hawkites were right behind us.
Although we stopped, they showed no signs of following suit.
Not only that, they were running even faster after being attacked.
– Using my strength that was enhanced by Aqua’s buffing, I leapt off the carriage and grabbed the rope tying Darkness to the carriage. I flung Darkness as if I was performing a hammer throw, tossing her before the entrance of the cavern!
“Ahhh? Good, such wonderful service! As expected of Kazuma! After dragging me with a horse, you’re now throwing me out as bait for the monsters… Ughh…?”
Darkness became quiet after she landed before the cavern entrance.
At the same time…!
“Pihyororororoo!”
With their shrill cries, the hawkite runners charged at Darkness.
Their heads were almost touching the ground. They jumped away the moment before they collided with Darkness.
Straddling jump, Fosbury flop, western roll and even scissors jump.
The hawkite runners jumped over Darkness like a burst of wind and charged into the cavern.
In no time, the entire flock was inside. The instant the last one entered the cavern.
“Megumin! Now!”
I tugged the rope connected to Darkness, pulling her as far away as possible and gave the orders to Megumin, who had completed chanting her spell.
“Explosion–!!”
After receiving her orders, Megumin cast her devastating explosion spell into the cavern.
A flash of light from the tip of her staff seemed to chase after the monsters in the cavern and was sucked into the darkness…!
And the knoll was blown up along with the cavern with a boom.
– Evening, after the sun had completely set.
Along with the people of caravan, we set up several campfires.
The carriages formed a circle around the fire, acting like a barricade.
I heard that such a placement could block the wind and act as a wall against any monsters that attacked them.
Although it would take some time for the carriages to start moving again, it’s almost impossible to travel by carriage safely in the dark.
Taking that into consideration, this was a reasonable formation.
“Here, eat more! Help yourselves! This is high-quality meat!”
The one offering the well roasted meat of some sort was an old man leading this caravan.
Our excellent performance in defeating the hawkites during the day made us very popular for some reason.
At this point, I was too afraid to say they were attracted by that Crusader of ours.
Hence, I felt a bit guilty. But I still accepted his hospitality…
“Speaking of which, that was splendid! To think we have such a great mage that can use Explosion with us…! And an Archpriest that can heal so many casualties so easily. And a brave Crusader who didn’t take a single step back in the face of the hawkite runners and took them all on…! The lady who created a swamp with high-level spells in an instant! Finally, your wise judgment to lure the enemies into the cavern to wipe them out! It’s perfect!”
Just spare me.
The truth wasn’t like that. Everything was our fault.
“No, no, no, that was just a coincidence. Um… I’ve said it a number of times already, but we don’t need the payout for escort duties…”
“What are you saying? You were the ones that took out most of the hawkites!”
That’s right. He was talking about giving us salary as escorts.
“No, no, no, really! I mean it! As adventurers, it’s only normal to participate in the fight in that situation! No need! We really can’t accept this!!”
I tried my best to reject his offer.
This was like fixing a match. I wasn’t thick skinned enough to accept the rewards so readily.
But this leader was trembling from gratitude for some reason.
“… What wonderful people you all are! My eyes have been opened! To think that there are still real adventurers like you all in this tough world !”
… And he said that.
To avoid being exposed, I better not talk too much with this person.
Aqua went to another bonfire to display her party tricks and conned wine from them.
For unknown reasons, Wiz was dragged along by Aqua.
Darkness, who had been thrown before the cavern entrance as bait, was blown away from the entrance by the explosion, and her armor was tattered all over.
She suffered light wounds, but those had already been healed by Aqua.
Right now, she was beside me, staring intently as her armor was being repaired.
The one repairing the armor was me.
I never imagined the Smithing skill I learned to invent merchandize would be used in such a way.
Megumin was watching me repair the armor too.
It was such dull and tedious work. I didn’t know why they were watching it with so much interest…
The dented part of the armor required stripping away the material inside that absorbed the impact, and then knocking it from the inside to flatten it. After that, the scratches would be removed with sandpaper.
Finally, the impact absorption material would be sewn back in…
“It’s hard to do this when you all stare at me like that…”
Megumin, her eyes sparkling, said,
“No, I think you’re repairing it perfectly. I think you can make a living as a blacksmith.”
“… Hmm, it feels great seeing my armor being fixed right before my eyes.”
Darkness said afterwards
– There were more than ten carriages and the caravan had plenty of people too.
Several dozen people camping under the stars and chatting around the fire; a scene straight out of a fantasy world.
The bonfire Aqua was mingling in was suddenly in an uproar.
I looked over there curiously. She seemed to be showing some of her best tricks.
Aqua was being treated like a guest of honor–
“One more time! Aqua-sama, please do it again! Once more!”
“If you want money, I’ll pay! Please perform it once more!”
The people in the caravan kept saying that.
Can’t this girl just make a living out of that?
The people in this caravan seemed to have come from a faraway city to do business here.
… I understand it now. They didn’t know about our infamous members.
If the townsfolk who knew us were to have learned about this incident, they would be probably be saying, ‘So you guys stirred up trouble again?’.
… I felt like sleeping.
We weren’t escorts, so we didn’t have watch duties.
I told them I was about to retire for the night.
“… All right. Sleeping is fine, but please be ready to get up at any moment.”
I didn’t know why, but Megumin was smiling deviously as she said that.
– Late into the night.
I woke up after hearing a sound.
Someone was on watch, but they didn’t seem to have noticed this sound.
Looking to the side, I saw my comrades sleeping before the fireplace.
I didn’t see Aqua and Darkness, but Megumin and Wiz were still sleeping.
I had a bad feeling about this.
Faint noises could be heard from beyond the carriages that were acting as a barricade.
It would be better to wake everyone up.
“Hey, get up, Megumin. Wiz too, something seems off.”
I shook Megumin’s shoulders.
But Megumin was drooling and sleeping soundly.
“… Hey. Megumin, Wiz, wake up. If you don’t get up, I’ll do something that’ll make you too embarrassed to look at my face for several days. I don’t mind and won’t be troubled if you don’t get up. But with the excuse of waking you up, I won’t hold back. Can you not get up? All right.”
“How can it be all right? What are you planning to do?”
“Uwahhh!”
I jumped because of the sound that came from behind me.
My heart almost came out from my mouth!
“Hey Darkness, don’t scare me like that. Tell me if you’re awake. Any later and you would’ve witnessed something incredible happening before you.
Darkness, who was supposed to be sleeping near me just like Megumin, said:
“… So, you really were planning to do something. No, putting that aside…”
Darkness lowered her voice and watched the surrounding guardedly.
Right now, she looked just like a decent adventurer. That indecent Crusader I saw during the day was nowhere to be found.
… Oh?
I sensed something. My enemy detection skill was tingling.
The person on watch was the thief-like adventurer with us during the day.
His enemy detection skill was probably triggered too and he shouted:
“Hey, something’s coming! Everyone get up!”
When they heard his voice, the adventurers and the caravan party got up in a shock.
Using my Farsight skill, I surveyed the carriages in the dark and found numerous squirming figures.
… What was that, people? But their movement were too stiff for humans.
“Hey, there are lots of them! They’re humanoid in shape but move too slow!”
The people who heard me shouting lighted the tip of their torch with the bonfire to illuminate the outside of the carriages.
The things squirming under the shine of the torches were…
With rotting flesh that gave you goosebumps –
– We could tell within a glance they were the undead monster–zombies.
“Wahhh!”
When they saw the impactful scene through the light of the torches, everybody screamed… Including me.
Darkness, who had taken off her armor, picked up the great sword beside her and stood up.
I handed Megumin, who was still sleeping without a care in the world, to Darkness and said:
“Take care of her! I’ll get Aqua here, this is her time to shine!”
Let’s quietly pay back the debt we owed the caravan during the day.
A lot of people were hurt because of the hawkite Darkness attracted, and the carriages were damaged too.
I was too timid to tell them the incident earlier was our fault, so let’s use this chance to clear the slate.
I looked for Aqua and searched around the area…!
“Wahhh! What’s happening? Why am I surrounded by undead just when I wake up? Kazuma-san! Kazuma-sama!!”
I looked toward the source of the voice and saw Aqua, who was leaning against the carriage, being surrounded by zombies.
Hmm… Hey, wait, could it be…?
“Attacking while I’m sleeping, how dare you undead! Lost souls, rest in peace–Turn Undead!”
With Aqua’s shout, a warm white light spread out.
The people around us were in an uproar when they saw that.
When they were touched by the light emitted by Aqua, the zombie crowd was purified and disappeared…
The ones who witnessed this scene erupted in cheers.
But seeing this scene filled my heart with a certain emotion.
– Guilt.
“Ah, fu, hahaha, count yourselves unlucky to have shown up while this lady’s here! I’ll purify all of you from head to toe!”
With her head high, chest out and illuminated by the bonfire, she looked like a goddess guiding lost souls back to heaven.
I muttered while I watched:
“… Sorry…”
Seeing Aqua continuing to purify the zombies, the crowd was certain of victory and praised her.
“What a beautiful priestess…! She’s just like a goddess!!”
“Ahhh, the zombies are being purified one by one…! This lady’s the comrade of the Crusader who protected us during the day…!”
I’m sorry, I’m sorry.
All my comrades were so regrettable.
“It’s rare for zombies to attack, but luckily that Archpriest-sama is here!”
I apologize! If that goddess of ours wasn’t here, there probably wouldn’t be any zombies congregating here.
“Easy peasy~ How’s that Kazuma? I’m a model goddess! I’ve been actively performing during this trip, right? It’s about time you give me an offering or two!”
It couldn’t be helped since her body type attracted the undead, but I still felt like beating up that girl who was getting so close to me with an arrogant face.
“Ahhh!! Be strong Wiz! Someone… Wiz, she…!”
I thought I heard the panicking voice of Darkness. But at this moment, the leader of the caravan came before me and Aqua.
“Oh, you saved us again! I must give you all a reward this time!”
I’m sorry, but I can’t accept!
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
“Well then, please enjoy your vacation in the city of hot springs! Thank you everyone, you’ve been of great help!”
The leader of the caravan kept nodding and bowing to us.
The city of water and hot springs; Alcanretia.
After our long journey inside the carriage, we finally arrived here.
Even after telling the leader the truth behind the series of monster attacks, he refused to believe me.
He seemed to think that this was a story we made up to refuse his payment.
To reward us in lieu of monetary payment, he gave us five hotel coupons.
He seemed to be the owner of the largest hotel in Alcanretia.
His plan was to head to the next city without stopping.
“Ahhh… Jarippa… Jarippa’s leaving…”
As Megumin saw the carriage off, she mumbled to herself.
There were many adventurers who alighted at this stop along with us. They had already entered the city as Megumin continued to watch the carriage leave until it was completely out of sight.
“What’s a Jarippa?”
Aqua suddenly understood.
“Could it be that baby dragon? Speaking of which, one of the customers that looked rather rich asked Megumin to help them name the dragon.”
… Asking a Crimson Demon to name that dragon.
“I heard that after a dragon’s named, it’ll ignore any other name it’s given…”
Darkness blurted out this important fact out of the blue.
Megumin nodded and was filled with emotions.
“The child seemed satisfied with the name Jarippa. I left the note with the dragon’s name on it. I hope the owner will cherish it dearly.”
This girl, what has she done?
My beloved sword was given a weird name which hurt me deeply too. I deeply sympathize with the owner…
“Can’t you change your hobby of giving things weird names? It’s about time you Crimson Demons understand how weird your naming senses are.”
“I fully understand Kazuma has no naming sense at all. It’s such a pity. Kazuma is a pretty nice name. If Kazuma has children in the future, let me name them.”
“I’ll never let you do that… Wait, what did you say about my name? Is Kazuma a good name by Crimson Demon standards? Hey, that makes me depressed.”
With Wiz on my back, I looked around the city.
Wiz was hit by a Turn Undead cast by some moron and has yet to recover consciousness.
And that moron was shouting excitedly right now.
“We’re finally here! The city of water and hot springs; Alcanretia!”
– City of water and hot springs; Alcanretia.
A city surrounded by water, lying between the clear lakes and the mountains where the hot springs were situated.
All the buildings had the base color of blue, making it look clean and beautiful, full of vigor and life.
The Demon King’s army was rampaging around the world, but it didn’t affect this place at all.
It was said the minions of the Demon King’s army fought in this place before. But after that battle, the Demon King’s army no longer dared to get close to this place.
Some people say that there were too many priests in this city. For the Demon King’s army, waging war against priests was too difficult.
Others say this city was protected by the goddess of water, Aqua.
– There was another saying.
“Welcome to Alcanretia! Are you here for sightseeing? To join the cult? To adventure? For baptism? If you’re looking for a job, please come to the Axis Cult! We have an opening right now to explain how wonderful the Axis Cult is. We are offering some very attractive compensations right now. If you take this job, you’ll get the privilege of calling yourself an Axis cultist! Come, come, come, join us!”
– This city had lots of Axis cultists, and the Demon King’s army didn’t want anything to do with them.
The moment we arrived in this city, we were swarmed by a group that seemed to be Axis cultists.
What should we do? I didn’t expect them to make their recruitment pitch suddenly.
And why did this city have so many Axis cultists?
“What beautiful blue hair! Were you born this way? How enviable! I’m so envious of you! This hagoromo looks like the one Aqua-sama wears, it suits you well too.”
Before I realized it, Aqua was being welcomed passionately by a female cultist.
… Hey, this is bad.
If she said, ‘I’m the goddess herself!’ as usual, she’ll be treated as a hoax and get beaten up.
Megumin and Darkness were intimidated by them and were acting timidly.
Wiz was sleeping on my back, which was lucky for her.
Only Aqua was happily mingling with the crowd with shining eyes, happy about the female cultist praising her looks.
I walked to her side and said softly:
“Hey, don’t tell them you’re the real goddess of water. It’ll get us into big trouble. And don’t use your real name, use an alias.”
“I know that Kazuma, I’m not a dummy. Let’s go tour around! This is the city of water and hot springs; Alcanretia! As the goddess of water, I’m very excited! Most importantly, this is the main base of the Axis Cult!”
“?”
So, this was the rumored headquarters of the cult full of weirdos.
The Axis Cult is an organization that worships the goddess Aqua.
No wonder she wanted to come here so much.
We couldn’t leave the hyped Aqua alone. I had no choice but to bow to the Axis Cultist welcoming us and say:
“Sorry, we already have a priestess from the Axis Cult. We’re here for sightseeing, see you…”
We turned and left after that. The Axis cultist waved behind us with all smiles.
“Is that so? Then farewell comrades! May you have a wonderful day!”
After we finally got out of the encirclement of the Axis cultists, Megumin and Darkness sighed in relief.
How should I put this…?
“Welcome to Alcanretia! After joining the Axis Cult, many believers were cured of their illness, won the lottery and became skilled in their artistic talents! What do you think, want to join us?”
… What a suspicious religious organization.
I looked at the cultist pitching passionately with an indescribable feeling. It seemed that everyone was avoiding them on the streets.
“… An-Anyway, let’s head to the hotel. I feel a bit guilty about this, but since we have the coupons, it’ll be a waste not to use them.”
After I said that, Aqua smiled mischievously.
“Please go on ahead everyone! I’ll go to the headquarters as an Archpriest and receive their worship!”
She said something really unsettling.
You should be looking after Wiz!
“… Kazuma, I’m a bit worried about Aqua, so I’ll accompany her. Can you help us bring our luggage to the hotel?”
Megumin looked worriedly at the excited Aqua.
Indeed, we’ll be dragged into some troublesome matters again if we leave her alone.
Leaving the supervision of Aqua to Megumin, I headed to the hotel with the others.
“Welcome! The master has already informed us about your visit! Please enjoy your stay!”
When we reached the hotel indicated on the coupon, we received a warm welcome.
However, that caravan was attacked by monsters because of us, so my conscience was aching.
As expected of the largest hotel in the city, it looked big.
Such lodgings were usually reserved for nobles.
When I heard it was a hot spring hotel, I thought it would be Japanese style. I didn’t expect it to be western style.
There seemed to be a top class hot spring within this hotel.
The hotel staff received us warmly and carried our luggage to our rooms.
Laying Wiz to rest in a room, I put away the heavy equipment and luggage and immediately went into sightseeing mode. This was the first time I was visiting a city aside from Axel after all.
We asked the hotel staff to tell her we went out if Wiz woke up.
We were a bit worried, but staying around wouldn’t make her wake up any earlier.
The main event would have to wait until evening–when everyone was gathered.
“What about you Darkness? Since we’re here on vacation, I plan to go sightseeing and come back around dinner time.”
“Yeah, I’ll go too. I don’t know cities other than Axel well.”
Darkness, who was in casual attire, smiled.
After putting down my luggage, I decided to tour the city with Darkness.
– As expected of a tourist city, the shops were exceptionally passionate about attracting customers.
Or rather, it was like a war zone.
After glancing at a shop, someone suddenly called out to us.
“Customer, people will doubt your taste if you make purchases in such a cheap shop. Here, these are Arcane buns made from all-natural ingredients by the elves. It matches your high class status, try a sample.”
The voice came from…
A handsome man with long ears, green hair and white skin.
That’s right, it was an elf.
“Hey, don’t be cocky, jerk! Things that are expensive might not be good! Customer, try my special dwarf meat bun. It’s full of meat and will remain edible for a long time, a specialty that gives good value for money!”
The one rebuking the elf angrily was the shopkeeper staring at me.
His height only reached my chest, but he was well developed sideways and had a face full of beard.
What a classic dwarf.
“Elf…! And dwarf…! Hey Kazuma, there are elves and dwarves here! They look just like the stories I heard when I was little.”
“Oh, indeed. The elves were handsome and the dwarves stubborn.”
Darkness shouted like a kid in Disneyland, and I replied to her.
Aside from the fact they were displaying items for sale here, they were the most fantasy-like existence I’ve seen since coming to this world.
The elegant and handsome elves.
Dwarves that were crude in speech, stubborn in nature and had a thick beard.
Seeing the two shop owners moved me a little.
I had seen elves and dwarves from afar before, but this was the first time I was talking to them up close.
I switched my gaze between them with sparkling eyes. However, the pure admiration for this world was misunderstood by them.
“Look what you did, the customer’s confused. He’s just here to look around, and now he is at a loss because you pressured him. Back off, lowly dwarf.”
“Stop your bullshit! The customer wants to browse my wares, he’s troubled because you’re bothering him! He wants to buy my goods, so scram, pale green elf!”
I panicked when the two of them started quarreling.
Speaking of which, I heard the relationship between elves and dwarves had always been bad.
“Hey, don’t fight! Um, I’ll buy from both shops, so it’s fine!”
When they heard what I said, the two of them stopped squabbling and said to me with a smile:
“Thank you for your patronage!”
“– Kazuma, the relationships between elves and dwarves is really bad! It’s just like the book my father gave to me when I was young!”
After leaving the local specialty stores, I listened to Darkness talking with excitement in her eyes.
Although I was forced to buy something, I saw something nice as compensation.
Darkness was happily carrying a lot of bags. This obviously felt like high-pressure sales.
She seemed to be planning to give this as souvenirs to her father and the servants.
She had probably never been away from the city before, so she wanted to buy something back.
“Yup, they give off the feeling of being ‘real elves and dwarves’… Oh , I forgot to ask them about the places we could visit when I bought this stuff.”
We didn’t know anything about this city and didn’t have any place we wanted to visit particularly.
I asked Darkness to wait for me right here and returned to the shop by myself.
However, I didn’t see these two shop owners.
Maybe their shift was over and they were resting?
Hearing voices from the depth of the shop, I peeked in.
There was no doubt that this was the voice of the elf just now.
… Hey, wait, I can hear the voice of the dwarf too.
Could it be…?
“Hey you two, don’t fight–!”
I charged in, thinking they were quarreling inside the shop…!
“Ah, customer. This is the staff break room, non-staff can’t come in.”
The elf said to me lazily, his respectful tone was nowhere to be found.
… No, elf… Elf…?
He probably noticed my gaze, so the elf owner tugged his ears and said:
“Oh, this–let me be clear. I’m a real elf, not a fake.”
Simply put, his ears–were round.
It was indistinguishable from humans.
He sat cross-legged beside the dwarf, a pair of fake ears on his lap.
… By the way, the dwarf also took off his fake beard and was scratching his chin.
“… Eh, what’s going on here?”
I didn’t know what to say. The ‘elf’ and ‘dwarf’ looked at each other.
“Oh, well, elves in the forest don’t live together with humans and so their ears are long. For elves like me who live among humans, there’ll be interracial children over time, so our ears gradually become rounder. But if I say I’m an elf before the customers, they might be surprised or disappointed since it differs from what their impression are. That’s why I dressed up like a pure-blooded elf.”
The elf said.
… What the hell. And I was quite disappointed just now.
Following that, the dwarf continued:
“As for me, having a beard will cause hygiene problems. And I only work in the shop until evening. I prepare meals for the hotel guests in the morning and evening. It would be terrible if the customers complain about finding beard hair in their meal… Ah, are you thinking that we might still be quarreling? Sorry, that fight’s a performance we put on every day. After all, the rumor says that dwarves and elves hate each other, so we made use of that…”
This was like visiting Africa and seeing the natives holding spears, and discovering them playing with mobile phones as we’re about to leave.
It was dumb of me to look for the feeling of fantasy in this world.
The two of them looked at the depressed me with apologetic eyes.
“Ah… Sorry about that, did we break your dreams?”
“Customer, thinking too much isn’t good for your health. There are definitely clumsy dwarves and elves poor in bowmanship in this world.”
“Hey, hey, are you referring to me?”
The two of them laughed.
… This world was too damn evil.
It couldn’t be helped if the illusion was seen through, more importantly–
“Forget it, I won’t ask for a refund or anything. Can you tell me about some sightseeing spots to visit? I’m here to ask that.”
Both looked at each other.
“Sightseeing spot… Eh, there was a wonderful hot spring earlier…”
“Yup, it would’ve been great if you came earlier…”
“…? I thought there were hot springs everywhere. This is the city of hot springs, after all.”
After hearing my query, the elf wagged his finger.
“I’m talking about the mixed gender hot springs popular among the young ladies.”
“Are you for real?”
I leaned forward. The dwarf added:
“Of course, it’s true. We relax there after work every day.”
… What a wonderful hot spring, why couldn’t it be visited now?
Noticing my question, the elf answered.
“Actually, the water quality of hot springs everywhere is dropping.”
… The water quality’s dropping?
“That is so, some of the customers even fell sick and developed rashes after going to the hot springs… Some even fainted. Experts have already been hired to investigate why the quality of the hot spring water is going down, but it’s still unclear…”
… I looked at the frowning dwarf.
And had the ominous feeling that I might get dragged into something troublesome.
“– How was it? Any good places to visit?”
When I returned to Darkness, I remembered the reason why I returned to the shop in the first place.
I forgot my original objective after hearing about the mixed gender hot spring.
“An-Anyway, let’s tour around there.”
I suggested, and Darkness tilted her head in confusion.
– Holding the kebabs that I bought from the street stall, I walked around aimlessly with Darkness and gawked at the scenery.
The city was clean and surrounded by water.
Judging from this point alone, this seemed to be a great city to live in.
… Suddenly, a young girl carrying something heavy appeared before me.
I unconsciously gave way to her, planning to go past her from the side when–
“Oh? What should I do, the apples I bought…!”
The moment I passed by her, the lady suddenly lost balance, spilling all her groceries out.
She picked up the apples on the ground and stuffed it into the bag.
Darkness and I helped her pick up the dropped items…
“Thank you very much! You’ve been of great help! Can both of you allow me to repay your kindness…?
The girl casually tossed her groceries she cherished so strongly and held my hand.
Eh, could it be that kind of flag…?
As I was hoping for a teen romance sort of development, she said–
“There’s a cafe set up by the Axis Cult ahead, want to head there and chat with me?”
“… Forget it.”
The girl grabbed my cloak as I turned to leave with Darkness.
“No need to hurry, I might look like this, but I’m actually great at fortune telling. Let me tell your fortune to repay you.”
“No, no need… I’m good, let… Let go!”
The moment I shook the hand on my cloak off, the girl tackled my waist.
“The fortune telling results are out! Misfortune will befall you if you continue like this! However, you can avoid misfortune by joining the Axis Cult! Come join us! How can you not join?”
“I’m already meeting with misfortune right now! Let me go! Help me Darkness!”
Darkness grabbed the hand of the girl on my waist.
And pulled out a small amulet from her chest.
That should be the amulet of Eris devotees.
Maybe it was the same as the cross of Christians in the old world.
“Sorry, I belong to the Eris Church. Please stop coercing this man.”
“Pui!”
The girl spat to the side of the road.
She quietly released her hand, took her shopping bags and left in a puff.
The sheltered lady who had never been treated so rudely stood there stiffly. The girl turned back after taking two steps and–
“… Pui!”
She spat at the side of the road once again and walked away angrily.
Hey…
“Hey Darkness, um… How should I put this? The Axis Cult and Eris Church seem to be on bad terms, so keep that amulet hidden… And don’t take this matter to heart…”
I consoled Darkness who just stood there stiffly.
“… Ugh…”
Darkness groaned softly and trembled.
……
“… Could it be that you’re enjoying this?
“… No.”
– As we walked along the deserted street, a menacing looking man and a frail girl appeared before us.
“Hya! Save me! You two over there, please help me! This man who’s probably an Eris devotee wants to drag me to a deserted corner…!”
“Hehe, do you happen to be an Axis cultist? Hahaha! If I see a strong and handsome Axis cultist, I’ll run away. Since you aren’t, I’ll proceed unhesitantly! If you want to stop me, who has been blessed by the dark goddess Eris, you’ll regret it!”
“Ahhh, why’s this happening to me! If someone signs this blank cult registration form, this evil Eris devotee will run away–!”
……
I pretended to not see anything and was about to pull Darkness to leave with me…
“Ahhh, are the two of you leaving me to die? It’ll be fine, just sign here and you’ll receive special powers from Aqua-sama and become powerful and cool! The Eris devotees will run in fear from this power!”
“That’s right! And after joining the cult, you’ll gain incredible abilities like ‘art and craft master’ and ‘attract undead monsters’ easily!”
Darkness took out her amulet before these two.
“As you can see, I’m a follower of Eris. Defaming Eris-sama as a dark goddess before me is–”
“Pui!”
Before Darkness could even finish, the girl and man spat on the roadside and left together.
… Was there anyone decent in the Axis Cult?
Darkness stood wordlessly in place and trembled again.
… Were all Eris devotees just like this girl?
– After that.
“Congratulations! You’re the one millionth person to pass through this street! Allow me to present you with a memento! This memento is sponsored by the Axis Cult! To collect this memento, you have to join the cult as a formality–you just need to write it on paper, would that be fine?”
I pulled Darkness with me and was about to go back the way we came.
“… Hmm? Hmm? Long time, no see! It’s me, it’s me! How’ve you been? I was in the same class as you back in school, don’t you remember? I changed a lot after joining the Axis Cult, no wonder you can’t recognize me~”
I’ve never been to school in this world and never been close to any woman, so I silently walked past her.
“… What’s with this city, or rather–what’s wrong with the Axis Cult?”
Tired after being tortured by Axis cultists, Darkness and I rested in an open-air cafe.
Due to the Eris amulet on her neck, Darkness was treated terribly. Right now, her face was still red.
While I laid on the table to rest, the server brought the items we ordered to us.
She placed the drinks on our table one by one.
I propped myself up and prepared myself to eat…
“Ah, Eris devotee customer, this is the special service from this shop.”
The server who brought us the stuff placed something by Darkness’s feet.
… It was dog food served in a plate.
“Please enjoy yourselves!”
The waitress gave a perfect professional smile and left elegantly.
Darkness’s cheeks turned red and she kept on shivering.
“… Hey Kazuma, let’s stay in this city forever.”
“… No.”
After finishing our meal, I dragged the blushing Darkness back to the hotel.
How should I put it, this city was too weird?
… As we were on our way to return, a young girl ran towards us in a hurry.
She was about ten years old.
She fell in front of us.
Darkness and I rushed to her in a hurry. She struggled and said while resisting the pain–
“Ah… Thank you, Onii-chan, Onee-chan…”
– She smiled weakly.
My tortured soul was healed by her smile.
“Are you okay? Be careful next time, can you stand?”
I offered a hand to the little girl as I spoke. The girl grabbed my hand happily.
Her smile was so pure. Ah, I’m being healed.
“Uhmm, I’m fine! Thank you! … Hey, kind Onii-chan, can you tell me your name?”
“Kazuma, Satou Kazuma. This scary looking Onee-chan here is Darkness.”
Darkness used her hands to poke my temples immediately.
After hearing my name, the little girl took out a pen and paper.
“Sa–tu– Ka–za–mah? How’s it spelled? Please write it down for me Onii-chan.”
“Okay, my name is…”
As I was going to write my name down, I saw the header on the piece of paper.
‘Axis Cult Registration Form’.
“Fuck you!”
“Onii-chan–!!”
I tore that piece of paper in half.
Axis Cult.
Hidden in the shadows of the national religion, it had a poor reputation everywhere aside from this city.
But their presence was strong. I heard that if you met robbers while traveling, just claiming to be from the Axis Cult would make them run away.
That was how feared Axis cultists were.
It’s said that even the Demon King’s army was afraid of them.
– Right now, I’m…
“Hey! Get me the person in charge! I’ll teach you all a lesson!”
I charged into the church headquarters of the Axis Cult with a roar.
“Oh, how may I help you? Joining us? Baptism? Or… Do. It. With. Me?”
Inside the church was a female cultist that was sweeping the floor.
There was no one else around except for her.
“Do, do what…?”
“Don’t be shy, I’m just kidding. Why would a girl you just met say that? Is there something wrong with your head?”
What should I do, I felt like giving her a punch.
“How may I assist you? The leading priest Zesta-sama and the other cultists are busy playing around under the guise of spreading the cult… No, they’re busy spreading the holy name of Aqua-sama. If you’re looking for them, please come another day…”
“Hey, you said something incredible just now. You’re causing so much trouble just to have fun?… Forget that for now, did you happen to see a female mage with an eye-patch and an Archpriest with blue hair? They’re my teammates.”
The female cultist said as she continued sweeping:
“Oh, so you’re a teammate of that great person. Your two teammates are inside.”
Inside? What are the two of them doing in a place like this?
The female cultist tilted her head and said:
“By the way, your comrade there… The kids are throwing stones at her, will it be fine to leave her like this?”
“Hmm? … Ah! Hey, brats! What are you doing? Shoo, go away!”
Darkness was sitting down at the entrance of the church with her head in her arms. The children were throwing rocks at her.
I chased the kids away in a hurry.
“Ka-Kazuma… I think this city’s the best… Everyone, even the women and children glare at me as if I’m an enemy…! I’m going to lose it…!”
“Sigh, you better not wander around on the streets. You create way too much trouble. And put that Eris amulet away.”
“I refuse.”
I dragged the Eris devotee that wouldn’t listen to my advice and entered the church again.
The female cultist gestured to a small room in the church with her eyes.
It was a small house in a corner of the church.
I see, so that was the so-called confession room?
“One of your teammates is in there. All the priests in the church are out right now, so this Archpriest is covering for them and hearing confessions.”
A real goddess listening to confessions. I’ve never heard of something like that before.
“Kazuma, I’ll search for Megumin. I’ll leave Aqua to you.”
Darkness ventured into the depths of the church after saying that.
… The moment Darkness passed by the female cultist sweeping the floor, the cultist swept all the trash she gathered onto Darkness.
Darkness stopped as she stepped on the dust and trash with a blushed face.
“Oh, I beg your pardon. I saw the Eris amulet and thought it was trash, sorry about that.”
“… No, no, it’s fine…”
Darkness kept trembling as if she was enduring something as she squeezed out a sentence. The depraved Eris devotee wandered into the depths of the church.
Seeing her figure disappear into the distance, I hurried into the confession room. I really didn’t want anything to do with the cultists anymore.
The door to the confession room was locked and I couldn’t go in.
There was no answer even when I knocked.
Was she sleeping?
I had no choice but to enter the space where the one making the confession was supposed to be in.
The moment I went in, what I heard was–
“Welcome, lost sheep… Come, confess your sins, the goddess will listen to you and grant you compassion…”
Taken in by the atmosphere in the confession room, Aqua was acting in character.
She seemed to take a liking to this job after hearing a few confessions.
I couldn’t see her face because of the screen, but I could imagine her excited face easily.
“Sheep your head, it’s me! Hey, what’s up with this city? It makes my head hurt. I can’t even sightsee properly. Aren’t they your believers? Can’t you do something about this?”
After hearing what I said, Aqua turned silent for a moment…
“… I see, this is the ‘It’s me, it’s me’ scam… Please repent seriously and deeply. The merciful lady Aqua will definitely forgive your sins…”
“Hey, I already said it’s me. Why are you still telling me nonsense? What, are you enjoying this? You’re tickled that you get to do something priestly for once, aren’t you?”
When I said that, Aqua was quiet for a short while.
“Do you have anything else to confess? If not, please leave this room and live a forthright life…”
“Hey, haven’t you played enough? Listen to me! Aren’t you one of those Archpriests that are revered around here? The problem will be solved if you give the word, so go ask them to buck up!”
And Aqua quieted down again…
“I think you have nothing else to confess… Well then, I’ll wait for the next sheep to come… Please leave.”
“Hey, what are you talking about…? You’re chasing me out…?”
“I said leave! If your confession’s done, then get the hell out!”
This scumbag, receiving just a little bit of gratitude made her so happy that she turned cocky.
Why was she so easily influenced?
……
I sat on the chair once again, made a deeply repentant face and said:
“… Actually… I have something I need to tell you, priestess-sama.”
“? I’ll listen, I’ll listen! Here, here! I’ll share your confession, so repent! Do you have an unhealthy interest in your Crusader teammate’s underwear? Or the urge to plunge your nose into your mage companion’s black hair and sniff hard? Or the sins of treating your beautiful and elegant priestess comrade so crudely, even though you’re just a hikikomori?”
I said clearly to the excited Aqua:
“Actually, I accidentally broke the glass my priestess teammate used for party tricks. I repaired it with rice and put it back secretly.”
“?”
“… Also, she was bragging after getting her hands on some rare, fine wines, so I wondered just how nice they were and tried a little… But it was too tasty, so I finished it all. I know she can’t appreciate wine, so I filled the empty wine bottles with cheap wine.”
“? What are you saying, Kazuma? Hey, what is all this about?”
My confession continued.
“… That priestess caused me too much trouble… So, before I came to this city, I secretly posted a request in the adventurer’s guild to look for a new priestess of the Eris church.”
“Wahhh! You renegade, taste my holy wrath!”
Aqua opened the screen in the confession room and pounced on me–!
“– Really, calm down. I was just joking. Anyway, Darkness and I got a headache dealing with these cultists. There’s no way we can tour around in peace like this. They’re your devotees, right? So rein them in.”
Aqua retreated back to the other side of the confession room.
After finally calming the crying Aqua down, I stayed together with her in that room.
“It can’t be helped. This is the first time I’m facing my believers face to face… Anyway, you were lying about searching for a new priestess, right?”
“Leaving the first two aside, the last one’s a lie, so don’t worry.”
“Hey, hold it! Did you just say, ‘Leaving the first two aside’?”
… Suddenly, there was knocking on the door to the confession room.
Hey, are you kidding me, someone was here for a confession?
The door opened with a creak, and the sound of someone entering the room on the other side could be heard.
I poked Aqua who was sitting on the floor, then pointed to the floor and then myself.
“Is it fine for me to be here?”
That’s what my gesture meant. Aqua had a serious face–crossing her finger and gesturing at the screen as if she were saying, ‘Look over there’.
Before my eyes–the fingers formed a shadow because of the light. I knew what it was with a glance–that moving shadow was the Destroyer…!
Ah! This idiot, she didn’t understand what I meant!
“Welcome, lost sheep… Come, confess your sins; the goddess will listen to you and grant you forgiveness…”
As I was about to leave the room, Aqua, who was satisfied after showing me her shadow play, calmly announced to the person who came for a confession.
Hey…!
“Ah…. Please, please, hear my confession! I’ve been in the Axis Cult for a very long time and fervently worship Aqua-sama. But…! The drawing of goddess Eris, and those bountiful breasts… They’re enticing me! Those are the breasts of the devil! Ahhh… Please, please, forgive me for the sin of lusting over another goddess…!”
Don’t run here for a confession whenever you run into a boring problem–that thought welled up in me, and I had the urge to charge into the room next door to beat that guy up. What should I do?
However, Aqua kept a straight face and said gently:
“Don’t worry, the goddess will forgive all your sins. Thou, give in to your love to big breasts. Thou, give in to your love to small breasts. The Axis Cult is a cult that accepts everything. Be it homosexuals, animal ear lovers, lolicons, or NEET; as long as it isn’t undead or devils, if there’s love and it’s not a crime, the goddess will grant compassion to all.”
I felt Aqua glancing towards me when she said NEETs.
“Ohhh… Ahhh…”
The voice of the person confessing was trembling with emotion.
From this voice, he was probably about to cry.
“Thou sincere cultist, I’ll bestow you with a holy incantation that will spare you from the clutches of the devil. ‘Eris pads her chest’–whenever you feel lost again, just repeat this incantation. If you see someone troubled like you, do tell them this too.”
“Eris pads her chest… I, I feel like my eyes have been opened! Thank you for your wonderful incantation, thank you very much!”
The person who came for a confession left while thanking Aqua profusely.
“… Hey Aqua, you’re slandering your junior. Is that really adequate for a goddess?”
“What are you talking about? For a goddess, the beliefs from the devotees are very important. It’ll directly affect the power of the goddess. Eris has a lot of devotees, while my believers are fewer in numbers but stronger in their belief. I’m willing to do anything to protect my precious cultists.”
You, you…
– When we exited from the confession room, Darkness brought the worn out Megumin to us.
“Kazuma… You’re finally here…”
“Hey, what happened, you look really pale.”
Megumin shook her head gently.
“This is like the home of the devils, let’s leave right now. I want to get away as soon as possible.”
“What… What in the world happened?”
I was really concerned and kept asking, but she was unwilling to answer.
However, from the huge amount of cult registration forms stuffed into all her pockets and gaps between her clothes, everything became clear.
“Are you going back already, Archpriest-sama? Want to visit the hot spring reserved for our cultists? This is the main source of income for the Axis Cult, the best hot spring in the city. Using it will improve your health.”
The lone female cultist watching over the church tried to persuade Aqua who was going back with us to stay.
“Oh, that’s a great idea. What does everybody think, want to go together?”
“I want to return to the hotel and rest… And for some reason, Chomusuke’s very afraid of this church. Could it be this child hates churches?”
“I’m going back too. There’s no telling what troubles there’ll be when the other Axis cultists return. Let’s go back, I had enough for today.”
After Megumin and Darkness expressed their thoughts, they looked at me who had not yet spoken.
They were asking for my opinion.
“Is there a mixed bath here?”
“You’ll receive divine retribution for saying something so despicable in a holy church.”
… After hearing what the female cultist said, I decided to return for the day.
Back in the hotel, we found the revived Wiz relaxing her warm body.
“Ah, welcome back everyone! Sorry for making everyone worry. I’ve already bathed and the staff told me where the mixed bath is. It’s much wider there. And there was no one there at all, as if I had booked the whole place for myself.”
… The mixed bath was wider?
… Hmm, her body was still emitting heat and she said she just bathed, so that means–
Wait, now that I thought about it… If Aqua hadn’t pull that confession stunt, I would have…!
“So, did everyone have fun sightseeing…? Kazuma-san, what’s the matter?”
“Ahhh, ten minutes… At least five minutes earlier and… No, no, no, I didn’t say anything!… Eh, nothing happened during our sightseeing today… I don’t want to leave the hotel tomorrow; this city’s weird.”
“The Axis cultists are too scary. I understand now why people say they’re as scary as the Crimson Demons.”
Megumin and I said tiredly. But Darkness–
“I-I plan to tour around tomorrow, too…”
“You, you really… Sigh. Do what you want, I’m going to take a bath.”
I had no words for Darkness who wanted to walk around the streets by herself. I stood up and prepared to go to the bath.
I needed to return to my room to get my underwear.
As I was the only man in the team, I had to stay in a separate room from them.
“… I’m going to bathe now.”
“I heard you, take your time.”
“I already bathed, so please take your time Kazuma-san.”
Megumin and Wiz replied.
I looked at Darkness and said once more–
“… I’m going to b–”
“Just go.”
Darkness said coldly.
– After leaving their room, I took my underwear and came to the hotel’s hot spring.
It was a bit lonely since no one came with me, but I expected it from the beginning.
That’s right, the main event for today was only beginning.
There were three entrances before me.
From right to left were the men, mixed, and female hot springs.
I chose the middle entrance by instinct without any hesitation.
Since this was a mixed bath, I didn’t need to feel shy. So, I just headed right in….
When I entered, I saw a basket with clothes inside.
Which meant there was someone in here.
Calm down, I need to calm down. It was uncertain if the one inside was a woman.
I forced myself to cool down, took off my clothes, and, with my heart thumping in my chest, entered the mixed bath.
… At this moment, I heard someone talking from the mixed bath.
“That damn cult’s finally going to be destroyed. The work in destroying the secret hot spring is now complete; the progress in the other hot spring is also proceeding smoothly. Now, we just need to wait. For us who have long lifespans, waiting a decade or two’s no big deal.”
The classic antagonist speech of a man plotting schemes could be heard–
These lines are often heard in movies and manga.
He just said, ‘That damn cult’s finally going to be destroyed.’
He was probably referring to the Axis Cult.
He then said:
‘For us who have long lifespans, waiting a decade or two’s no big deal.’
From this, I can conclude that something inhuman was planning to destroy the Axis Cult.
… I’ll make it clear. I didn’t want to be involved in any troublesome matters.
And I had another idea too.
Wouldn’t it be better if the Axis Cult was destroyed?
Fortunately, although I wasn’t using skills to hide myself, they didn’t notice my presence.
I’ll just pretend that I never heard about this and try to get away before I get dragged in. I put on the clothes I took off…
“Hans, you don’t need to report such things one by one, I’ve already said this plenty of times. I’m here to recover using the hot springs, so don’t drag me in too.”
When I heard the female voice, I immediately took off my clothes that were already halfway on.
“Hey, don’t say that Wolbach. This is a great chance to destroy the cult we have no chance of defeating head on. I’ll come here to report periodically, so you have to keep visiting the hot spring in this hotel.”
I wrapped a towel around my waist, headed towards the screen door, and opened it.
“?”
The sudden sound of the door opening startled the two inside.
There were a man and a woman in the bath.
The man wasn’t in the water; he had a towel around his waist and knelt with one knee beside the woman.
He was tall and well-built, with short brown hair. He had a surprised expression when he saw me.
That was the person who was plotting some scheme.
However, it didn’t matter to me.
I looked to the other side and saw the woman, who seemed a bit nervous, soaking in the hot spring.
She was an Onee-san with short red hair.
She had a great figure. A beauty with large breasts, and yellow pupils that looked like a cat’s.
I was charmed. At this moment, the man whispered to the woman.
“Did he hear what we said…?”
“No idea… And he’s staring at me…”
After hearing their discussion, I came to my senses.
No, no. This might be a mixed bath, but staring at the body of a lady was still rude.
And so, I nonchalantly walked towards the bath and prepared to clean my body.
I started showering before the eyes of the two of them.
… I was too conscious of that Onee-san and glanced at her every now and then.
I really couldn’t help it. I’m a young healthy boy after all, so this was normal.
“… Hey, he seems to be only looking at me. What’s going on…?”
“… Eh, well… He doesn’t seem to have heard what we discussed. That isn’t a suspicious gaze, but one filled with curiosity.”
Maybe I was mistaken, but after I heard him say that, the Onee-san seemed to be hiding her body deeper into the hot spring.
That man said something unnecessary…!
After my shower, I kept a distance from the two of them and entered the hot spring.
It had nothing to do with me.
Even though I did hear about their conspiracy, I didn’t need to be sneaky about it.
And looking at another person’s naked body is normal in a mixed bath. I didn’t do anything wrong.
That’s why I’m staring right at her without hiding it.
“Hey, hey, this is…”
“It… It’s better than being suspected by him. Ah, I have something to do, so I’ll make a move first!”
After saying that, the man left in a hurry.
… I suddenly realized that the man wasn’t wet at all.
I didn’t care what scheme they were plotting, but soaking in the hot spring wasn’t a bad idea.
Or did he have some reason as to why he wouldn’t take a dip in the hot spring?
… Crap, not good. Today, I’m just here for the hot spring.
Who they were and what they were planning was none of my business.
After the man named Hans left, the atmosphere inside the hot spring turned awkward.
What should I do? I’m getting nervous.
The two of us were alone now, so it was awkward to stare at her like that.
I stretched my body in the hot spring and exhaled deeply.
“… Um, you don’t seem to be a resident of this city. Are you here on vacation?”
The Onee-san suddenly spoke to me.
It seemed that the atmosphere on the other side was awkward too.
“You could say it’s a vacation. I’m here with my teammates to enjoy the hot springs.”
After she heard me, the Onee-san sighed softly.
“What a coincidence… I’m here for the hot spring too. But you seem so young… why are you here? To recuperate through the hot spring? Are you injured?”
“That’s correct. I might look this way, but I’m an adventurer. After a fight to the death with a powerful adversary, my neck suffered a serious injury. You could say this is like a badge of honour for men.”
The Onee-san laughed in response.
“As for me… While I was fighting my other half, I couldn’t snatch my powers back completely. So, to recover my original powers, I’m here for therapeutic hot spring baths.”
She said something incredible like a joke.
“I think the mage in my team will be excited if you tell her that.”
“Hahaha, is your teammate a Crimson Demon? I wonder how that Crimson Demon girl’s doing. I even taught her magic… I won’t need to take a bath in the hot spring if I find my other half. However, it won’t be so easy to do so.”
The Onee-san sighed deeply. I felt that her joke seemed a little bit too real.
“Well then, it’s about time I return… Also, maybe it’s better if you don’t visit the hot springs here anymore.”
After saying something confusing, the Onee-san went to get out of the water…
“… Ah, um. Can you please not watch my defenseless body when I get out…”
“Don’t mind me.”
When the Onee-san who was preparing to get up heard what I said, she made a hapless expression.
Couldn’t be helped then.
I turned around. The Onee-san said, ‘Thank you’ softly.
“Sigh… Such a wonderful hot spring city, and such a waste. I’ll have to search for a new place to recuperate…”
After leaving the hot spring, she said something confounding.
– I was left alone in the bath, thinking about the conversation between the Onee-san and that man.
‘That damn cult’s finally going to be destroyed.’
The Onee-san even told me it would be better not to visit the hot springs here anymore.
I didn’t know why she was telling me this, but I think the Onee-san meant well.
That was to say, the source of the Axis Cult’s fortune–these hot springs–were being sabotaged by someone.
As someone who knew about the conspiracy, it wasn’t right to ignore this. But I have no intention of getting involved…
Or rather… I really, really, didn’t want to be dragged into trouble anymore.
… That’s right, I’m here solely to have fun, so I’ll pretend I didn’t hear anything this time.
As I was running away from the truth.
“Woah! The hot spring in our hotel is huge, as expected of a high class hotel! This is big enough for a swim!”
“Hey, Megumin, it’s poor etiquette to swim… Hey, what are you doing? The towel is… Ahhh!”
“This isn’t a mixed bath, so why are you being so shy? Adventurers have to take on dirty jobs all the time, so how can you be so squirmy!”
“No, that way of putting it is too weird! Megumin, you’re too bold! Ahhh, not my towel…!”
Familiar voices could be heard from the female bath.
Megumin was apparently stripping Darkness’s towel.
Good, good, continue–I wanted to say that, but I couldn’t see anything and had to imagine it.
I unconsciously swam to the side near the female bath.
The female and mixed bath were only separated by a wall, and the top was open.
By piling things like buckets together, it would be easy to peek over the other side.
However, I wouldn’t do such things. I’m a gentleman.
Hearing a ‘Hya!’ scream and being hit by a flying bucket… ending things so cordially was only possible in a manga.
This was reality. If I peek at them, they wouldn’t hesitate in calling the police.
The sound of people entering the bath could be heard from the other side.
“Phew… It’s great to soak in a hot spring occasionally. I only wanted to drag the lazy Kazuma out and let him grind levels by fighting the undead Aqua would attract. It seems that choosing this place was the right move.”
Wait, what did you…?
“So that was why you told him to come here and recuperate in the hot springs. It’s true… If we had continued staying in Axel, he would’ve never agreed on participating in quests. What kind of man is he anyway? He’s conservative and timid, but doesn’t care about the status of others and has a strong attitude against the nobles… He gets chased around by frogs, but has the guts to fight the boss of the Demon King’s army. Rather than strange, he’s a confounding guy.”
“Shhh! Darkness, don’t say anymore. The mixed bath is on the other side. Given the choice of the male bath and a mixed bath, which one do you think Kazuma would choose?”
“Definitely mixed bath. That coward always holds back at the crucial moment. However, when he has a legal choice, he’ll openly choose the mixed bath.”
I felt like going over to beat them up.
But what they said was true, and I was indeed inside the mixed bath.
I didn’t know if Megumin and Darkness realized my dilemma when they suddenly shouted.
“Kazuma! You’re there, right? You must be sticking your ear against the wall and imagining which part of the body Darkness washes first and panting in excitement, right?”
“Me-Megumin! Why are you dragging me into this…? Hey Kazuma, you heard that, right? I know you’re there!”
The two of them started talking to me, but I didn’t have any obligation to tell them I was here.
I won’t be ticked off just because they saw through how I would act.
… I won’t be ticked off…
I kept quiet. After a while, I could hear them debating softly.
“That’s strange, is he not there? But that’s impossible…”
“Eh… But no one’s answering…”
I continued staying silent in the end…
“It seems Kazuma’s really not there. That makes me feel guilty for suspecting Kazuma. I’ll nonchalantly treat him to some fruit juice later.”
“True, that was rude of me. We were blinded by our prejudice of him.”
The two of them seemed to be reflecting on their actions.
“Anyway, he’s rather dependable. I have to repent on suspecting him…”
“That’s right. He might be like that, but he’s a man who’ll help when his comrades are really in danger. Aside from not being straightforward sometimes, his personality isn’t bad. I should reflect on myself…”
I felt embarrassed just listening to that.
After they take their bath, I’ll nonchalantly treat them to something.
As I was preparing to leave the bath–
“By the way Megumin, it has been bothering me… Your buttocks there…”
“Hey, even if you’re the one saying that… I won’t forgive you if you go on!”
“Hey…! Wait…!”
With the sound of splashing, the water from the hot spring next door flew to this side.
“Really! What’s with this pair of lecherous things? If you can spare the effort to notice my butt, why don’t you keep those large things of yours away?”
“Ahhh! Wait! Me-Megumin, stop…! No, not there, ahhh…!”
– I was about to leave because of my guilty conscience, but returned to my original spot.
And as a precaution, I activated Hide and placed my ear against the wall…!
“Now!”
“Pu!”
“Shya?”
My temple that was rested against the wall was hit by something, and I fell into the hot spring.
Darkness smashed through the wall with her powerful punch.
“What did I tell you? This man’s definitely here!”
“As I expected! My guess was spot on, he always looks at me with such lecherous eyes! How could that man full of lust not be in the mixed bath!”
I nursed my head painfully as I listened to the two of them boost their victory.
No mercy!
“Create Water!”
“Hyaaa!!”
I cast water magic at the top edge of the wall.
The two of them were splashed with water and screamed.
To counter attack, they threw all sorts of things over from the other side.
Soap, shampoo, buckets, and Chomusuke.
“Hey! Don’t throw the cat over! It almost fell into the water!”
“That child hate baths, and I’m scratched all over after bathing it. As compensation for eavesdropping, give it a bath!”
Megumin said without mercy.
The cat in my arms was probably terrified of water, as it grabbed tightly onto my hand. That hurts!
It must be hard on you to have such a weird owner…
Since my existence was known, there was no need to hide anymore.
“Hey, it’s such a rare occasion to visit a hot spring. Why can’t we go in together like a family? I’ve already bathed with the two of you before, so you won’t feel shy about it now, right?”
“That man always treats us like a burden, and will only spout nonsense about being companions at a time like this!”
“I can’t tell if you’re a jerk or a lecherous pervert anymore!”
– I left the noisy bath and went back by myself.
“That… That’s so mean! I…! I didn’t do anything…! I only visited the bath!”
“Aqua-sama, how terrible… Um, please don’t cry anymore! When your tears touch my skin, it starts tingling. It hurts…”
After that, I met Aqua, who was weeping in Wiz’s arms.
“What is it now? Today’s a bad day, trouble keeps coming one after another!”
“What do you mean by bad day? What trouble? Why are you blaming everything on me?”
Aqua suddenly raised her head and snapped at me.
“Um… Aqua-sama went to the secret hot spring of the Axis Cult, and the hot spring there turned into normal warm water. After that…”
“They chased me out! But I’m a goddess! Why must I be chased out of the church worshiping me? That’s too horrible!”
By the way, this girl would purify water just by touching it.
“And…! The thing that made me angry was when I told the hot spring manager, ‘Sorry for turning the hot spring into warm water, but it can’t be helped since I’m the goddess Aqua herself!’, the manager… The manager, he… He laughed with a, ‘Pfft’!… I’m the goddess! That’s me!”
Aqua started wailing again as Wiz patted her head to console her.
I looked straight at Aqua.
“… Pfft.”
“Waaahhh!!”
“Kazuma-san!
The restaurant of the hotel was situated on the first level.
“This city’s crisis appears to be serious.”
As we were enjoying a healthy and delicious breakfast, Aqua said these dumb words.
What do you mean by, ‘Crisis is serious’, can’t you speak English?
“You’ve been acting this way ever since you cried the whole night. Aren’t your body traits the most dangerous thing for this city? Don’t you dare use any other hot spring except for the one that comes along with the room.”
Aqua slammed her hand on the table.
“Listen to me! I didn’t purify the hot spring because I wanted to! Even if you pour all the high-quality shower foam Darkness was keeping in the bathroom into the bath water, I can purify it in an instant. It’s normal for me to purify a hot spring.”
“What? You used all the shower foam? They were luxury items I ordered from the capital!”
Aqua ignored the crying Darkness and continued.
“But this is weird; I took a really long time to purify the secret hot spring of the Axis Cult. My purification power is beyond amazing… For example, …”
After saying that, Aqua poked her index finger into the coffee cup I was about to drink.
The black coffee turned into clear warm water in an instant.
Aqua tilted her head slightly under everybody’s gaze.
“… You see?”
“You see?! What are you doing? Get me a new cup of coffee!
Aqua licked the finger she dipped into my coffee and said to me as I placed the cup full of warm water onto the table:
“As you can see, I only need an instant to purify it. However, it took really long that time. This must mean that the hot spring was heavily polluted… I heard the water quality in all the hot springs was turning worse, right? That means the threat my Axis Cult will face isn’t a direct assault from the Demon King’s army, but a strike against the Axis Cult’s source of income–the hot springs!”
“Is that so? How amazing.”
“Believe me! I’m telling the truth!”
Darkness and Megumin gave a perfunctory reply. Aqua hit the table again from frustration.
The two of them were confused by Aqua.
“Anyway, it’s just the water quality of a few hot springs turning bad, right? Why would you link it to the Demon King’s army?”
“Indeed, the Axis Cult is weird, does dumb things, and is unpopular with people, but the Demon’s King army won’t do something so troublesome because of that, right?”
… Troublesome things.
Damn it, the man I met in the bath last night was certainly a minion of the Demon King.
He did say something about sabotaging the cult’s hot springs.
It was good that Aqua was taking precautions, but…
What do I do, should I tell everyone about this?
If I do so, it would definitely cause trouble for me.
If we report it to the adventurer’s guild in this city, they would ask for our assistance.
Our vacation would be ruined, and we would be forced to fight against people related to the Demon King’s army.
My instinct told me that the two I met in the bath last night were strong.
Just a single person is sabotaging the hot springs of the Axis Cult’s headquarters, and the other one was boldly using those hot springs.
A weak adventurer who fell from a tree and died during a fight with low level monsters was no match for them.
“I’ll fight to defend this city! I hope everyone can give me a hand!”
“I need to go sightseeing, I don’t have time for this.”
“I experienced how scary Axis cultists are already, so I’ll pass this time. I’ll follow Kazuma today.”
Megumin gave a straight rejection.
“Why? Something like sightseeing can be done any other day! Megumin too? Don’t hate my devotees! Hey, Darkness…”
“Eh… I, um… Well…”
“Pleaseee!”
“All right, all right, I’ll go! I’ll accompany you, all right! Don’t purify my grape juice!”
Seeing Darkness giving in to Aqua reluctantly, I remembered something.
“Hey, is Wiz still sleeping? Wiz can’t handle you at all, but she’ll follow if you tell her to.”
“Oh, after held onto Wiz and cried the entire night, I found her on the verge of dying because of my tears. She’s recuperating in bed right now.”
“Save Wiz first before you try and save the city! Wiz has been sleeping most of this trip because of you!”
After seeing Aqua dragging Darkness and setting off, Megumin and I thought about what to do next.
Even though we wanted to sightsee, there wasn’t anything fun in this hot spring city.
If we wandered around aimlessly, we would be ‘persuaded’ to join the cult by all kinds of people.
As I was troubled over what to do, Megumin tugged my sleeve.
“If there’s no good place to go, let’s head outside to cast Explosion.”
“We are on vacation, let’s take a break from that.”
In Axel, Megumin’s daily Explosion was already a fixture in the town, so there wasn’t much of an issue. However, if we were to cast explosion magic close to this city, the nosy residents would stir unrest.
This could be easily solved by going far enough from the city.
After I agreed to accompany her to cast Explosion, Megumin sucked on her fruit juice happily.
“Good morning… Ughh, everyone’s up so early…”
Appearing together with a lazy voice was Wiz, whose face was exceptionally pale and devoid of life.
“Good morning, are you feeling better? I heard you almost disappeared because of Aqua.”
“Yes, I even saw my teammates from my time as an adventurer waving at me from the other side of the river, shouting, ‘Don’t come over’… But I made it through in the end.”
Wiz casually said something frightening.
So, this was the so called near-death experience?
Even undead monsters can experience that?
“Wiz, do you have any plans for today? Megumin and I will be making a trip to the outskirts of the city.”
“I don’t have anything particular in mind… Do you two want to leave the city? The monsters around here are strong, all right? If you don’t mind, allow me to tag along.”
Wiz timidly suggested something I liked very much.
“Please do! Oh, it feels much safer being with a real mage.”
“Hey, tell me why I’m a ‘fake’ mage!”
Before casting Explosion, we decided to stroll inside the city since we had the chance.
We didn’t meet any Axis cultists soliciting us today.
Megumin walked happily in front with Chomusuke on her shoulder.
While looking at her back, I asked Wiz, who was walking beside me:
“Hey, Wiz, when you mentioned your teammates from your time as an adventurer, I wanted to ask you… Why did you turn into a lich? This might sound inappropriate–but I feel Wiz is one of the very few normal people residing in Axel. Why did the famous adventurer go against the will of the gods and become a lich?”
This had been bothering me for the longest time, but it was still very sudden to ask her this.
Aside from Wiz, the only other lich I met was in a dungeon.
That person said he became a lich to protect the one he cherished.
Wiz hesitated for a moment…
“That’s true… It’s a long story, but I’ll explain to everyone when Aqua-sama’s present too.”
She said with a gentle smile.
Hmm, since she said so… It would be better for Aqua to hear it.
I didn’t know why Wiz turned into a lich. But if she was forced to do so, maybe Aqua would change her perspective of Wiz.
“Let’s talk about it with Aqua present then”
After I replied, Wiz giggled.
“All right, let’s invite Vanir-san to hear it too. When I was still an adventurer, I had a deadly fight with him.”
Oooh, I want to hear about that!
I’m also curious as to why she befriended Vanir after that… By the way…
“Hey, how old were you when you turned into a lich? It sounded like a long time ago…”
“I was about twenty.”
Hmm.
“No wonder, your appearance is about that age too. How long have you been like this? Eh, how old are you now?”
“Twenty, my age won’t increase after becoming a lich.”
“…? No, that…”
“I’m forever twenty.”
“… Is, is that so?”
Feeling that the atmosphere was a bit heavy, I didn’t press further.
Asking a lady about her age was taboo.
Suddenly, Megumin who was walking in front–
“By the way, I have something to ask you… Aside from Wiz, is there anyone else in the Demon King’s army who can use Explosion? Um… Do you know of a big breasted onee-san who can use Explosion?”
Why was she suddenly saying that?
“No, as far as I know, I’m the only one who can use Explosion in the Demon King’s army. Also, it’s been a long time since I visited the Demon King-sama’s castle. Therefore, I’m not sure about newcomers who’ve joined after that…”
“I see, that’s great…”
Megumin was relieved.
Great your head.
“Hey, what’s this about a big breasted onee-san? Don’t leave me hanging, explain it clearly.”
“Why you… It’s nothing important. One of the reasons I visited Axel was because I heard there was a female mage that could use Explosion there. It seemed like that rumor was referring to Wiz.”
“Hmm? Then explain in detail what that has to do with big breasts?”
“At least say the whole thing. She’s a big-breasted female mage. I want to be just like her. One day, we’ll meet again…”
“You want to be just like her…? Do you mean the size of your breasts?”
“I’ll kill you.”
Megumin raised her staff to whack me on the head, but I grabbed her head to stop her.
“… Hmm? I think I have seen that person somewhere before…”
Wiz looked in the direction of the city where there was plenty of hot springs.
Following her line of sight, I saw–
“Hey Megumin, Wiz! Let’s hurry and cast the spell, then go sightseeing!”
After I saw that guy, I pulled the two of them along and left.
The guy Wiz said looked familiar…
Was the man who mentioned something about a conspiracy in the bath yesterday.
I’m sure of it.
Since Wiz knew him, that meant he was without a doubt a member of the Demon King’s army.
Hold it, I’m just a powerless person. I’m just an adventurer that was just a little bit stronger than regular people!
Don’t involve me in troublesome matters!
“That’s true, let’s get the routine work out of the way and enjoy the tour! Wiz is here today, so I feel very safe! Just find some monsters and cast Explosion on them!”
“Ahhh, Kazuma-san, you don’t need to rush!… Hmm, who was that man?”
I didn’t want Wiz to meet that guy.
My instincts told me that it would be bad.
Once we left Alcanretia, we could see the thick forests.
“Let’s go into the forest! There must be lots of monsters there! Let’s hurry and kill them all!”
Wiz and I warned the bloodthirsty Megumin to be careful as we followed her into the forest.
Using Enemy Detection, there indeed were a lot of monsters in the forest.
“Yup, there are tons of them, and they already detected our presence… So why aren’t they attacking?”
They were right there and yet, they didn’t want to come out.
“Because we came out from Alcanretia, they are wary of us. Most of the residents there are from the Axis Cult… I heard monsters tend to shy away from Axis cultists.”
Just how unpopular were these people?
“If there’s any other reason… It’s probably because I’m here too. They instinctively avoid me. I’m a lich, after all.”
Wiz said with a wry smile.
Ah, I forgot about that. Wiz was a ‘General’ of the Demon King’s army too.
But although she was a ‘General’, she didn’t seem to show the powers befitting one.
When powerful beings like Beldia and Vanir came near the town, the monsters became wary.
This situation was probably the same as back then–they were afraid of Wiz.
Despite living in Axel for so long, not once has the city been invaded by any monsters. Maybe this was because Wiz was living there.
“Ughh… It can’t be helped. Let’s settle this quickly. I wanted to cast it amid monsters and raise my level as well, but…”
Megumin said something dangerous as she started chanting explosion magic.
Huge amounts of mana gathered around Megumin’s petite body instantly.
Why was she casting spells requiring so much mana so meaninglessly? Is there a screw loose inside her head?
In this world, there had to be plenty of ways this spell could be used.
Before I knew it, Megumin completed her preparations.
“Explosion!”
The explosion spell flew towards somewhere in the distance, and the ground trembled with a huge boom. This girl was casual in choosing her target.
Trees were uprooted and the terrain deformed. A corner of the forest was destroyed beyond recognition.
Because of this act of violence, the birds flew away and the forest was in an uproar.
“Hmm… Let’s go back then. Kazuma, please carry me.”
The reason for this destruction was flat on the ground when she said that arrogantly.
I was thinking about leaving the thick skinned Megumin behind.
“Can’t you make things easier for me? It always turns out like this. I’ll share some mana with you, so walk yourself.”
I said as I gave her some mana through Drain Touch.
I could only spare her a little, but Megumin managed to stand up after receiving the mana.
She peeked at her adventurer’s card and smiled.
“Hoho, there were a few hidden kobolds who got caught in the explosion. The adventurer card says I defeated kobolds today.”
… That wasn’t good.
Thinking about it carefully, the lowest level member in the team was me.
I raised two levels from the lizard runners and hawkite runners recently. However, my level was still the lowest.
Due to the level-up, I gained more skill points. Should I learn offensive skills that’ll help me grind levels?
As I was pondering on what to learn–
“… Hmm? Something’s running this way. My Detect Enemy skill tells me that it’s really fast.”
“Oh? It’s coming even after hearing the sound of my Explosion?”
Something was charging here from the depths of the forest. Even with my Farsight skill, I couldn’t tell what it was in the dim forest.
Something black?
… I met this fellow before.
I remembered there was a ferocious monster that coexisted with herds of weak monsters such as goblins and kobolds.
Simply put, it was a sabre-toothed tiger with black fur.
“Grrrrr!”
The nemesis of beginner adventurers, the Rookie Killer.
“Wiz, Wiz! Quick, think of something!”
“Kazuma use Snipe, Snipe! It’s still far away, so shoot it with Snipe!”
“I left my equipment at the hotel!”
“How could you be so careless? That’s why your level is so low!”
“You jerk, who do you think attracted all the monsters here?! Do you want me to drain all your mana and leave you behind?!”
“I’ll take care of it, so the two of you calm down! Leave it to me and get back!”
Wiz stood in front of the two of us who were bickering.
I made some sand with Create Earth and prepared to support Wiz.
Megumin stuck close behind me.
… The rookie killer gradually drew closer, but Wiz showed no sign of casting any spells.
“Hey Wiz? Hey, hey–Wiz!”
“Ahhh!”
The rookie killer pounced on Wiz who stood her ground before our eyes.
Wiz was easily pressed onto the ground by the rookie killer that was as strong as a bull.
Megumin screamed while I grabbed the sand and prepared to blow it into the eyes of the rookie killer with wind magic…!
“… Eh?”
The rookie killer on top of Wiz suddenly foamed at the mouth and passed out.
Wiz who got out from under it didn’t have a scratch on her. When the rookie killer pounced on her, she should’ve been hit by its claws…
“… Oh right, other than attacks from weapons enchanted by magic, all physical attacks against a lich are harmless. Also, liches have Drain Touch, which absorbs their opponent’s life force, and can causes all sorts of abnormal status effects–poison, paralysis, sleep and curse, with a touch. For Wiz, she can defeat the enemy without using magic.”
Liches were strong.
The scene of her being bullied by Aqua and Vanir all seemed so unreal.
“Phew… Let’s return to the city.”
Wiz sighed, dusted herself, and smiled.
When we returned to the city, we found a group of people gathered on the bustling street.
“What’s happening? An event of some kind?”
“This is a tourism city after all, maybe they invited some celebrities to perform and entertain the visitors.”
Megumin and I were curious, so we walked in that direction.
“… It’s Aqua-sama. What’s she doing?”
In the middle of the crowd was Aqua.
She was standing on top of a wooden crate with a megaphone-like device in hand. Beside her was Darkness. Her embarrassed face was beet red. What were they doing?
I recalled that was a magic item that utilized wind magic. She must be up to something.
At this moment, Aqua started shouting.
“My beloved Axis cultists! Right now, the Demon King’s army is conducting destructive attacks on this city!”
Darkness lowered her head embarrassingly when she heard that.
“By destructive attacks, I’m referring to the poisoning of the city’s hot springs! I’ve already confirmed that many of the hot springs were hit!”
That girl, did she inspect all the hot springs this morning?
“I’ve never heard of that. I just bathed in that hot spring there and it seems to be fine.”
One of the audience member commented.
Aqua nodded in agreement.
“That’s because I purified the poison in all of the hot springs. Yes, all the hot springs in the vicinity have been purified by me. However, we can’t let our guards down just yet! Everyone, please don’t visit the baths before this incident is concluded!”
The people around her started wavering.
Aqua then poked Darkness who was standing beside her.
Darkness trembled, showing a face as if she were going to cry, but remained silent.
An old man pulling a cart said:
“This is the city of hot springs, priestess-san. If you forbid the customers from visiting the hot springs, how can we conduct business?”
“That’s right, and why would the Demon King’s army poison a place like this?”
The other audiences supported him.
“They did this to cut off the tourism income for this city and crush the source of income of the Axis Cult! That’s right, the Demon King’s army fears the Axis cultists! I won’t allow them to stir any trouble just because they’re jealous of our hot springs! Please, faithful believers of the Axis Cult–”
At this moment.
“Ah! So, there you are! Hey, what did you do to my hot spring? It’s just warm water now!”
Probably the owner of a hot spring somewhere.
The owner glared at Aqua some distance away from the crowd.
Not just him, but a group of menacing people were glaring at her.
“Ah, that’s her all right! She dares to show her face around here! Hey–everyone! Grab her! She’s turning the hot springs in this city into warm water, how evil!”
“Yeah, she might be a dog of the Demon King’s army sent here to destroy the Axis Cult!”
What an unexpected development.
She said that she would be the one to protect the hot springs, but she was the one destroying them.
“No, wrong! There’s a reason for this, let me explain! The hot springs I purified were poisonous! I admit that some of the normal hot springs might’ve been purified too, but this was for the sake of everyone…”
“If this is true, then you should’ve told us earlier! And even if you did purify the hot springs, it’s still impossible to purify such a large number! You must’ve sneaked in when no one was around, right? Using that chance, you drained all of the hot springs’ water away and replaced it with warm water for showering, right?!”
“That, that’s not–! Because if others saw me perform the purification, my real identity would’ve been exposed! That would cause a huge commotion…!!”
Ah, this was bad!
She’ll say something she shouldn’t say.
“Hey Megumin, Wiz! Let’s get out of here before she notices us! We have to pretend we don’t know her, understand?!”
“Hmm? She’s already made this big of a mess and you’re planning to abandon her?! It can only be settled if you intervene. Kazuma, hurry up and do something!”
“Aqua-sama’s going to cry, you know? Kazuma-san, if this goes on…”
As I listened to their pleas, I glanced at Aqua who was some distance away.
At this moment, one of the hot springs’ owner shouted:
“Is rumor-mongering all you can do?! The situation’s serious now! And who are you anyway? Are you really a minion of the Demon King?”
“Eh? No, I’m not! Hey Darkness, don’t just stand there, say something! And say the lines like I told you to– ‘Axis Cult, Axis Cult’s depending on you!’ Say it, don’t be shy, go on!”
“A-Axis Cult… Is… Depend…”
With the crowd staring at her, Darkness mumbled, her face red.
… My condolences.
“Ahhh, really! All right, I’ll tell you who I am! Devoted Axis cultists, my name’s Aqua! That’s right, the object of your worship, the goddess Aqua! My beloved believers, I’m here in the mortal world to save you all!”
Aqua stood on the wooden crate as she finally said that out loud.
The audience turned silent.
“… Okay, let’s go, quick! Megumin!”
“… This is bad. It might’ve been salvageable earlier, but it’s a gone case now. Let’s run!”
“Wait, wait–Kazuma-san! Megumin-san! What about Aqua-sama and Darkness-san…?”
Megumin and I decided to make our escape. Suddenly, angry voices started erupting.
“Don’t joke about this you heretic!”
“Do you think you can impersonate Aqua-sama just because you have blue hair and eyes?! You’ll receive divine retribution!”
“Death penalty! Tie her up and throw her in the lake! If she really is Aqua-sama, then she won’t die even if she’s thrown into the water!”
“Wahhh! No!! I’m telling the truth, I’m really Aqua!!”
“Ahhh! No, don’t throw stones…! No, no…! Aqua, hide behind me quick!”
“…….”
“Hey, where are the two of you going off to? Aqua-sama, she…!”
Megumin and I left Aqua and Darkness, who were being pelted by stones, and ran away.
– We took a roundabout route back to the hotel. Aqua was already back before we returned.
“Wahhh!”
She kept wailing.
I think she had been crying nonstop since coming to this city.
“A-Aqua-sama, I brought you some warm milk. Take a sip and cool down…”
Wiz kept consoling Aqua, who was sobbing in the middle of the room.
Darkness seemed beaten up, but her face was still flushed as she drank tea with satisfaction.
They were cursed and pelted with stones after that. However, she seemed to like this city full of weirdos.
Let’s leave this one here too.
“That’s so cruel! I-I worked so hard for everyone! Why must I be pelted with stones by my own believers? Wahhh!”
“Aqua-sama, please… Please calm down! Or else, your aura when you’re upset will cause me to disappear–!”
The hapless Wiz offered hot milk to Aqua.
Aqua looked at the milk, sniffed, and said:
“… I want to drink wine.”
“You’re not upset at all, right?”
Wiz rushed downstairs to find wine. Aqua lifted her face, which was swollen from all the crying.
“No matter what, there’s definitely some sort of sabotage being conducted. Many of the hot springs I visited had been seriously contaminated. If the customers were to have visited these baths, they would’ve definitely fallen ill.”
“Since Aqua, whose only saving grace are her priestly powers, said so… Then it must be true, right? But we can’t find the culprit this way.”
“That’s true. Let’s just go to the adventurer’s guild and the hot springs’ management to make a report, and we’ll leave the rest to them.”
Aqua ground her teeth unwillingly.
This involved the Axis Cult, therefore she wanted to resolve it through her own hands.
They might’ve been the devotees she cherished, but there wasn’t any need to risk being beaten up and cursed.
“Wooo… But if this goes on, my cute believers will…”
Aqua grabbed the corner of the table tightly with her face full of tears.
There was no helping it then.
“I’ll give you a hand tomorrow… But I won’t participate in any fights, all right? If we can find the culprit, we’ll hand it over to the adventurer’s guild to resolve it. Will that be fine?”
When she heard me, Aqua’s face lit up.
“Well then, I’ll wait in the hotel. Please be careful.”
The next morning.
Wiz saw us off as we headed for this city’s adventurer’s guild.
I left Wiz behind to be our point of contact.
She’ll collate the intelligence and tell us if anything pops up.
Leaving Wiz in the hotel, the four of us headed toward the hot springs.
“Anyway, how will we know who the culprit is? Even if we find someone suspicious, we’ll have to catch him in the act for it to be convincing.”
I had an idea who the culprit was.
It was probably the tanned-skin, brown-haired man I met in this hotel’s hot spring.
I haven’t seen that man or the onee-san since then.
The onee-san said she couldn’t recuperate in this hot spring anymore, meaning she has probably left the city.
If that’s the case, then only the man would be working in the shadows…
“Hehe, leave it to me! I’ve already thought of a way to find the culprit! Listen, the culprit will visit several hot springs in a day. Visiting as a customer will be the least suspicious way of doing it.”
On this rare occasion when Aqua was using her brain, she said arrogantly.
“We’ll then ask all the managers of the hot springs which customers they had the deepest impression of–I’ve already distributed survey forms to them…”
“You’re really working hard on this…”
She really cherished her devotees. It would be great if she normally had this kind of drive.
“I see… No matter how much someone loves the hot springs, bathing several times in one go would be suspicious. By collating the customer that frequents the most from the managers, we can lock on to the target, right?”
The smart Megumin agreed with a nod.
“Also, if something happens to the hot spring that person frequents, it means he must be the culprit.”
Darkness was impressed.
“That’s the idea! Come, let’s collect the survey forms back.”
I hope she can maintain this attitude from now on.
I was surprised by Aqua’s efficiency once she got serious.
We split up to collected the survey forms from the managers.
And gathered in a garden, tabulating the results on a bench.
“– The results of the survey are out! The features of the most frequent customer are…”
“A woman with blue hair and eyes, wearing a light-purple hagoromo.”
“So, you’re the culprit.”
“Wrong! Wait! I did visit a lot of hot springs, but that was to purify the water! Let’s look at the survey about the water quality turning bad, the last one to visit is the most suspicious!”
Following her directions, we compiled the features of the customer that last entered the hot spring before the water quality dropped.
“A woman with blue hair and eyes changed the hot spring water into warm water as a practical joke…”
“… Isn’t that also you?”
“Why? What’s going on? This is useless!”
“No, hold on!”
The raging Aqua was about to tear up the survey forms when Megumin stopped her.
“Look, this ‘man with tanned skin and brown hair’ was second in his visit frequency to Aqua. Does he like hot springs that much?”
Hoho, as expected of the Crimson Demons that are known for their high intelligence.
“So, he’s the criminal, as expected. He’s a tall man with bulging muscles.”
I said unwittingly as I took the survey forms from Megumin…
“… Hey, wait, what do you mean by ‘as expected’? Do you know someone like that? Were you secretly worried for me and investigated, even though you kept saying it was troublesome? Is Kazuma a tsundere?”
Aqua said while looking at me with expectant eyes.
“No, the first day we came to this city… I met this guy by chance in the hot spring saying, ‘That damn cult’s finally going to be destroyed. The work in destroying the secret hot spring’s complete; the progress in the other hot springs are also proceeding smoothly. Now, we just need to wait. For us who have long lifespans, waiting a decade or two’s no big deal.’… Wahhh! What are you doing? Stop!”
After hearing what I said, Aqua started strangling my neck!
“Why didn’t you say so earlier? If you had told me earlier, I wouldn’t have needed to work so hard!”
“Hey, stop it! I’m here to bathe in the hot spring and recuperate! Why must I be dragged into troublesome matters all the time?! Why would I plunge my head straight into trouble?”
“This man finally admitted it! Do you not have any pride as an adventurer?! No matter how you look at it, that’s the scene of the Demon King’s army scheming!”
“Aqua, I’ll hold this trash down. You beat him up good!”
“Hey wait, stop! You really want to go? Don’t blame me for not holding back!”
“Wooo… I was ravaged… He actually fought back…”
After losing her mana from Drain Touch, Megumin laid on my shoulder and said grudgingly.
“What a petty man…”
Darkness, whose face was covered in mud because of a combination of Create Earth and Create Water magic, added tiredly.
At this point, Aqua, whose hair had patches of frost due to Freeze, showed a piece of paper to us.
Right now, we were in this city’s adventurer’s guild.
Aqua sketched a portrait that eerily resembled the real thing from the survey results and my testimony.
We were in the adventurer’s guild to request for them to arrest this man.
“It’s troubling to suddenly ask us to do that. We can’t simply arrest this person with just your one-sided account. It might be a different story if it was Adventurers with good reputations who’ve been active here for a long time making the request, but it’s hard to believe some unknown adventurers we aren’t familiar with… At least give us some evidence…”
The receptionist at the guild looked troubled.
Aqua shifted close to this receptionist.
“Hey, since you live in this city… You must be an Axis cultist, right? Look at my face, does it look familiar?”
“…? I’m not an Axis cultist… Hmm, now that you mention it, I did see… Ahhh! In that shop downtown, the second most popular–!”
“Wrong! Say any more and you’ll receive divine retribution! I’ve never worked in such a dirty place before! And why is it second most popular? How infuriating!”
Hearing Aqua, who took the bait after hearing some nonsense, I remembered–
Compared to this goddess who wasn’t recognized in this city full of her devotees, we had someone even more famous.
“Hey Megumin, back me up.”
“Back you up? What do you want–?”
While talking to Megumin, who was on my back, I shared some of my mana with her through Drain Touch, allowing her to stand by herself.
After letting Megumin down, I pushed Darkness to the front.
“Look closely at who this noble person is! She’s the daughter of the Dustiness clan, the great noble family known as the ‘Beloved Shield of the Kingdom’–Lady Dustiness ford Lalatina! How impudent to say that she’s some unknown adventurer!”
“Eh?”
Darkness and the receptionist yelled at the same time.
Megumin who instantly knew what I was planning went to Darkness’s side.
“My lady, please show the item that proves your identity as a member of the Dustiness family for the block-headed staff to see!”
“Hmm? E-Even Megumin? Uugh… To think I’ll use my clan’s name for such a thing…”
While she probably didn’t want to use her authority, she apprehensively took out a pendant.
That was the pendant I saw during my criminal trial.
This was probably as powerful as a master ball was to a Pokémon.
“This is really…! M-My apologies! We’ll put this man on the wanted list immediately!”
The pendent was super effective. The receptionist took the sketch from Aqua in a hurry.
“As expected of Darkness! That’s how you use the authority of a noble!”
“Ah, Aqua! Don’t say such ill sounding things so loudly!”
“– W-We’ve started a manhunt for that man as instructed by Lady Dustiness; we’ll contact your hotel if we receive any news!”
“Ah yes, sorry for troubling you.”
As the guild staff saw us off with a bow, Darkness guiltily shrank her body.
I added to the staff from behind Darkness.
“Ah, by the way, please charge all necessary expenses for the manhunt to the Dustiness family.”
“?”
– After preparing for the manhunt, on our way back to the hotel.
“You jerk! Jeeerrrrkkk!!”
Darkness was still angry.
“What? I said I’m sorry already, right? Let Aqua pay for the manhunt expenses then.”
“Eh? It’s on me?”
“That’s not the point! My family name isn’t to be used so lightly…!”
“Hey Aqua, the Dustiness house has their hands full raising this pervert… So, pay for the bill, all right? Isn’t this for the sake of saving your cult anyway?”
“Ahhh… All right, all right. I get it, it can’t be helped. The Dustiness house has it hard, huh? I’ll pay then.”
“Nuaaahhh!”
“Wahhh! You, what, stop it!”
I dodged the pouncing Darkness deftly and took a defensive stance.
“Really, how long are the two of you going to fight? There are people watching. Darkness, you’re a lady in name. Act like one…”
“What do you mean by ‘in name’? I’m a proper lady! Ahhh really…!”
I shushed the resigned Darkness and said to her:
“Just like the time we fought the Destroyer, you’re useless most of the time. Now that you have a chance, you should do something that befits nobility!”
“That’s none of your business! Damn it, you’ve been playing me like a monkey since just now!”
“Hahaha, your attacks are too easy to read! How can your clumsy attacks ever hit me?!”
“I’ll kill you!”
“Stop being noisy, what are you two doing in public?”
With a yell from Megumin, Darkness who was being bullied by me and spouting curses finally calmed down.
“Forget it; People who don’t change their attitude even after knowing I’m a noble are rare.”
Darkness said with annoyance.
“Everyone always says that they don’t mind, but will still be slightly afraid of me…”
She must be feeling glad for not changing our attitudes toward her, even after finding out she was a noble.
“I don’t care about nobles or peasants. Darkness is just Darkness, I’ll always treat you the same. The Crimson Demons doesn’t fear authority and will treat royalty and aristocrats the same, okay?”
“Megumin…”
“In the country I was from, there were plenty of people who complain about politics. I’m not concerned about status or gender and I won’t show bias toward a weird noble like you.”
“Even Kazuma… No wait, did you say weird noble?”
Darkness grabbed the back of my collar angrily.
I didn’t answer her, turning to look at Aqua who was at the tail of the party.
“Hey Aqua, tell her what you think too. Don’t let her flatter herself and be conscious about her status as a lady… Hey, what are you doing? What is that?”
I stopped. Aqua was nimbly creating something small as she was walking.
It was something like clay; I didn’t know where she got it from.
She was focused on making it.
“This…? Ah, this is a fake of the pendant Darkness took out just now. Look. It looks the same, right? With this, I can claim to be a child of the Dustiness house and say anything I want… Ahhh!”
Darkness grabbed the clay from Aqua’s hand and threw it out.
“– Welcome back! Any progress?”
Wiz came out from the hotel to receive us, and we reported what happened to her.
Since the guild had handed out wanted notices to the hot springs, our quest was complete.
That man won’t be able to get near a hot spring or wander around this city anymore.
We just needed to stick to the original plan and enjoy the hot spring in the hotel.
“We did something incredible again. It’s great that we stopped the schemes of the Demon King’s army… Hey Darkness, you’re a sheltered lady so you might not know this… But there’s a custom among commoners that a man and woman who go on vacation together must visit the mixed bath together. We’ll be going back tomorrow, so let’s get it done tonight.”
“? I-I’ve never heard of such a strange custom!”
“I already said it’s a custom among commoners. You’re a noble, so there’s no way you could’ve heard about it. If you want to break the gap between you and real commoners like us, you’ll have to follow the ritual at least once.”
“So, there really is such a custom…?
“As if we have such a custom!”
When she heard Megumin’s retort, the red-faced Darkness attacked me again and I dodged it deftly. Suddenly, someone knocked on the door to the room hastily.
“Coming, who is it?”
Aqua opened the door and found the staff member we had met at the adventurer’s guild. He must’ve ran here since he was out of breath.
“What… What happened?”
I asked that person, an ominous feeling welling in my heart.
“Terrible news! The hot springs…! Contaminated water is flowing out from the hot springs everywhere in the city…!”
– The morning after the hot springs in the city were seriously contaminated.
After having breakfast, we gathered in the girl’s hotel room.
“I think there are problems with the water source.”
Aqua who spent yesterday purifying the hot springs said.
The phenomenon of polluted water flowing out was temporary.
It was akin to a simulation test, coming out all in one go before stopping.
After Aqua received the report from the staff, she rushed into the city and cleansed the hot springs one by one…
“The water source? That should be the top of the hill behind the Axis Cult’s main base, right?”
Aqua nodded.
That gigantic church was the Axis Cult’s headquarters.
Behind the church was this city’s source of life and finance, the hot spring mountain.
And of course, the place was heavily guarded. Normal people wouldn’t be permitted entry.
“Indeed, it’s difficult to poison the hot springs one by one. The other party must’ve been pressured by the manhunt order and decided to hit the source directly–that makes sense.”
It was true that attacking the source was much simpler than taking out the hot springs one at a time.
“But how did he infiltrate such a heavily guarded place…?”
Wiz frowned.
“Kazuma, what are you eating? Give me one too.”
Darkness pulled of a piece of the pizza-like junk food I was eating and sent it toward her mouth.
……
“I’ve been feeling that recently you’ve been dumber than Aqua.”
“?”
The piece of not-pizza fell off before it reached Darkness’s mouth.
She had a surprised face and turned stiff.
“Hey, what do you mean by that? Are you implying that I’m usually behave like an idiot?”
“Not like an idiot, you are one! … Ahhh, enough! I apologize, I’m sorry! You’ve worked so hard and used your head this time! – I already apologized, so return my pizza to me!”
As Aqua and I were fighting over the pizza, Darkness stood up straight with a spring.
“… Source of the water, right? Hey Kazuma, how long are you going to play around? Time to go! Water source! We’ll head to the hill behind the cult’s headquarters to investigate!”
She announced in high spirits.
She was probably over conscious about the fact that aside from using her clan’s authority, she hadn’t done anything noteworthy yet.
“All right, let’s go to the water source and look.”
To the left of the Axis Cult’s headquarters was a huge lake, the source of the city’s water supply.
And on the hill above the church was the source of the city’s hot springs.
The path to the source was guarded by the city’s Knight Order.
“Hey, I’m an Archpriest from the Axis Cult! Look closely! Hey, look at my adventurer’s card carefully!”
Aqua shoved the adventurer’s card in the face of the knight on guard duty.
Our path was blocked at the foot of the hill.
“No, even if you’re an Archpriest of the Axis Cult, I can’t let you through.”
“Only the manager of the hot springs is allowed to go in.”
The knight who pushed Aqua back had no plans of looking at her adventurer’s card.
The two knights were probably suspicious after seeing how our group was dressed.
To prepare for any battle, we were all fully equipped.
A group of fully armed people suddenly wanted to pass through the checkpoint–it was only natural that the knights wouldn’t accede.
“Thou devoted Axis cultists… Hear me, this is a necessary action. A just course. If thou allow passage, this city shall…”
“Ah, I’m a believer of Eris”
“Why?! Why do you follow Eris’s religion even though you’re living in this city?!… Hey, please, let me go in! There’s big trouble at the source! This is for the sake of the hot springs city! I-I…! I just want to save this city!”
Aqua clung to one of the knights and started wailing.
I already had a plan in mind, but this looked fun… So, I decided to just watch for now.
“No means no! Go home!”
“Ah, wait! I suddenly realized that you’re handsome! Your profile’s just like a red dragon, dominatingly strong.”
“You mean my face looks like a lizard?”
After realizing crying wouldn’t work, Aqua started resorting to flattery.
“… All right, if you won’t let me through no matter what, I’ll make you Eris devotees taste some bitter medicine and run to the Axis church by the hill side to repent!”
“What nonsense are you saying?”
“Damn it, that’s why they say the personality of Axis cultists are so terrible! And your blue hair and eyes–you are not that person who was turning the hot springs into warm water, right?”
“No, that’s wrong! I was just purifying the hot springs…!”
“So, it is you! Even more reasons that I can’t let you through! Go back!”
Aqua, who switched to intimidation tactics, was stone walled.
“As I expected. You’re up Darkness, a rare opportunity for you to shine.”
“Rare? Hey, I contribute occasionally, okay! Stop, stop pushing!”
Beside me, Megumin seemed to realize what my plans were.
“Take a good look at who this great person is! She’s the daughter of the grand noble house Dustiness–Lady Dustiness ford Lalatina! This is an emergency and concerns the survival of this city!”
“Ah?”
“That is so, you can treat this as an order from house Dustiness. The hot springs’ contamination incident that happened yesterday should be the result of someone poisoning the source. We’re here to investigate on the lady’s order.”
Darkness, who was being pushed to the front, grabbed the pendant in front of her chest tightly.
“This is an emergency, but if I abuse my authority like this…!”
I grabbed Darkness who wanted to say something from behind.
“Here my lady, please take out the pendant proving your identity that you’re hiding in your chest! My lady, please don’t resist…! Hey, cough it out my lady!”
“Kazuma, grab on tight! I’ll… Ahhh! That hurts, Darkness, that hurts! Wiz, Megumin! Use this chance to grab the pendant!”
“Wiz, you take her right hand, Aqua take her left… My lady, please stop your futile resistance!”
“So sorry! I’m sorry Darkness-san!”
“Stop it, all of you…! The Dustiness house won’t permit such abuse of authority…! Ahhh?”
Megumin forcefully took the pendant from Darkness’s hand and showed it to the knights.
“Here, look at this! You’ll grant us entry now, right?!”
“M-My apologies!”
“Please forgive us!”
The two knights opened a path hurriedly. Megumin seemed to enjoy the dramatic change in attitude she saw from the two knights.
“… Let me borrow this for a while.”
“Of course not, give it back now!”
Darkness snatched the pendant back and Megumin became a little depressed.
– At this moment, the knights said respectfully:
“Um, Lady Dustiness, I know you’re here to investigate, but the manager of the hot springs has already gone in…”
“The manager said he would investigate the cause and to not let anyone through…”
We looked at each other after hearing what the knights said.
Right now?
Did the hot springs’ manager have the same thoughts as us?
… I’ll ask just to be safe.
“Is the manager a tanned man with short, brown hair?”
“No, he’s a blonde old man whose been managing the hot springs all these years.”
I guessed wrong… So, where’s that man now?
He had a very eye catching appearance, so it would only be a matter of time before he gets caught through the manhunt.
“There are wild beasts in the hills ahead. Please be careful if you’re going there, Lady Dustiness.”
Bashing through thick vegetation, we headed up the hill that still had remnants of snow.
I thought the vegetation would be sparse because of the sulfur from the hot springs, so I didn’t expect such a scene.
It was such a rare opportunity to go on a hot springs vacation trip… So why did I have to hike up a hill?
“By the way, I didn’t know Darkness-san is a daughter of the Dustiness house! Sorry for my impudence in the past.”
Wiz wasn’t told about Darkness being a noble, and lowered her head respectfully.
“No, I hope Wiz can treat me just like before. I’ll feel better that way.”
“Is that so? If Darkness-san insists…”
Wiz smiled gently, and Darkness was relieved.
“That should be the reaction of normal people… I’m relieved after seeing Wiz’s attitude. This bunch has been so mean to me…”
Darkness cleared the vegetation with a complicated expression, walking at the head of the group.
“You’re such a troublesome girl. Make it clear whether you want us to treat you like a noble or a commoner! – Eh, if you want us to treat you like a lady, then change your temper, crude language, and stubborn nature.”
“I’m not troublesome! And Kazuma has no right to say my language is crude! You’re younger than me, right? Not just me, you’re rude to everyone…!”
“That’s because I treat you–Darkness–as a comrade. That’s right. In my heart, you’re not the aristocrat lady Lalatina who’s older than me, but the dependable crusader Darkness.”
“… Is… Is that so. That, that’s great…”
Darkness’s face blushed as she walked ahead quietly. I mumbled.
“So gullible.”
“Very gullible.”
“Too gullible.”
“E-Everyone!”
“……?”
When she heard Wiz, Darkness who was in a great mood turned back with a puzzled face.
“Anyway, we’ve been walking for quite some time. Aren’t there wild beasts living here? Um, will that manager who entered before us be okay? Isn’t he an old man?”
I asked casually.
As if it were answering my question, the sound of fighting came from the front.
“Really, Kazuma? Why are you saying something that’ll raise a flag?”
“I-I didn’t, stupid! I just thought about that suddenly…!”
“Stop fighting and let’s see what’s happening!”
With Wiz urging us on, we hurried to the source of the sound.
Before us was a bizarre scene.
“How… How can this be…?”
Megumin said in surprise.
When we arrived, the manager was nowhere to be seen. In his place was–
“This… Could it be a rookie killer…?”
Darkness approached the black object and observed it from a close distance.
There was no doubt that a battle happened here.
However, there were no traces of sword or magic damages, only the black skin of the rookie killer and large canine fangs.
These horrible remains seem to be the work of strong acids…
“This rookie killer isn’t the one we met yesterday. Was it defeated by a veteran adventurer? Although Wiz defeated one easily…”
Everyone knew what I wanted to say.
– Could an old man defeat a rookie killer?
Which meant…!
“That hot spring grandpa’s really strong! Let’s meet up with him so he can protect us!”
… Only one person didn’t follow my train of thought.
“There are no grandpas in this world that can take out a rookie killer alone! This has to be the work of some inhuman monster!”
“W-What? Didn’t the butcher shop grandpa in Axel hunt toads and fire drakes alone?! A grandpa that can take out a rookie killer might exist too!”
“Don’t compare the old people in this world with the weirdos in that town! Just look at how that rookie killer died, there are too many suspicious points!”
That’s right, the carcass was melted thoroughly. Was this a kind of spell?
Was there such a vicious magic that could dissolve the body of an enemy?
“In short, we can’t let our guard down. That grandpa isn’t that simple.”
Everyone except Aqua nodded silently.
… Aqua muttered unhappily.
“The grandpa chef in Axel turned a ferocious brutal alligator into a main dish too…”
Why are you still harping on about this?!
After that, we walked for a long time. On the bright side, it wasn’t easy to lose our way.
To divert the water from the hill to the hot springs, there were six pipes channeling the water.
If you wanted to go to the source, all you had to do was follow the pipes.
However, walking on the road piled with snow sapped our stamina fast.
I thought everyone must be tired too. I turned back while thinking that…
“Hey Wiz, aren’t you a lich? Don’t you have any convenient lich magic to let us fly straight to the top?”
“Aqua-sama, liches aren’t all powerful. I did develop a few spells, but they’re all offensive oriented…”
“Ho, to develop spells on your own, that’s impressive. Don’t tell me they’re stronger than Explosion.”
“Eh… I’m on edge because I heard there were monsters, but we didn’t meet any… Why’s that so…?”
Everyone was so energetic.
“Hey, all of you! Wait, slow down! If we suddenly meet… The enemy… And are… Out of breath… How… Can we fight?”
I said while panting, and Aqua tilted her head and said:
“… I knew Kazuma’s stats were bad, but I didn’t know it was this terrible.”
Ughh, how infuriating!
“Anyway, what’s Kazuma’s stamina? Don’t tell me it’s the same level as an Archwizard like me?”
Megumin asked.
As I continued panting, I handed my card to Megumin silently.
“… How should I put this? Kazuma has the lowest level here. Don’t worry, just train up from now on and your stats will grow.”
Megumin awkwardly averted her eyes from the card and started consoling me.
“Hey, you mean my stats are really on the same level as you, right?!”
“Let’s take a break! We walked quite some distance, but there’s no sign of the grandpa. Instead of dashing ahead at full speed, we should conserve our energy.”
“Hey, don’t tell me my stats are lower than yours! Is my strength and stamina really lower than yours?!”
Megumin didn’t answer and sat where she stood.
I-I should grind my level…
After the break, we started marching again. And finally, we reached the end of one of the pipes.
Before the pipe was the source where the hot spring water came from…
No, wait.
“Hey, the hot spring water’s completely black!”
“? This is poison! I’m absolutely sure!”
Aqua shouted as she dipped her hand into the completely black hot spring in a panic.
“It burns! Wahhh, it’s scalding! It’s scalding my hand!”
“You idiot! Why are you putting your hand directly into the hot spring source? Pull your hand out!”
“But, but! It burns!”
Although Aqua was crying, she still refused to pull her hand out.
I rushed to her side and cast a spell on her hand.
“Freeze!”
I cooled the water with my magic…
… But my frost magic was too weak, so it didn’t have much effect.
“Freeze!”
Wiz rushed over to help and used frost magic too.
Probably because our magic capacity and race were different, Wiz’s spell lowered the temperature of the source in an instant.
“Phew… Thanks Wiz, and Kazuma… I’ll be thanking you a tiny bit too.”
“Only a tiny bit?”
Wiz cast Freeze multiple times into the water Aqua was sticking her hand in.
As time went by, the black murky hot spring gradually became clear.
“That’ll do… But, I can’t purify the water in the pipes. It’ll take some time before this hot spring can be used again… Heal!”
After purifying the hot spring, Aqua cast healing magic on her scalded hand. That energetic idiot looked really depressed right now.
Seeing her like this made me feel uneasy too…
In any case, it was confirmed that someone was polluting the sources.
I don’t know how that man and the manager are related, but we’ll find out if we continue to investigate.
– We saw other pipes connected to the source too, and as expected, they were all contaminated.
Aqua cleansed them one by one; in just a short while, she had already cleansed four out of six of the pipes.
However, it’ll be a long time before this hot water becomes hot spring water.
And now, we had almost made our way to the peak of the hill.
Just when I was about to give up, throw my bags down, and leave, I noticed something that looked like a human figure in the distance.
I used Farsight to observe that figure.
“… Hmm? So, it’s that guy after all.”
The one I saw wasn’t the blond old man the knights had mentioned, but the man I saw in the bath that day.
“What’s the matter? Why are you suddenly stopping?”
Aqua looked at me, who stopped suddenly, in confusion.
I pointed ahead and told them that the wanted criminal was right in front.
“Ahhh, I can see someone there. What’s he doing there? Is there a hot spring source there too?”
“Probably. Look, that pipe is linked there… Wait, that guy’s…!”
Hey, he’s poisoning the source right now!
He seemed to notice us rushing over too.
When he saw us, he looked baffled.
“What are all of you doing here? This place is off limits to all except the manager, so how did you get here?”
Aqua pointed at the man nonchalantly asking for our purpose of visit and shouted:
“Hey, are you still playing dumb? How dare you destroy the hot springs in this city! I’ll purge you!”
“Destroy the hot springs? I’m the manager of the hot springs, okay? What are you saying…?”
The man lied boldly; Aqua looked at us haplessly to seek support.
If you weren’t confident on talking him down, then don’t start it.
“It’s useless to play dumb, okay? And what are you doing here? It’s too troublesome to poison the hot springs one at a time, so you’re going right for the source? The uproar of polluted water gushing out was probably your way of confirming that the source was actually linked to this city, right?”
“We saw that all the hot springs had been contaminated on our way here. Megumin already asked, so can you tell us what you’re doing here? I’m Dustiness ford Lalatina, with my authority as a noble, I would like you to come with us.”
In the face of Megumin and Darkness’s accusation, the man shook his head slowly.
“I already said I don’t know what you’re talking about. Do you want to search the things I have with me? You’ll never find anything poisonous… With me…?”
The confident voice of that man started breaking.
He was looking at…
“Hmm? Who’s that…? I think I’ve seen you somewhere…”
Wiz placed her hand on her chin as she stared at that man and pondered.
When he saw Wiz, that man turned around immediately.
“An-Anyway, I’m here to investigate the reason behind the pollution, um…”
“Ahhh! It’s Hans-san! Hans-san, right?!”
Wiz shouted the name of the man who was still making excuses.
“Who, who’s Hans? I’m the manager of the hot springs in this city…”
“Hans-san! Long time no see! It’s me, Wiz! The lich!”
The man who was repeatedly addressed as Hans tried to play it off, but his voice was shaking. Wiz chatted him up unhesitantly.
Hans glanced at Wiz who was staring at him.
“Lich… You mean those dangerous undead monsters, liches, right? I don’t know what you’re all saying… An-Anyway, I don’t have any means of poisoning, and you have no proof…”
“Ah, speaking of poison… I recall that Hans-san’s a deadly poison slime variant type! Did Hans-san release his poison into the source?!”
Hans’s excuse was torn apart by Wiz unwittingly.
She even rushed to Hans’s side.
“Hans-san! Why are you ignoring me? It’s me, Wiz! Hans-san, you can shapeshift too, right? You must’ve changed into the form of the grandpa manager to gain entry, right? Hans-san, hey, Hans-san?”
“Can… Can you calm down, I don’t know you…! Stop, don’t shake me, please!”
Seeing Hans denying it to the end, Wiz grabbed Hans’s shoulders and shook.
“Did you really forget about me? I’m Wiz, back when we were in the Demon King castle we–”
“Ahhh! I just remembered I have something urgent to do! I found out the reason behind the contamination after the investigation! I must rush back to the city… Farewell everyone… Can you let me through?”
Aqua: “Where are you going Hans?”
Darkness: “You shall not pass, Hans!”
Megumin: “You think such an excuse will work, Hans?!”
The three girls stepped in front of Hans to stop him.
Hans showed a stiff face and backed away.
“Stop struggling and come clean, Hans.”
“Don’t keep calling me Hans, Hans, you bunch of worms! What’s Wiz doing here?! Didn’t you say you’ll open a small shop after leaving the Demon King’s castle? Stop fooling around in the hot spring city and go back to work!”
Hans finally revealed his true nature and retaliated, retorting Wiz.
“How, how mean! I did work hard! For some reason the harder I work, the more losses I make. But I’m still working hard every day!”
Wiz replied in a strange manner. Now’s not the time to talk about that.
Hans sighed deeply and shook his head.
“Sigh… Why did it turn out this way? I spent years to investigate this city, and only decided on this course of action after everything was in place… Wiz, I remember that you don’t provide help to the Demon King’s army in any form aside from the maintenance of the Demon King’s castle barrier. However, you shouldn’t be working against me. We shouldn’t disrupt each other. So, why are you in my way?”
“Eh? I-I got in Hans-san’s way? I only greeted Hans-san since we haven’t met in a long time!”
“That was enough to disrupt my work! Thanks to you my identity has been exposed!”
Was she stupid, or just playing dumb?
Now that he’d been exposed by Wiz, Hans lowered his body posture into a battle stance.
“What are you going to do, Wiz? Fight me? Or let me through?”
Hans was only wary of Wiz alone.
That was normal; according to Wiz, this guy was a mutant of a deadly poison slime.
Deadly poison sounds scary, but it was just a slime after all.
As a lich, Wiz was far ahead in the monster level standings.
I thought I met a powerful foe in the bath back then, but to think it was just a slime.
“How could I do that…? Hans-san is my friend. Um, I’ll be troubled if you destroy the hot springs… Can’t we resolve this through discussion?”
Wiz said apologetically. Hans laughed out loud.
“Hahaha! The way you think is just like before! You’re a lich, but you’re so naive! When you were an Archwizard, killing us off left and right, you never thought about saying ‘resolve through discussion’, right?”
“Ugh… Back, back then, I was still immature…”
As Wiz said so, she started to fidget embarrassingly.
Was the gentle Wiz a violent woman in the past?
After returning to town, let’s find a chance to talk about the past together with Vanir.
But to do that–
“Hey, sorry for interrupting your reunion… You’re Hans, right? I’m Satou Kazuma, the one who directed the battles against the Demon King’s general Beldia and the Mobile Fortress Destroyer. Just recently, I even defeated the devil of foresight, Vanir.”
– I had to solve this commotion quick and return to Axel!
“What? A man who looks as terribly weak as you?… Even your equipment’s so bad that I don’t even want to look at you, and you defeated Beldia and Vanir?”
The state of my equipment’s none of your business.
“How mean of you to say I’m terribly weak. I might look this way, but I’m a man who walked the thin line between life and death several times.”
“Well, he did die several times.”
Aqua mumbled softly behind me. How unnecessary.
“I knew from the start that you’re a minion of the Demon King’s army. Do you still remember me? Several days ago, we met in the bath of a certain hotel, right?”
“…? Ah! You’re that man with the lecherous gaze!”
What, what do you mean by lecherous?! How rude.
“I heard you talking back then about destroying the Axis Cult or something! I also knew you were wary of me in the hot spring; I only stared at that big breasted big sister to make you lower your guard!”
“Hey, you didn’t say anything because you didn’t want to be dragged into a troublesome incident, and yet you’re shamelessly boasting about it.”
Darkness retorted behind me…
Why were the people behind me so noisy?
Hans started backing away after hearing what I said.
He was wary of Wiz alone earlier, but now, the one he was most wary of was me.
“To not back down while facing me. I see, so you’re quite capable.”
Hans said as he glared at me.
What do you mean by backing down, why do I need to do that before a slime? Don’t flatter yourself.
He might look like a strong and well-built man, but he was just a slime.
The trash monsters that appeared in all sorts of games.
From the name ‘deadly poison slime’, his main weapon should be poison. But we have Aqua who could cleanse away the poison, so that was nothing to worry about.
In summary, I don’t think I’ll lose.
“Just surrender! Wiz, he and you were ex-colleagues, right? I don’t think you would want to fight him, so back down for now; I’ll go.”
“K-Kazuma-san? I might be overthinking it, but… Will you be fine? Um, Hans-san is…!”
Wiz who was backing away shouted anxiously.
I drew my sword, the polished blade gleaming under the sunlight.
To think that the first thing that I’ll cut down with my new sword will be a slime.
Aqua and the others were already prepared to fight, taking up stances with their weapons.
Beside me, Darkness drew her greatsword and stared at the enemy cautiously.
“… Seems like all of you really want to fight. Good! It’s been a long time since any adventurers dared to challenge me! No matter who it was, they would cower before me and beg for mercy after learning my true nature. You have guts to fight me head on!”
Hans said something a final boss would say and raised his hands.
“I’m Hans! A general of the Demon King’s army, a variant type deadly poison slime!”
“… What did you just say?”
What did this slime just say?
I think I heard the term ‘general of the Demon King’s army’.
“Kazuma-san! Even among the Generals of the Demon King’s army, Hans is a monster with higher than average bounty! He’s very strong, so be careful…!”
Even if you tell me that now…
I held up my sword and shifted backwards.
“Hey, Darkness, slimes are weak monsters, right? They’re just small fries, right?”
When Darkness, who was taking a stance, heard my question–
“Slimes are weak monsters? Where did you hear that nonsense from? Leaving small ones aside, slimes above a certain size are powerful adversaries. Firstly, physical attacks are useless. Their magic defense is high too. They eat anything, so it’s over if they stick on to you. They can seep through the gaps in your armor, touch your skin. and dissolve you with digestive fluids. They can also block your mouth and suffocate you to death.”
What’s this, so scary… But… wait?
Could it be, I did something dumb?
“Don’t touch the deadly poison slime, Kazuma! It has poison potent enough to contaminate the entire city! It can harm so many people even after it’s diluted; you’ll die instantly if you touch it!”
“… In-Instant death?”
After hearing Megumin’s warning, my heart started beating wildly.
“No problem, Kazuma! With me around, it’s fine even if you die! But don’t get swallowed whole! If you do, your entire body will dissolve, then it won’t matter how powerful my resurrection spell is!”
When I heard what Aqua said–
“Now, come at me, brave adventurers! I’ll make you re-… gret…?”
I turned my back on Hans and ran as fast as I could.
I bashed through the vegetation and slid down the slope of the hill.
The branches scratched my face.
“Wahhh, Kazuma! Wait! Wait!”
“Hurry up idiot! Or I’ll leave you behind!”
Oh shit, oh shit!
This fellow was the most powerful foe I’d ever faced!
I would die from just a touch, would be dissolved if I got caught, and resurrection wouldn’t even work!
“Darkness, run quick! This is bad, we’ll die! Don’t think too much, just run!”
“Ahhh… The slime… The slime will…!”
Megumin tugged the hand of Darkness who was reluctant to leave the slime and followed behind me closely.
Darkness, who had an abnormal interest in the gooey body of slimes, wanted to fight Hans alone, but we didn’t let her do that.
She might be able to tank the attack of the slime, but she lacks any means of attacking.
“Ka-Kazuma-san, you kept panting while climbing the hill, but you’re fast when running away…!”
At the tail of the group, Wiz ran hard to chase us.
And behind Wiz–
“Are you mocking me, human? After saying all that before me, you still ran away in the end? You’re not living your life correctly! You’re an adventurer after all, don’t you feel shame?!”
Hans whose face was red from anger chased us at full speed.
“Of course, I’m an Adventurer! The weakest job of all, Adventurer! How can I fight a general of the Demon’s King army head on?”
“What, weakest job? You even…! … What?”
Hans suddenly stopped.
Following his lead, we stopped too.
“You’re an Adventurer? The weakest job, Adventurer? Not the general term adventurer, but the job name like Archwizard and Archpriest… Adventurer?”
“Yes, that’s right; what’s the problem?”
Hans’s eyes turned red immediately. He then closed his eyes gently and sighed.
He was a slime, but his actions were just like a human.
“I’ll let you off this time. Scram, small fry!”
After Hans spat out these words, he turned and headed back toward the hot spring source.
“… Phew, it’s finally over.”
“It’s not over! Hey, he’s going back to destroy the hot spring source!”
Aqua refused to let me go, but frankly speaking, this fellow was too hard to handle.
“Then tell me how we can beat that guy. Wiz will feel bad if we ask her to go. I don’t know if Darkness can handle his poison. We can only ask Megumin to do a sneak Explosion attack from range.”
“Um… If you cast Explosion on Hans-san, his body will scatter and pollute this whole place. Slimes have high resistance against magic; if you don’t get it all, it’ll be hard to destroy him…”
Doesn’t that mean we can’t do anything?
“I’m not exaggerating, we really can’t do anything this time. If physical attacks were effective, I was planning to try out my new sword.”
“We’ll postpone the debut of Chunchunmaru to the next volume. But if we leave him be, the hot springs will be in danger. Then, a Demon King’s General will get his way.”
“Don’t call my sword by that weird name, I’ll never call it by that name… Sigh, what a pain. Hey, Aqua, shall we give up on this hot spring? We can develop other means of business in the future. Honestly, there’s no meaning in the existence of the Axis Cult, right?”
As expected, she pounced and strangled me when I told her the truth.
As I was wrestling with Aqua, Hans’s figure got smaller and smaller.
“I got it… Hey! I’ll go and purify that slime!”
Aqua proposed a bold plan.
I chased Hans back to the hot spring source and found him soaking his right arm in the water.
From afar, we could see the hot spring gradually growing murky; it seemed like a large amount of poison had been pumped in.
And of course, the pipes transporting water were full of poison too.
“That guy, didn’t he think about destroying the pipes directly?!”
Contaminating all the water sources was like looking for trouble.
But, then again, the pipes could be repaired if they’re destroyed. However, if the source was contaminated, there would be no way to salvage it.
He must be planning to destroy this city completely.
And there were few priests that could cleanse such potent poison.
“The pipes seem to be made of magic metal, and aren’t easy to break. It’s the financial lifeline of this city, after all, so they spared no expense.”
That was true, I agreed with Megumin. At the same time, Aqua, who was purifying the polluted hot spring, was getting anxious.
“Hey! Can you be more serious about this? It’ll be bad if this goes on! If the last remaining water source gets polluted, it’ll be a long time before the hot springs will be available in this city again! The Axis Cult in this city will disband!”
“Isn’t that a good thing?”
“Waaahhhh!”
The voice of the three of us rang out in harmony. Aqua threw herself into Wiz’s arms and cried.
“Wait… Ev-Everyone! Stop joking with Aqua-sama! The important thing right now is…”
I wasn’t joking.
It would be great if that annoying cult was destroyed.
“What, are you all here again? No matter, there’s only one source left; the deed will be done once I contaminate it. Finally! I can finally destroy this damn city!”
This general of the Demon’s King army must’ve suffered greatly because of the Axis cultists while he was undercover in this city.
“Hey, how long have you been staying in this city?… Ah, by the way, you changed your form into that of the hot spring manager to get in, right? Where’s the real manager? He should be a blonde grandpa, he…”
“I ate him.”
Hans replied casually.
… Ate him?
“What, what did you say?”
“I said, I ate him. I’m a slime, isn’t eating an instinct? Anyway, my shape shifting ability only works if I devour–”
– The target.
When Hans was about to say that–
“Cursed Crystal Prison.”
A cold, calm voice echoed in the snowy hills.
“? Ahhh?”
With a cracking sound, Hans’s right arm and the contaminated source froze in an instant.
His right hand frozen with the hot spring, Hans let out a cry.
I looked toward the owner of the voice.
The one emitting an aura that befits the strongest undead, lich–was Wiz. The gentle Wiz I was familiar with was nowhere to be found.
Wiz looked at the screaming Hans with an expressionless face.
“My condition for staying neutral–not interfering with the Demon King’s army–is ‘the guarantee that, adventurers and knights aside, the Demon King’s army won’t harm civilians who are non-combatants’, right?”
“Wiz, stop! Undo your spell! Wiz!”
Wiz didn’t respond to Hans’s cries.
“It’s inevitable for adventurers to lose their lives in battle. They take the lives of monsters every day; that’s their livelihood. They must’ve made the resolve of being killed by monsters. It’s the same for knights; their salary is paid by the people, and in exchange, they must protect the citizens. It couldn’t be helped if they had to sacrifice their very lives…”
“Wiz! You really want to fight me? If we go at it for real, this area will be contaminated…!”
Before Hans could finish.
“But, the hot spring manager grandpa was innocent.”
Wiz said with a pained expression.
Someone was pulling the corner of my shirt. I looked back and saw Aqua and Megumin sticking close to my back.
… So, this is the serious Wiz; she was totally different.
Even I felt a bit afraid.
Darkness lowered her stance beside me, ready to cover Wiz at any moment.
Damn it, even the usually gentle Wiz was so serious about this.
I should also–!
“Wiz! Sorry, but I don’t plan to fight you! Let me finish my chores and leave!”
Hans said as he broke his frozen right arm before our eyes.
The frozen arm shattered. Immediately, a translucent arm grew from his stump.
Hans gave up his right arm and charged towards the last water source!
We gave pursuit to Hans relentlessly.
By the way, we’ve been running back and forth non-stop for a while now! What happened to my hot spring vacation? I wasn’t here to train; I came here to recuperate!
“Kazuma! That slime’s fast! Shouldn’t slimes be those soft, cute gooey monsters that move slowly?!”
It seemed like Aqua had the same impression of slimes as me.
Or rather, it was strange for slimes to be sentient.
If that was so, where was this guy’s brain?!
“Hans-san, I won’t let you destroy the hot spring! Cursed Crystal Prison!”
“!! Shit, I don’t match up well against you!”
Wiz froze Hans’s lower body with her spell. Right now, he was about ten meters away from the last water source.
A slime that had high resistance to magic, and a mutant boss level slime at that, was being subdued easily by Wiz. As expected of a lich.
However!
“I still have this ace in the hole! You’re as naive as you were in the past, Wiz!”
Hans tore off his right arm and threw it at the hot spring.
“Ahhh?”
Everyone except Hans and I watched helplessly as that arm flew in a beautiful arc toward the water source.
As for me…
“Snipe!”
I pulled my bow and used Snipe to hit the arm in the air away.
“What?”
Hans stared, eyes wide open in surprise, looking back and forth between me and the water source.
Gritting his teeth, he tore pieces of his lower body and threw them at the water source.
The accuracy of Snipe was dependent on the user’s agility and luck.
But no matter how high my luck stat was, I couldn’t handle this many targets!
“Aqua, use that magic that improves luck, the one you used during rock-paper-scissors!”
“Eh? O, okay!”
When we were deciding who should sit in the cargo compartment during the carriage ride, Aqua used a spell named ‘Blessing’.
Let’s use that to raise my luck stats!
“Blessing!”
“Snipe!”
The moment I received the buff spell from Aqua, my arrows’ accuracy and range were enhanced, hitting the targets without fail.
Seeing this scene, everyone aside from me and Hans sighed in relief.
“What, what’s this? Are you kidding me? What terrifying accuracy is this?”
Hans roared in anger.
Megumin answered.
“Don’t look down on this man’s luck! His stats might be weaker than a mage, but he’s survived fights with powerful foes thanks to his strong luck!”
“Hey, are you praising or mocking me?!”
I squabbled with Megumin while looking at the frozen Hans.
I didn’t feel nervous anymore.
Instead of not being nervous, it was more like carelessness.
Hans struggled painfully as he threw another body part out…
“Kazuma, shoot it down, shoot it down now!”
Aqua placed both hands on her hips with an easy smile on her face.
“Leave it to…! … Ah.”
“Huh? What is it, Kazuma?”
Aqua asked confusedly.
With a splash, one of Hans’s body parts fell into the hot spring.
“Eh?”
Including Hans, everyone except me made a surprised noise.
“… I ran out of arrows.”
“– Wah, wahhh!”
Aqua rushed to the source and went to stick her hand in.
“Aqua-sama, don’t do it! A part of Hans-san’s body fell into the hot spring! This is on a different level from the contamination earlier!”
Aqua ignored Wiz and stuck her hand in without any hesitation.
“Ahhh, it hurts, hot! Heal! Heal! Wiz, help me, the pipe of the last water source is going to be contaminated!”
Aqua endured the scalding water and healed her hand with magic as she asked Wiz for help.
“A, Aqua-sama! … Light of Saber!!”
Seeing this scene, Wiz chopped with her hand, using light magic to cut a part of the contaminated pipe.
She only sliced the part containing the polluted water off.
In that case, it can be repaired in just a few days.
As I was feeling relieved.
I heard cracking sound coming from Hans–the sound of something breaking.
“Kazuma, Ka, Kazuma…!”
Megumin made a frightened sound as she looked over there.
Hans–no, the shapeshifting slime that was Hans–
“This…! What a cute slime! Such a pity! If it wasn’t poisonous, I would bring it home as a pet!”
Darkness, whose brain probably melted, said some nonsense.
That slime expanded to the size of our mansion.
“That’s too big–!”
Unable to maintain its human form, the slime ballooned into a ball and crushed the trees around it, absorbing them into its body.
“Oh no, Hans is getting serious! Wiz, take care of that guy! Use that freezing spell from earlier! End this battle with that spell!”
We started scrambling out of the way while screaming. We kept dodging to avoid being absorbed by Hans.
“That spell isn’t big enough to cover Hans-san! He’s too large now! If I don’t drain some mana from someone…!!”
Wiz pleaded with me for help. Right now, the only one who could supply Wiz with mana was…!
“Megumin! Now’s your time to be the sacrifice! My mana isn’t enough, and draining Aqua’s mana will give Wiz unhealthy side effects!”
“Me? No, no, don’t wanna! I would rather blow that guy up with Explosion!”
“Don’t do that! You’ll pollute the entire hill!”
Aqua stopped Megumin sternly. Darkness started noisily taking off her armor.
Hey, you–!
“What are you doing? Why are you taking your armor off…?”
“If the opponent’s a slime, armor is useless. I’ll give them an opening, so I’m better off without it.”
Darkness took off the armor she treasured so much and returned to her casual wear. Her brain has certainly turned to mush.
“And I like this armor. You repaired it for me, so it’ll hurt me to see it melted or destroyed.”
After saying that, Darkness also threw her sword aside.
Physical attacks were useless against slimes.
Since it was useless, there was no need to hold on to this heavy weapon.
“Hey why are you stripping? Run!”
I grabbed Darkness’s hand and pulled her in the direction of the source.
And over there was–
“Wahhh! Kazuma! Kazuma-sama, help, ahhh!”
In the face of the approaching Hans, Aqua continued sticking her hand in the water source while wailing, refusing to flee.
“What are you doing, moron? Don’t bother with that now and run!”
“But, but! If I don’t defend this place, my believers will…!”
Darkness stood in front of Aqua, who, despite the pain, insisted on cleansing the hot spring.
The steely faced Wiz seemed to have resolved herself and came to Aqua’s side.
“Kazuma, what should we do? You always have dirty tricks up your sleeves! Hurry up and deal with this!”
“Why, you…! What do you mean by dirty tricks? Damn it, I’ll come up with something! So, you just do your thing!”
“Do, do my thing?”
Megumin hugged her staff and asked a little frantically.
“The only thing you can do! Deal the final blow to the General! Prepare your spell and standby near that guy!”
After giving my instruction, I left Megumin, who was lifting her staff up, and headed toward Hans.
The squirming gigantic block of black pudding wasn’t satisfied with the vegetation, and even swallowed the rocks and sand too.
After releasing its human form, it was probably being driven by its instincts.
Hans didn’t attack us; it just devoured the things around it and headed slowly toward the source.
The weapon in my hand and the skills that I had couldn’t harm it at all.
You could say that I was helpless before it.
Even if I used Freeze on it, it wouldn’t have any effect.
And Hans was too near to Aqua and the other’s position; too close to use Explosion.
We could just flee if Aqua gave up on the hot spring. However, the usually cowardly Aqua chose this time to display her guts.
I used up all my arrows, so I can’t even attract Hans’s attention…
… No, wait.
If the current Hans was moving according to its instinct…
If I use that thing before it…
“Aqua-sama, even if I exhaust all my mana, I won’t be able to freeze Hans-san at his current size! Let’s withdraw! Everyone in the Axis Cult wouldn’t want Aqua-sama to be hurt too!”
“No! If I don’t step up, who’ll protect my cultists? If I can’t even protect the homes of my devotees, then what would be the point of my existence? Also, cast some Freeze for me!”
Aqua refused to listen to Wiz’s pleas, and even asked her to cast Freeze.
There was Megumin who had prepared her spell and was ready to cast it, and Wiz who was shaking her hand and bracing herself.
Darkness placed her treasured armor and sword by her feet, along with the gifts she bought at the local specialties shop together with me.
“Darkness, bring those things beside your feet to me!”
“? Those things? – The specialty gifts?”
She obediently brought the gifts and ran to my side.
I flipped through my backpack and took the share I bought out too.
The Arcane buns and meat buns I bought from the round ear elf and the clean-shaven dwarf.
I threw those at Hans.
“Ah! What are you doing, such a waste! You’ll receive retribution for wasting food, Ka… Zuma…”
Darkness wanted to criticize my actions, but was dumbfounded after seeing Hans’s action.
Hans happily ate the snacks I threw.
It seemed that slimes were like humans; compared to vegetation and rocks, they prefer things that had proteins and high calories.
I grabbed all the gifts Darkness brought with her…!
“No, you can’t Kazuma! I’m planning to give these to my dear father and the servants…!”
I ignored Darkness, who sensed my intentions, and threw them in the direction away from the hot spring.
“You can buy gifts anytime! I’ll shop together with you! Stop being depressed and run!”
I tugged Darkness, who showed a sad face momentarily, and linked up with Aqua and the others.
Hans seemed interested in the gifts and squirmed in that direction.
“Wiz, after blowing Hans into pieces, can you freeze it?”
“If Hans-san is about half his current size, I should just barely manage with my remaining mana…”
Just barely… Good!
“Aqua, Wiz will freeze Hans when he blows into pieces; can you purify the hot spring alone?”
“I-I can! This is an emergency! I’ll show you my true ability!”
Seemed workable.
“I just need to protect everyone from getting hurt by Hans when it explodes, right?”
“Yes, I’m counting on you.”
At a time like this, we could only depend on Darkness’s strong body.
Aqua owned a holy relic that protects her from abnormal status like poison. She and the muscle-headed Darkness should be able to defend against the poison of the Demon King’s general.
… Probably.
I remember this girl spent a lot of her skillpoints raising her resistance against abnormal status.
The advantage of her concentrating on defense could only be seen in a crisis like this. I had no choice but to trust her.
Hans was still enjoying Darkness’s gifts before our eyes.
Immune to physical attack, high resistance against magic.
Just a single touch will kill you with poison, and defeating it will pollute the environment.
Why did I meet such a troublesome adversary?
What went wrong with my hot spring vacation?
I still felt my luck couldn’t be that good.
“Kazuma, how long do I have to wait? I’m ready to deal an elegant blow!”
Megumin, who had taken off her eye-patch, yelled excitedly, her red eyes shining.
After finishing the gifts, Hans finally came at us.
Maybe it was searching for new prey, or maybe he was driven by the remnants of his former self.
I lifted my hand toward Wiz.
“When I say go, Wiz will drain my mana away–just don’t let me die.”
“Eh?”
I heard Wiz yelp.
“… Well then, do it, Megumin– Go!”
“Leave it to me! Eat my huge explosive magic! Explosion–!!”
I witnessed Megumin blowing Hans to pieces with Explosion, and its pieces flying all over.
As Darkness protected us, I could feel my mana disappearing and my consciousness fading.
I’ll leave the rest to my comrades, who were only dependable during such a crisis–
–  Several days later.
As the heroes who saved the city–
“Uuuu… I-I worked so hard…! I-I really gave it my all… But…!!”
Together with the wailing Aqua, we made our way back to Axel.
“How should I put this…? For once, I actually feel sorry for Aqua…”
Megumin consoled Aqua on the rocky carriage.
Aqua kept looking out the window and sniveled from time to time.
– We destroyed Hans. Darkness did her role as a tank, protecting us from getting hurt by the debris from Hans. After that, Wiz, who had drained mana from me, froze all the remnants.
“… I wonder if dear father and the servants will like this…”
Darkness held the newly bought local specialty gifts and mumbled to herself expectantly.
This girl had a rather serious dad complex.
I shifted my eyes away from the cheery Darkness and said to Aqua:
“… Don’t you know there’s such a thing called moderation?”
“It can’t be helped, I thought the water source would be contaminated if I didn’t give it my all…! Wahhh, I worked so hard! This is too mean, ahhh!”
I ignored the wailing Aqua and looked at Wiz who was devoid of life.
Her already pale face was becoming transparent, as if she would disappear at any moment… Hey, that’s bad–!
“Hey, she’s going to disappear again! She’s disappearing!”
“Darkness, share your energy with her! Transfer some of it to Wiz, quick!”
“I-I understand! Come, Kazuma, take it!”
I frantically grabbed Wiz in the carriage.
I used Drain Touch on Darkness, who had the most vitality out of all of us, and transferred her energy to Wiz.
When we saw Wiz, who was on the verge of disappearing, recover, we breathed a sigh of relief.
At this moment.
Aqua, who was facing the window the whole time–
“I only tried to cleanse the hot springs with all of my powers! Why are they so angry?”
She started wailing because of that once again.
– After we reported to the adventurer’s guild that we defeated the Demon King’s General Hans, we received a lot of gratitude as the ones who resolved the contamination incident.
… Until they realized the fact that the hot spring water wouldn’t flow anymore.
After I was drained of my mana and lost consciousness, Aqua used all her might to purify the hot springs.
In the end, she turned all the water in the source into regular warm water.
As a side effect, the pitiful lich was almost purified because of this powerful cleansing magic.
In summary, the Demon King’s army’s goal of cutting off the financial lifeline of the Axis Cult had been accomplished by Aqua.
The main tourist attraction of the city was now gone.
Normally, we would be forced to pay a heavy compensation.
However, since Aqua did so to save the cult–as well as the city–, everyone forgave her. And so, the entire bounty from taking down Hans was forfeited.
We were supposed to teleport back to Axel via Wiz’s spell, but her condition wasn’t good, so we opted to take a carriage back instead.
“Listen to me! Both of you, listen to me! Please, just hear me out!”
“What is it? The carriage’s already shaking, can you not shake me even more?!”
“Go on, I don’t mind listening.”
Looking at Megumin and Darkness, Aqua said:
“The reason this incident turned out this way is because my powers are too strong. Even the clumsy Darkness and screwy head Megumin… That hurts! Lis-Listen to me to the end! The two of them must realize my true identity now, right?”
Aqua, who was subdued by Darkness and Megumin, didn’t give in.
“It’s about time for you to believe that I’m a real goddess, right?”
After hearing what Aqua said, the two of them turned silent.
“… Kazuma, let’s go to a more effective hot spring next time.”
“That’s right, a hot spring that can heal mental problems.”
“Why don’t you believe me?”
The carriage was really noisy.
Especially Aqua’s wailing.
“– That concludes the report. The crisis has been resolved.”
After reading the report handed to me, I took a deep breath to calm my wildly beating heart.
The priest who handed the report to me must be the same as me: acting cool on the outside, but on the verge of bursting with happiness.
Since just now, he’s been closing his eyes and uttering words of thanks.
“Purifying the hot springs of an entire city by herself. On top of that, the toxin from the Demon King’s general Hans and pieces of his body was all cleansed away–”
As he read the report, his voice trembled.
“To cleanse the remnants of the Demon King’s general… a large group of exceptional Archpriests would require several months to accomplish that. But–”
“That’s right, and the appearance of that great person…”
The priest who came to report said emotionally. His voice was trembling.
“Blue hair; blue eyes; wearing a hagoromo with a dignified and beautiful appearance.”
It’s true.
The joy was making him feel faint.
“What should we do next? Should we announce this to the cultists in the city…”
“Of course, we will. However, we’ll need to inform them in private. That great person might visit this city to play again. When the time comes, we need to tell them not to behave too respectfully, and not talk to her too casually… Also, what about the water source that’s been purified?”
“Yes, hot spring water doesn’t gush out anymore, but…”
“If I’m not wrong, the water can now heal wounds, and is very effective against undead monsters?”
“Yes, the holy water’s very strong too… Simply put, instead of operating a hot spring, the profits from selling this holy water would be higher.”
That was obvious.
After all, it was purified by the full power of that great person; it was only natural.
“… Speaking of which, we seemed to have burdened that great person with heavy debts…”
“… What should we do? We have to pretend we didn’t realize her identity for that great person to come visit again with peace of mind…
I replied.
“How about this. We’ll send an envoy to Axel, and return the compensation money in some sort of way…”
“… Good point, let’s do that then. By right, we should thank her for saving the city and apologize for burdening her with debts…”
Let’s wait for that great person to visit this city again and–
The priest lowered his head.
“Well then, I’ll do as you asked, Zesta-sama–”
“Yes, please do.”
After I finished, the priest bowed to me and left the room.
I read the report again and muttered gratefully.
“I offer you my most sincere thanks on behalf of the cult, Aqua-sama–!”
“Home–!”
“Can’t you say ‘I’m home’ properly?”
Aqua opened the door to the mansion in high spirits, and entered the home we were away from these past few days.
What did I do during this vacation?
As usual, I got dragged into some troublesome matters, and lost the mood when I realized it.
Never mind; I visited the hot springs and went into the mixed bath…
… Mixed bath.
Hmm? Was that really a mixed bath?
Didn’t I only bathe with that big sister called Wolbach?
And that big sister wrapped her body with a towel securely.
In the mansion, I did bathe with Megumin and Darkness before.
… Hmm, what’s with that?
Now that I think about it, wouldn’t it have been better if I hadn’t gone on that vacation?
Ara…
“What’s the matter? Why the weird face? Is this a new game?”
“I’m just imitating you. Looks just like you, right?”
While I was struggling against Aqua who pounced on me, Darkness said:
“Really, we just came back, can’t you two give it a rest? Have some tea and cool down, both of you.”
She took off her armor as she said that and went into the pantry.
“Phew, this place makes me feel the most at ease–although it isn’t adequate for the one who proposed the trip to say that.”
Megumin said as she jumped onto the couch in the living room.
“Hey Megumin, that’s my special holy seat!”
“If you want it, let’s decide it with a game.”
Megumin took out that board game she was great at and started playing against Aqua.
I sat on the other end of the couch and watched them play. Darkness came over with the tea she brewed.
This girl was always so clumsy; I didn’t think she could brew tea.
“Hey, Megumin, you’re using your Archwizard too cunningly. Here, take my useless Crusader, let’s trade.”
“Tactically speaking, I don’t need the Crusader. I reject the trade. It’s your turn, Aqua.”
“Hey, um, well, I know you two are talking about the game, but…”
I sipped on my tea as I listened to their mindless chatter.
Maybe because we just reached home after our trip, the relaxing atmosphere was comfortable.
However, something will certainly happen at a time like this.
I could tell from experience.
“Megumin! Hey, is Megumin here? And, is Kazuma-san here too?”
Along with an anxious voice, someone was rapping the door of the mansion.
See, here it comes.
“Here, here! Is that Yunyun? What’s the matter, something troublesome? Be it a Demon King’s general or a bounty target, just tell me what’s bothering you.”
I ranted nonstop as I opened the door. Yunyun was blinking her eyes right outside.
Her face was red.
She was out of breath, what happened?
“Um, um… This is very sudden… But…”
Yunyun seemed to be steeling herself as she bit her lips.
I drank my tea as I encouraged her to go on with an easy expression.
I was fearless now, already used to such developments.
“What’s the matter Yunyun? Looking for me?”
Megumin stood up. Yunyun shook her head and looked straight into my face.
Looking for me? I don’t care what kind of trouble it was–bring it on!
Yunyun shouted at me who was drinking tea leisurely.
“I…! I…!! I want to have Kazuma-san’s children!!”
I spat out the tea in my mouth.
Preview:
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Boring Bone, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Xenthur
“Explosion–!”
The calm and peaceful plain was trampled by brutal violence.
The shockwave of the Explosion radiated out alongside a loud bang, kicking up a dust cloud.
I picked up Megumin who’d collapsed onto the ground after exhausting her mana.
“How, how many points did I get…?”
Although she looked tired, Megumin’s eyes still looked sharp as she asked me.
“From the volume of the sound and destructive power… 85 points!”
“Urghh! As expected of Kazuma, I would’ve given that Explosion the same score. Kazuma’s progressing really fast…!”
“Fufu, after accompanying you every day, my judgement’s also improved. It’s fine to address me as the ‘Explosion connoisseur’. Here, let me give you a piggyback.”
“Ughh…”
I propped up Megumin who’d collapsed onto the ground.
“Explosions day in and day out, and you’re still not sick of it? Don’t you wanna change your class and learn other spells to become an excellent mage?
“Of course not. I’m already an excellent mage! How dare you complain after getting me?”
The excellent (self-proclaimed) mage said as she put her hands around my neck.
But I recently realized that this girl’s rather dependable if she’s used well…
I sighed and put Megumin onto my back.
– Tomorrow’s another busy day.
She said that she wouldn’t be able to cast her spell during the trip as she needed to conserve her mana, so I was dragged to accompany her to the so called daily Explosion ritual.
Really, how could she not be sick of this?
On our way back to Axel.
As the sky was gradually dyed red, Megumin who was on my back mumbled to herself.
“I’ll get one hundred points next time…!”
– I want to have Kazuma-san’s children.
When I heard these passionate words, my body turned stiff, and tea started leaking from the corner of my lips.
The blushing Yunyun’s fists were trembling.
I wasn’t the only one who stood stiff.
Everyone else was dumbstruck too.
That was obvious, since Yunyun suddenly blurted that out…
“Hey Megumin, can you hold on and not make your move yet? If you let me take back my move, I’ll give you this weirdly shaped rock I found in a hot spring  from Alcanretia.”
… No, there was someone who couldn’t read the mood at all right here.
And that was the troubled Aqua, who was sitting opposite of Megumin, with a chess piece in her hand.
I pulled myself together and wiped away the tea from my mouth. Darkness remained still with her teacup tilted-her tea spilling all over the carpet.
I placed my cup onto the table and asked Yunyun seriously.
“… What did you say?”
“I-I said, ‘I want to have Kazuma-san’s children’!”
Yunyun yelled out with a flushed face in answer to my query.
It seemed I didn’t mishear her words.
“… I want the first child to be a girl.”
“No, no, you can’t, the first born must be a boy!”
I thought she was an introverted girl, but she stood her ground stiffly when she needed to.
But I couldn’t give in either. All men want their daughter to address them as ‘daddy’…!
“No, hold on you two, why are you talking about boys and girls? How did the conversation progress to such a state? And Yunyun, why are you saying such nonsense? Do you know what you’re saying?”
Megumin came back to her senses and jumped.
“I-I agree with Megumin. You’re Yunyun, right? I don’t know what happened between you and Kazuma, but don’t be rash! Do you know what kind of man this thing is?”
Darkness said something unpleasant.
“Hmm? Please wait a moment! Yes, this is it! If I place the originally useless Crusader here…?”
Aqua was completely unaware of the commotion and mumbled to herself with a chess piece in hand.
Her opponent, Megumin, was grabbing Yunyun by the shoulders and shaking her violently.
“Wake up! Or rather, you’ll lose sight of things if you’re too rash! Please tell me in detail exactly what’s happening!”
“Be-Because!! If I don’t have Kazuma’s children, the world will–! The Demon King will…!”
Yunyun shouted through sniffles.
“Is that so, the world will… Don’t worry, everyone, you don’t need to say anymore. Leave the world and the Demon King to me. I’ll have a baby with Yunyun, defeat the Demon King and the world will be saved, right? How can I reject the request of someone in need?”
“Why, you! And you were always so resistant when I asked you to take on quests!”
“That’s right! You never listened to others, so why are you so eager at a time like this? And why don’t you have any doubts about this sudden turn of events?”
I said to the two of them who were interrupting me:
“Shut up! What are you two going on about just now? This is a matter between the two of us, right? Those not involved shjust shut up! It’s a rare chance for me to be so popular, so don’t get in my way!”
“This man’s twisting the facts and blaming us! And how am I not involved, my friend’s going to be abducted by a weirdo, of course I have to sound out!”
To shut the persistent Megumin up, I continued:
“After all, I’ve been meeting pretty girls and beautiful women all this while! it’s strange that there aren’t any developments at all! Aren’t we the heroes who defeated multiple generals of the Demon King’s army? Didn’t we resolve many incidents? It wouldn’t be weird for pretty girls who admire me or adventurers who want my signature to pop up!! Hey Darkness, you’re sort of a noble, so at least give me a medal in recognition of my merits!”
“Y-You! Don’t say that out loud, even if that’s how you feel! All your hard-earned achievements will be ruined if you say it out like that!”
Yunyun watched on as we squabbled.
“Please, please, calm down! Sorry, it’s all my fault, so please calm down!”
She timidly placed herself between us, but…
“I heard that people will normally get married between sixteen to twenty years old in this country, but it’s fine to do so from fourteen! Yunyun and Megumin are classmates, so she’s fourteen, right? Then there’s no problem! Wonderful, simply wonderful! A blissful life not bound by laws! The joy of not being a lolicon! This is the first time I’ve liked this world!! And what’s with the lot of you? Do you all have a thing for me? Jealous because I’m going to date Yunyun? Then just spit it out, you bunch of tsunderes!”
“This guy! Darkness, let’s get him! Let him taste death once more!”
“Yes, watch me beat up this useless bum who’s only good at yapping!”
“Oh? Oh? What, you want to fight? You girls never learn, huh! I can attack by using Drain Touch, and touching your body is proper self-defense! No matter where I grab, it won’t be sexual harassment!”
I opened and closed my hands rapidly to intimidate the two of them as Megumin gradually lifted her brows.
At that moment, someone tugged at the cape of Megumin, who was ready to pounce at any second.
“Hey, it’s Megumin’s turn to move. Look here, this is a move I’m confident of. Hurry up!”
“Explosion!”
“Waaahhhh!!”
Megumin shouted ‘Explosion’ as she flipped over the chessboard without even looking at it.
“Uhh… Uhh… I should’ve banned the Explosion rule…”
I glanced at Aqua, who was sniveling as she picked up the chess pieces scattered all over the carpet, as Megumin pointed her staff at me.
“Despite my appearances, I’ve been training everyday with the goal of being the strongest mage. Weak scum like Kazuma will be defeated easily even if I don’t use magic!”
“Hey, even I’ll take offence from that. What makes me dangerous is how I defeated so many powerful foes despite my low stats. I’ll never lose against a dumb explosion mage who can only use one spell. The muscle-headed crusader isn’t even worth mentioning.”
“Muscle-headed crusader?”
Amidst the atmosphere on the verge of a fight, Yunyun suddenly shouted with tears in her eyes:
“Megumin, listen to me! The home of the Crimson Demons… The Crimson Demon village is going to disappear!!”
“Please excuse our mediocre tea and hospitality.”
“No, it’s fine, thank you very much.”
Yunyun sat on the couch as ushered, accepted the tea from Aqua, and finally calmed down.
“… Well then, what’s going on? The Crimson Demon village disappearing is bad news. Can you explain it in detail?”
In response to what Megumin said, Yunyun wordlessly handed her a letter.
Megumin received the letter and took out two pieces of paper.
“… This is the letter sent by Yunyun’s father, the village chief, huh?”
‘By the time you receive this letter, I would have probably passed on from this world’…
Megumin’s expression gradually became serious as she read the content of the letter.
[Hires Version]
It was understandable for Yunyun to fall into confusion after reading the contents of the letter.
It seemed that a general of the Demon King’s army had appeared near the Crimson Demon village, and was building a military base with a large number of underlings there.
And the general seemed to have high magic resistance.
And right now, they couldn’t destroy that military base…
The letter emphasized how the village chief was placing the pride of the Crimson Demons on the line and was determined to die together with the Demon King’s General.
And finally…
‘I entrust the position of village chief to you… As the last of the Crimson Demons, don’t let our bloodline die out…’
“Hold on, isn’t there another Crimson Demon here?”
“Ignore that for now, look behind! There’s another page!”
When the agitated Megumin heard Yunyun say that, she started reading the other letter.
‘– The diviner in the village foresaw the attack of the Demon King’s army and a visage of despair for the Crimson Demon village. But that same diviner also saw a glimmer of hope. As the only survivor of the village, Yunyun…’
“Like I said, why is Yunyun the only survivor? What happened to me?”
“No, ignore that for now! Continue reading!”
“… As the only survivor of the village, Yunyun hid her goal of defeating the Demon King in her heart and focused on training. Sometime later, she’ll meet a certain man in the city of beginners. Unreliable and powerless, that man would be her future spouse.”
“… Why are you looking at me? Is the unreliable and powerless man referring to me? And Yunyun, you came here based on just that?”
Yunyun averted her eyes when she heard that.
“I’m going to read on, okay?”
‘Time passed in a flash. The child of the survivor of the Crimson Demons and that man was already at the age of youth. Just like his father, he became an adventurer and went on a journey. But that youth still didn’t know he would be the one who’ll avenge his clansmen and defeat the hated enemy–the Demon King…’
“?”
After hearing this, not just me, even Darkness and Aqua gasped.
“Our, our child will defeat the…?”
“Wait, wait! What’s with this nonsense? Hey Kazuma, someone as paranoid as you wouldn’t believe in something as vague as divination, right?”
“Hey, that would be troubling! It would be troubling for me!!”
While I was surprised by the heavy burden of my destiny, Darkness and Aqua started to panic.
… Hmm?
Could it be, they were jealous?
Ah, huh, really?
What a youthful scenario, it’s really–
“I don’t want it to be so troublesome, so can you hurry up and defeat the Demon King? It’ll take too long for Kazuma’s kid to grow up! Hey, at what age can one be considered a youth? Is three years okay? If not, let’s pretend that divination doesn’t exist!”
– Not at all.
And what do you mean ‘three years’, do you want a toddler to defeat the Demon King?
“The Crimson Demon village has powerful oracles! Which means that divination is…!”
“I understand, leave it to me. This is for the sake of the world, it can’t be helped.”
“Why you, you… Is this fine? You’re always wishy washy, so why did you pick today to be so decisive?”
[Hires version]
Darkness grabbed my collar and leaned her face close to mine. At this moment, Megumin, who finished reading, said in a soft voice:
“… On this page, the last part says, ‘Legend of the Crimson Demon Hero, Chapter 1, Author: Arue.’”
“?”
When Megumin said that, Darkness, Yunyun, and I all snapped our heads her way.
Aqua leaned over and read the letter.
“Let me see. Oh, the handwriting is different from the first page. The first page is written by Yunyun’s father. The second one has the postscript ‘postage is too expensive, so I asked the village chief to send it together with his. I’ll send chapter 2 over when I finish it’…”
“Ahhh–!”
Yunyun snatched the letter, crumpled it up, and threw it away.
“Waaahhhh, that’s too much! Arue, that idiot, ahhh!!”
Feeling confused, I asked Yunyun, who was kneeling on the carpet and wailing:
“Hey, explain to me what’s happening! Who’s Arue? What about our children? What should I do? Should I strip here or in the bedroom?”
“You can wash up, go to your room, and sleep… Arue’s my classmate from the Crimson Demon village. How should I put it; she’s a weird girl aiming to be an author…?”
Darkness showed an expression of relief when she heard what Megumin said.
“Oh, so it’s just a story… Hmm? Wait, what about the first letter?”
“The contents of this one should be true. The Crimson Demons have been an eyesore to the Demon King’s army for the longest time. This day was bound to come sooner or later anyway. They’re probably getting serious about attacking the Crimson Demon village.”
“Hey, wait, wait, what about my tender heart? Don’t mess with me! I was prepared to take my pants off and now you tell me this? What about Yunyun? Yunyun and I will become sweet lovers, right?”
“It won’t happen. You’re in the way, just step aside and play with Aqua… By the way, Megumin, why are you so calm? Aren’t you worried about your family and classmates? Your home village’s in danger, right?”
Prompted by Darkness’s words, the wailing Yunyun lifted her head suddenly.
“That, that’s right. Now’s not the time to be crying! Hey Megumin, what should we do? I think it’s true that our village’s being attacked! What should  we do?”
After listening to Darkness and Yunyun, Megumin said:
“We’re the Crimson Demons that even the Demon King fears, right? I don’t think the people in the village will helplessly await their demise. Also, if Yunyun, the daughter of the village chief, is here, the bloodline of the Crimson Demons won’t be broken no matter what happens to the village. So, I think it would be better to think about it this way–everyone in the village will live on in our hearts–”
“Megumin, you cold-hearted girl! Why do you act so heartless every time?”
Yunyun looked toward me with tears in her eyes and blushed cheeks.
“Um… Sorry for saying something weird so suddenly. How, how should I put this… Kazuma-san is the only man I know…”
“Oh, right. It’s fine. Anyway, what are you going to do? Isn’t your home village in danger?”
Yunyun wiped away the tears from the corner of her eyes and said:
“Yes, I’ll prepare to leave for the Crimson Demon village now. After all, it’s my home village; my f-f-friends are there.”
She probably wasn’t certain if they were friends.
“Well then, sorry for bothering you, everyone! Um, you too Megumin. Goodbye…”
We watched as Yunyun walked away lonelily.
“… Kazuma, will it be fine to let that girl go alone? I thought you would be driven by your lust and try to act cool by saying, ‘I’ll go with you’.”
“Didn’t she say a General of the Demon King’s army is attacking? Even if I went along, I would just get in the way. It’s dangerous and scary, and I’m tired after my journey back… But Megumin, if you’re worried about that kid, you can tag along with her, you know?”
“Th-this guy; you were just boasting about being a hero who took out the Demon King’s Generals! And why would I be worried about Yunyun? She’s my rival, okay? Something like an enemy to me.”
As Megumin said these strong words, deviously Darkness and I smiled at her.
“Hey, she might be saying that, but didn’t she look really uneasy all this while?”
“Don’t be so mean, Kazuma… But I know Megumin’s not being honest. Why don’t you give her a way out of this?”
Megumin glared at the two of us who were chatting happily.
“Hey Aqua, say something… Ah…”
I turned toward Aqua.
“Huu…”
And saw Aqua sleeping soundly on the couch.
It seemed that the discussion right now proved to be too difficult for her.
… In the end, Megumin secluded herself in her room on the second floor and sulked.
Darkness, who was in the living room with me, said:
“Hey Kazuma, is it really fine leaving her alone like this? Um, isn’t that Yunyun girl Megumin’s friend? I heard that she’s strong… But still…”
“It’ll be fine. She’s a real Crimson Demon and can use advanced magic. Or rather, she’ll be safer going alone instead of having us tagging along. After all, we have someone deeply loved by the undead in our team.”
I said as I looked toward Aqua, who was curling herself up and drooling on the couch.
Also, even though she was being stubborn now, after some time, Megumin would…
– That night.
After dinner, I was mulling away time in my room when I heard a soft knocking on the door.
“Please come in.”
Entering after hearing my response was of course…
“… Kazuma, are you free? I have something to discuss with you.
Megumin, who was in pajamas, seemed reluctant to speak.
“What are you doing here so late at night? Did Yunyun’s words ignite your competitive spirit, and you’re now here for a night raid?”
“Watch it, I’ll blow you away! Your verbal sexual harassment has been really going strong ever since I turned fourteen!”
I sat cross-legged on the bed and urged Megumin, whose face was flushed with rage, to go on.
Although I have an idea what she was going to say…
Megumin coughed dryly and said:
“Well, you know. I don’t really care what happens to Yunyun, but actually, I have a sister much younger than me back home.”
……
“That’s why, even though Yunyun has nothing to do with me, I’m still worried about my sister… Why, why are you laughing so deviously?”
I smiled deviously at Megumin who was making such a tsundere-like speech.
– The next morning.
After getting a map detailing the vicinity of the Crimson Demon village from the adventurer’s guild, I looked at everyone and said:
“Anyway, the situation is like this. This tsundere says she wants to go back to her home village, and I feel that going to the Crimson Demon village to play is a neat idea too.”
“Who’s a tsundere? Didn’t I say that I was worried about my little sister…?”
I patted the head of the persistent Megumin and interrupted her.
“The village seems to be at war with the Demon King’s army, so first we’ll watch the situation in the village from a distance. If it’s as dangerous as the letter suggested, we’ll go home immediately. If we discover any Demon King’s army forces, we’ll also go home. We have to do our best to avoid fights with monsters too!”
“That battle plan’s so depraved, as expected of Kazuma! But it’s fine. Even though we just returned from a trip… I’ll use my power to save the people in Megumin’s home village!”
Aqua, brimming with confidence after defeating a general of the Demon King’s army, said while clenching her fist.
“Crimson Demon village, huh? That’s a haven for powerful monsters. And there’ll be hordes of Demon King’s army forces attacking…! Ah, what if we get overwhelmed by their numbers and become their prisoners? Hey Kazuma, if that happens, don’t worry about me, just take care of yourselves!”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be very happy to dump you there. Please don’t come back.”
After answering decisively to Darkness who was blabbering nonsense, I picked up the bag I hadn’t even unpacked yet and left the mansion with the three of them.
We would normally need to travel by public coach, but I had a better idea.
“Hey Kazuma, where are we going? Aren’t we going to the Crimson Demon village with that Yunyun kid?”
“Yunyun left yesterday afternoon in a coach. We can’t catch up even if we go now. And I’ve had enough of traveling by coach. Also, there’s somewhere I want to go.”
– We reached the destination while I was conversing with Aqua.
“… Ugh. So, this is the place you want to go…? Um, I’m a Crusader who worships Eris-sama, so I don’t really want to be here… After all, there’s–”
“Welcome! The man who didn’t raise much in levels despite having a job that’s easy to level; the little girl who wasn’t of much use aside from relying on the power of her family name; the delinquent priestess emitting an annoying light; as well as the useless Crimson Demon who’s a master of a useless spell! Thou came at the right time!”
“This fellow here…!”
“Use-, useless Crimson Demon…?”
After the greeting from the shop worker who was cleaning the shop while wearing a strange mask, Darkness and Megumin groaned with frustration.
I came here to finalize my deal with Vanir, and I also had some business with this devil. However, …
Vanir ignored Aqua who was trying to intimidate him by swinging her fists, came behind me and pushed me into the shop while saying, “Please, come in.”
There was no sign of Wiz in the shop.
In place of her was a sobbing sound coming from the depths of the shop.
I said to the suspicious worker as he pushed me:
“What do you mean by ‘coming at the right time’? Did you import weird merchandise again? I’ll make this clear now, I won’t buy anything from this shop.”
“Don’t say that! Moi has no intentions of peddling garbage every time, this shall definitely suit your taste.”
Choosing the most opportune time, Vanir started promoting his product to us as we entered the shop, showing us a small box with its lid open.
“…? What’s this?”
“This is a magic item to repel the undead. Just by opening the cover, holy air that’ll keep the undead away will be emitted continuously, and will last for half a day. Well, you have a strange team member that attracts the undead, correct? You suffered much in thy previous journey because of that, right? With this, you would be able to sleep peacefully even if you camp outside!”
“Hey, that ‘weird teammate’ isn’t referring to me, right?”
Repel the undead, huh?
It seemed convenient just from the sound of it…
“Well, what are its demerits? There’s definitely something wrong with it, right?”
“There are none. The only bad thing about this is the high price and one-time usage. But it’s very effective! So effective that the clumsy shop owner couldn’t come out of the shop after accidentally opening the box, and has been crying all this while.”
“No, close the box and ventilate the place! So, that noise is Wiz crying? And Wiz too, why did she buy this…? But it really is convenient, so give me one. I’ll need it soon anyway.”
I thought about the need to camp outdoors as I opened my wallet…
“That’ll be one million eris! Thank thee for thy patronage!”
“So expensive?! At that price, I would rather fight with the zombies!”
Vanir ignored my protest and deftly placed a new box into a bag.
“Oh, this is nothing, dear customer. After all, customer, you are going to be a very wealthy man soon! All the intellectual property rights you own as of now are to be sold to moi for three hundred million eris! Will this contract suffice?”
He said as he produced a contract.
“Three hundred million eris…? If you give such a huge amount to this man, he’ll really become a bum who lazes around all day! However, that sounds good too…”
Darkness softly mumbled strange things to herself.
Aqua and Megumin pulled on my sleeves from either side, all smiles.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san. I want a pool in the mansion.”
“I want a mana freshener that’s said to improve mana recovery rate.”
“Oh, you zombies attracted to the smell of money. A pool and mana freshener both sound expensive, so I won’t even consider it right now. Rather than that, go pick out some items we might need for this trip.”
After telling that to Aqua and Megumin, they started browsing the items in the shop cheerfully.
I chose to let Vanir purchase the rights to all the merchandise I developed in one go.
I was always being dragged into troublesome matters.
Hence, I felt it would be better to run with the money right away if there was a need.
After all, this town had been attacked twice in just one year, once by the Demon King’s army and the other by Mobile Fortress Destroyer, and was in danger of being destroyed both times. It was only logical to be extra careful.
“– Well then, just deduct the cost for this undead repellent magic item from the three hundred million eris. It’ll be some time before you can raise the three hundred million, right?”
“Yes. Moi must apologize; after all, the loser shop owner who imported unnecessary junk increased our expenditure. Finances were already short before that. But moi will procure a large sum of money next week. Moi has gathered investors in this town.”
Next week, huh? Next week, I’ll be a rich man in this town!
“By the way, I have some business with Wiz. Can you please get her for me?”
After hearing my request, Vanir closed the box emitting white fog with a face of pity.
After opening the windows to ventilate the room, Wiz finally came out.
Fresh from a tiring journey, Wiz, who almost ascended to heaven yesterday, looked even more pale than usual. She welcomed us with a smile.
“Yo, Wiz, are you feeling well? Sorry for bothering you again today. I didn’t come here to buy stuff, but to seek your help.”
“…? Seek my help?”
I nodded at Wiz who tilted her head.
I explained the situation in Megumin’s home village and what my request was.
“– I see. So, I just need to send everyone to Alcanretia with teleport, right?”
To travel to the Crimson Demon village, we would need to go to Alcanretia and proceed from there.
This lady who was an undead lich but loved bathing really liked the hot spring we visited on our last journey, and had set Alcanretia as a teleport point.
While I was talking to Wiz, the others were browsing the merchandise in the shop.
“Um, hey Vanir, how effective is this potion that attracts monsters? What’ll happen if you get sprayed by this?”
“This is meant to be drunk. After drinking this, not just monsters, even the people in town, your family, and your comrades will detest you and attack. This is an excellent product that complements your twisted fetish perfectly. Want one?”
“… Even my family and friends…? Ugh, it would be troubling if they keep hating me, but if the effect is temporary, I might consider buying…”
“… Oh, there are potions that increase the effectiveness of a specific spell temporarily. Are there any potions that’ll enhance the power of explosion spells?”
“Right now, the only spell enhancement potions we have in stock are for Curse Magic and Marsh Magic. The Curse Magic potion will increase the area of effect of your spell, so you yourself will also be rendered immobile if thee use it against an enemy. The same with Marsh Magic, it increases the area of effect and will drown the caster in the marsh too.”
“Useless products… And what about this doll with such a strong sense of presence?”
“Those are Vanir dolls, made by embedding fragments of moi mask. A great product that wards off evil spirits out of their fear for moi. This is also the only hot selling product in this shop. It’ll laugh in the middle of the night, but its effects are splendid. There are no evil spirits in your mansion, but there is a spirit there… How about getting one?”
“Laughing in the middle of the night is just like having an evil spirit in the mansion. And if there are any spirits in the mansion, our Aqua won’t let it off anyway.”
“Hey, wait, Megumin still doesn’t believe what I said? Didn’t I mention that there’s a spirit of an aristocratic girl living in the mansion? Because she’s a pitiful child, I didn’t purify her and let her roam free!”
“Yeah right. That spirit will occasionally drink Aqua’s wine, right? I get it, I get it.”
“Even Darkness? Believe me!!”
How, how noisy…
While I was distracted by the people behind me, Wiz said with a nostalgic expression:
“But, the Crimson Demon village… I went to purchase supplies in that village in the past. I went to visit a famous magic item crafter called Hyoizaburo back then, but he wasn’t home, unfortunately…”
Megumin, who came to my side, gasped softly.
“Please, please, wait a moment. Did you say Hyoizaburo?… By the way, when did you visit the Crimson Demon village?”
“I visited about two years ago? Right, right, when I visited the craftsman’s home, there was a cute girl that resembled Megumin-san very much who greeted me…”
When she heard that, Megumin held her head and squatted down.
“What’s the matter? Something wrong?”
“No, it’s nothing… Just that my unnecessary judgement disrupted your business trip…”
As Megumin was saying something strange, sounds of an argument came from behind her.
“Don’t touch that, you plague goddess! Every potion you touch turns into water!”
“What kind of attitude is this? Aren’t customers goddesses? On top of that, I’m a real goddess! Show the appropriate respect for a goddess!”
“You are thick-skinned enough to say that after destroying moi merchandise , you goddess of poverty? Hey Wiz, moi heard what you were saying! You are sending these bunch away, right? Do it before she destroys all the merchandise in the shop!!”
When Wiz heard what Vanir was yelling, she prepared her spell with a wry smile.
“Hey brat!”
Vanir whispered into my ears:
“Since thee purchased an expensive merchandize, moi will gift you this advice. The devil of prophecy warns… At the destination of thy journey, there will be a time when thy comrade will share their doubts and approach thee for advice. That comrade will change her path according to thy words. Thou should consider it carefully and give an advice thy won’t regret.”
He said something deeply profound.
Although this guy’s advice had always been dubious.
After shutting Aqua up, who was still complaining , the four of us gathered in one spot.
“Well then, I wish you a safe journey…! Teleport!!”
I opened my eyes, which I closed on reflex because of Wiz’s spell.
Before me was the city of water and hot springs, Alcanretia.
To think that after just one day, I was back in this city I thought I would never see again…
“Hey, hey Kazuma. Kazuma.”
“We’re leaving right away, I don’t want anything to do with your religion and cultists anymore.”
“But why?”
After rejecting Aqua who wanted to spend a night in this city, I looked for information regarding Yunyun.
Yunyun set off yesterday.
She probably went by public coach, but the distance from Axel to Alcanretia would require an entire day even if she set off in the morning.
That’s why I figured that we arrived here before her thanks to Wiz’s teleport spell.
… But, when she heard about my plans to meet up with Yunyun when she arrived–
“Kazuma, I’m not going back home because I’m worried about Yunyun, but for my sister. So, let’s move on. If it’s her, she’ll catch up soon, don’t worry.”
Megumin said with an awkward face.
She seemed adamant about her excuse of being worried about her sister.
…What a tsundere.
In the end, we didn’t stay long in Alcanretia before leaving the city and setting off for the Crimson Demon village.
It would be troublesome if we met Axis cultists. It didn’t really matter to me either way…
However, there was no public coach that was heading for the Crimson Demon village.
The way to the Crimson Demon village was said to be dangerous terrain even caravans wouldn’t risk.
Most importantly, the Crimson Demons could teleport between cities freely.
So, there was no need for caravans to risk a visit.
“It’ll take two days to walk from this city to the village. Many dangerous monsters frequent the road there, so we need to rely on Kazuma’s Enemy Detection skill.”
After leaving Alcanretia, we walked along a smooth road toward the Crimson Demon village.
To be frank, camping in a place full of dangerous monsters sounded scary.
I hoped to close the distance as much as possible during the day.
“Don’t worry, leave it to me. Didn’t I defeat some mob monsters in the previous journey? I raised a level back then. With the excess skill point, I learned the rogue skill Escape. With this, I can run away at any time.”
“Hey, isn’t that skill only effective for Kazuma alone? Do you mean you’ll escape by yourself if you detect any enemies?”
I ignored Aqua who raised a sensitive topic.
Our formation was Darkness taking the vanguard, followed by me, Megumin, and Aqua.
“Kazuma’s job is Adventurer, which levels easily, right? But after such an intense battle with a Demon King’s general , you only raised one level? My level raised to 33 in one go!”
“Hey, don’t flash your adventurer’s card in front of me or I’ll snatch it and throw it away. It can’t be helped, you can steal the kill on the general and blow tons of mob monsters in one go. On the other hand, my only means of attack is this sword with a weird name and a bow.”
After walking for some time, we reached a forest.
Darkness, who was in front, suddenly stopped.
“… Hmm, someone’s there.”
When we heard Darkness, we looked in that direction…
At the entrance to the forest, a green haired girl sitting on a boulder seemed to have spotted us, and started waving.
What was she doing alone there?
… I shifted my gaze to the girl’s leg.
On her right ankle were blood-stained bandages. She would glance at her right feet from time-to-time with a pained expression.
She then lifted her head and looked our way.
When she did, one of my skills reacted.
… How should I put this?
… This world is cruel!
“Aren’t you hurt? Hey, are you alright?”
I grabbed the shoulder of Aqua who was carelessly approaching the girl.
When they noticed my actions, not just Aqua, even Megumin and Darkness turned to look at me.
“My Enemy Detection skill activated. That’s a monster in disguise.”
“Huh?”
I ignored the gaze of the girl who was looking this way with a sad expression. I kept my guard up while taking out the map to the Crimson Demon village which I got from the adventurer’s guild.
Information about monsters found along the road was published on it too.
I searched for a monster that matched the description of this girl…
And found it.
‘Tranquility girl’… That’s her name.
Aqua said to me while I was reading the details:
“Hey Kazuma, I think she’s looking at you with very sad eyes. I feel the urge to cast a healing spell on that child.”
I kept on grabbing the shoulder of Aqua who was saying that, and read the explanation panel of ‘Tranquility girl’.
‘Tranquility girl. This plant type monster won’t harm people physically… However, it’ll give travelers a strong urge to protect it, luring them to its side. The temptation is hard to resist, and if you become emotionally attached, you’ll be trapped until death. It’s rumored that this monster possesses high intelligence, but that’s still inconclusive. It might sound cruel, but any adventurer team that encounters this monster must exterminate it.’
“Hey Kazuma, she looks like she’s about to cry. Is that really a monster?”
It was uncharacteristic of Darkness to sound so worried.
‘As the monster will smile with relief when travelers stay by its side, it’s hard to leave her. It’ll show a crying face if you want to leave. The kinder you are, the more likely you’ll be trapped by this monster, so please use caution.’
“Ka-Kazuma, that child’s smiling while doing her best to hold back her tears. She’s waving as if to say goodbye. I really feel like going over to give her a hug.”
I unhanded Aqua and turned to grab the collar of Megumin who spoke just now.
‘Once you’re trapped, it’ll cling on to you, making it hard to get away. Also, when the traveler tries to leave because of hunger, the most dangerous thing this monster will do is pick the fruit it bears and offer it to the traveler. It tastes delicious and gives those who eat it a sense of being full… However, the fruit contains no nutrients, so whoever eats it will slowly wither away no matter how much they eat. The traveler will be stricken by their conscience when they see the girl cutting and offering the fruits it bore itself. In the end, they won’t even eat, and will die of malnourishment.’
“Ugh…! Even if she’s a monster, ignoring a casualty is…”
Darkness who couldn’t bear it any longer approached the tranquility girl.
As the map stated that the monster wouldn’t attack physically, I didn’t stop Darkness and continued reading.
‘Eating the fruits of the tranquility girl for long periods of time will result in the danger signals sent by your body for hunger, fatigue, and pain being cut off. The fruits might contain something that affects the central nervous system. Hence, travelers will stay close to the girl and grow frail in a dream-like state. There have been many cases of old adventurers seeking a peaceful and tranquil death, which is the origin of the name, ‘Tranquility girl’… After that, the tranquility girl will enroot itself on the body of the dead traveler, using it as nutrients–’
… I stopped after reading up to this part.
I released my hand unconsciously; Megumin and Aqua immediately ran to that girl.
Everyone was hesitant about touching it after learning it was a monster, but they all showed an uneasy expression.
The tranquility girl seemed to be asking, ‘Are you going to stay by my side?’, looking at the three of them with eyes filled with expectation.
The protective instincts of these three were probably stimulated by her gaze, as their hands kept opening and closing.
“It’s a type of vegetation monster that won’t deal physical damage, but it’ll stop travelers by stimulating their protective instincts, starve them to death, and enroot them.”
When they heard what I said, they seemed relieved, and walked to the tranquility girl’s side.
… Didn’t they hear the part about starving travelers to death?
“I’ll heal your wounds! … Huh? These aren’t wounds. These aren’t bandages either, just something that looks like it.”
After hearing Aqua, I went closer to observe the girl.
The tranquility girl was wearing clothes that were common for girls in town.
She was bare footed and was smiling happily as we surrounded her.
Looking carefully, the boulder under her butt was also a part of her body.
Behind the boulder was something like a branch; small fruits were growing on it.
Be it the clothes she was wearing or the blood-stained bandages, all these were mimics to draw the attention of people.
Disguising herself as a girl who couldn’t move due to her injury… how evil.
The three of them didn’t care about what I was thinking and started doting on the tranquility girl.
Megumin gently reached her hand out and the tranquility girl showed a hesitant face that seemed to be saying, ‘Can I hold your hand?’, and took Megumin’s hand.
After holding Megumin’s hand tightly, her expression changed to that of happiness from the bottom of her heart.
… The three of them were completely taken in by that expression.
I heard that the Crimson Demon village was in crisis, but this thing was a danger in another way.
I remembered the warning about the monster.
‘The kinder you are, the more likely you’ll be trapped by this monster, so please use caution.’
And…
‘Any adventurer team that encounters this monster must exterminate it.’
I stood before tranquility girl and drew out my katana, Chunchunmaru.
“Hey, what are you thinking Kazuma? Are you going to use this child to earn experience points?”
When she saw me do that, Aqua hugged the Tranquility girl as if to protect her.
No, hold it, that’s a monster!
It’s a monster that kills people!
“I heard about tranquility girls before. However, we can’t hurt a monster with an appearance of a girl, right? Although Kazuma’s renowned for being an evil bastard, I know Kazuma has a side that cares for his comrades, a kind and gentle side. Kazuma wouldn’t do something like that… You wouldn’t, right…?”
Megumin held the hand of tranquility girl and looked up at me with pleading eyes.
Just like a kid pleading to her parents not to send a kitten she picked up off to animal control.
… I-I wasn’t doing this because I wanted to.
Darkness seemed hesitant just now, but seemed to remember that this was a monster–
“… No. If Kazuma decided to exterminate it, then it should be done. I came over because I thought it was injured, but it wasn’t hurt at all. Judging from this, this monster must be a very cunning mimic. If we leave it alone, there’ll be more victims in the future.”
She drew out a great sword while saying this, and took a stance against the tranquility girl.
At this moment, the tranquility girl said, with a lisp like a child, and a voice that was soft and vague:
“…Want kill… Me…?”
The tranquility girl held onto Megumin’s hand like a drowning man grasping at straws as she raised her head and looked up at Darkness. Tears filled her eyes as she quivered nonstop.
So, it could talk…?
The great sword in Darkness’s hands started shaking intensely, and she looked at me with an expression completely identical to the tranquility girl.
Even you? Looking at me with such eyes. What the hell!
I pushed the immobile Darkness aside and walked forth with my unsheathed katana.
Aqua stood before the tranquility girl to block my way, waving her fists as if she was a boxer.
… This girl was an actual goddess. Why was she so easily charmed by this monster?
The tranquility girl looked at Megumin, who was holding its hand, then said to me timidly:
“…Want kill… Me…?”
Seeing the teary-eyed girl tilting her head to express her doubt, it felt like a knife was tearing away my insides.
The three people and one monster stared at me.
Pull yourself together, this monster will kill people.
If leave it alone, someone else might fall victim to it. I didn’t want to say anything grandiose, but leaving a monster alone would be wrong, right?
Or was exterminating it wrong?
Uwaaahhh!
Seeing me stab the katana into the ground and scratching my head from this dilemma, Aqua said:
What illogical thinking, just like that of a bum.
But wait, there was another reason why I couldn’t let the tranquility girl off.
The things that were happening in Megumin’s home village.
The place we were going has a general of the Demon King’s army and minions waiting.
I don’t plan to fight them, but to be on the safe side, I still want to raise my level as much as I can.
Since tranquility girl was a monster found in such a dangerous habitat, it should yield quite a bit of experience if I defeat it.
The three of them looked at me with complicated expressions.
As well as the tranquility girl who had a face of unease.
I had a proper reason to do this.
If I don’t exterminate this monster, there might be victims in the future.
… Ahhh, damn it, it can’t be helped, so please forgive me!
That’s right, even though its appearance was human, it was still a monster on the inside, a monster, monster…!
… Seeing how conflicted I was, the tranquility girl said in a soft voice:
“You look painful… Sorry because I live…”
The tranquility girl said as she showed a fragile smile.
“Because, I, monster live… Will cause trouble…”
Specks of tears appeared in her eyes.
“Since born, first time, talk with humans…”
It clasped its hand before its chest as if in prayer.
“First, and last time met with you, wonderful… If, another life… Next time, not monster, will be wonderful…”
After saying its piece, it closed its eyes in resignation.
… No way I could do it.
We let the Tranquility girl off and carried on walking down the road.
I didn’t want to care about that anymore.
Someone might fall victim to it in the future, but I was not so persistent in the belief that human lives were the most important, and would not kill a monster with an appearance of a girl.
… That Tranquility girl would definitely charm someone who was going to pass through there.
After all, even after we agreed to spare it, everyone was still reluctant to leave. Aqua and Megumin were hesitant to leave, making me spend a lot of effort to herd them forth.
Ahhh, how annoying. Be it kill or spare, both options leave a bad taste in the mouth; this monster was really evil.
However, it said this was the first time it spoke with a human, so no one had fallen into its hands yet.
So, sparing it would be…
Fine…?
“— But I am so glad that Kazuma still has some shreds of humanity in him. I thought you would say ‘become my experience points!’ and murder it, then burn it away with fire magic.”
“I think there is a need to talk with you about how you normally see me. All of you should know very well that I won’t do something like that, right?”
I said as I looked towards Darkness and Megumin…
“……”
The two of them averted their eyes in silence.
I really want gentle comrades who could really understand me.
… Eh?
“Hey, wait. Isn’t it bad if there is a Tranquility girl on this path?”
Speaking of gentle comrades, I remembered Yunyun who would be right behind us.
If that kid with no friends, who feared loneliness and paid extra attention to her surroundings, were to pass this way…
The Tranquility girl said that we were the first humans whom she spoke to.
In that case, Yunyun was definitely behind us.
“Your face is the same color as Wiz, what’s the matter? Does your stomach hurt? There’s some trees there, we will keep away so go there and settle it quick.”
“That’s not it! Hey, you girls go first! I’m going back to the Tranquility girl; I have something to discuss with it!”
“Huh, wait, wait Kazuma?”
I ignored the confused voice of Aqua and charged back the way we came.
It hadn’t been five minutes since we parted with the tranquility girl.
I’ll reach her soon if I run there.
It might be a bit thick-faced of me, but let’s try asking that girl.
Ask it to not smile or wave at a girl with red eyes that might pass by this road.
I thought about it as I ran.
Right, if talking worked, I could try asking her not to seduce travelers.
… Yes, that’s right!
I could request the Axis cultists in Alcanretia to send it things that can serve as nutrients periodically, so that gentle monster won’t attack humans anymore…!
I would be a rich man after going back to town anyway.
It won’t be a problem even if I foot the bill to feed it.
I came up with a plan as I charged back to its place…!
– In the place we were just now, I could see someone talking to the tranquility girl.
I immediately used Lurk and observed the situation with Farsight.
The one talking to the tranquility girl was a lumberjack.
Someone living in Alcanretia?
The lumberjack approached the tranquility girl with an axe.
Was he planning to exterminate that child…?
Without dismissing my Lurk skill, I crouched and moved closer to eavesdrop.
And so, I heard the man’s voice.
“Ahh… Damn, why must it be so…? Sorry, I’m sorry! Forgive me! It’s the rule of the lumberjacks which dictates that I must exterminate you upon discovery…!”
The lumberjack was on the verge of tears.
So, he was planning to murder this child?
I was about to dismiss my Lurk skill…!
“Because, I, monster live… Will cause trouble…”
Just then,
“Since born, first time, talk with humans…”
Word for word.
“First, and last time met with you, wonderful… If, another life… Next time, not monster, will be wonderful…”
The tranquility girl said the exact same line as before.
“Ah… Ahhh… I can’t do it. Damn, I can’t do it!”
The lumberjack screamed as he turned and ran.
I didn’t cancel my Lurk skill and just stood in the shade of the trees, speechless.
… Hmm?
I thought it said to me that I was the first one it talked to.
“Ahhh~, failed again. That lumberjack looked quite meaty and would’ve been great fertilizer…”
… After the lumberjack was out of sight, I heard the voice of the tranquility girl speaking smoothly.
I sneaked to the back of the tranquility girl and cancelled my Lurk skill.
But the tranquility girl didn’t notice that I was behind it.
“Uwaaahhh… Damn it, no fertilizer’s coming… It’s a bit cloudy, but let’s photosynthesize a little… Sigh– What a pain.”
It mumbled and stretched itself to expose its entire body to the sunlight…
Leaning back, it locked eyes with me standing behind it.
“……”
After staring at each other wordlessly for a moment, the tranquility girl finally said softly:
“Just now, those words, could you, pretend you, didn’t hear them…?”
“So, you could speak fluently, and were playing me like a damn fiddle!!!”
– I caught up with Aqua and the others and found them taking a break at the same spot, probably waiting for me.
Seeing my face as I ran over, Aqua smiled.
“You looked refreshed, what happened? What did you say to that child? And why did you have to go back anyway?”
In response to Aqua, I showed them my adventurer’s card with a brilliant smile.
“Look everyone! I raised three levels in one shot! This way, I’ll be of some use after going to Megumin’s place!”
After hearing what I said, the three of them stood there stiffly.
And then…
“Waaahhhh… Waaahhhh! Kazuma, you demon! Evil demon! Compared to you, Vanir’s much cuter!”
“Ah… Ahhh… Ahhh… It’s all my fault… All because I mocked Kazuma after raising so many levels…! Kazuma laid his hands on that child because I agitated him…? It’s, it’s all because of my arrogance that I did all that…!”
No, all of you wait.
… I was about to explain to the two crying girls when I noticed Darkness standing stoically at the side.
I turned and looked at her.
“It must be painful, right?… You fulfilled the obligations of an adventurer. Sorry, I left such an unpleasant task to you…”
Darkness said with a pained and serious expression…
– I spent an entire hour trying to explain to them what happened.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Boring Bone, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Xenthur
As night was about to fall, we cleared large pebbles and pieces of rocks from the side of the road and laid out a piece of cloth to sleep more comfortably.
A cloth big enough for a picnic blanket–well, from the way we were using it, it was a picnic blanket.
The monsters in the vicinity were very strong.
We didn’t start a fire as it would be troublesome if we attracted monsters, and we chose to stick close together as we slept in the darkness.
After opening the lid of the undead repellent magic item that I purchased from Vanir, everyone placed their bags on the center of the wide blanket. Resting our backs onto our bags, we leaned on each other.
Probably because it was cloudy today, we couldn’t see any stars at all.
With my night vision from my Farsight skill and my Enemy Detection skill, I could detect enemies even in the dark.
Therefore, I would be staying up all night to keep watch.
It might be too much for me to handle alone, so the other three decided to rest in shifts.
Megumin and I took the first watch.
“… Kazuma, are you really fine with not sleeping? It’s true that from the type of skills you have it would be better for you to be awake, but…”
Darkness said to me.
“Don’t worry. I have the characteristic of being strong in staying up all night. In the country I was from, staying up all night was nothing to me.”
Megumin asked after hearing that:
“By the way, where did you and Aqua live in the past? I’m curious about your country. From the merchandise you developed, that country seems to have plenty of convenient magic items. I wonder what kind of life you had lived there, too. Just what kind of lifestyle could train up the characteristic of ‘being strong in staying up all night’…”
Darkness seemed intrigued by the topic Megumin brought up and glanced at us from the side.
What kind of lifestyle, huh…?
In the quiet darkness, I thought back to my peaceful life back in Japan.
For some reason, conversing in the dark like this felt like a night during a school excursion. Feeling melancholic, I started to recount my memories.
“I see… I was a Ranker in my country.”
“…? Ranker?”
Megumin and Darkness asked at the same time.
It was normal for the people in this world to not know about Rankers.
“If I must explain, it means someone with a high ranking. I was known to my comrades as ‘Kazuma-san who’s only lucky in getting rare drops’, ‘Kazuma-san who’s always online no matter what time I log in’, and so on… Anyway, I had all sorts of nicknames and was trusted by everyone. We raided fortresses, hunted powerful bosses; those were enjoyable times… Staying up all night was a norm. I didn’t eat proper meals, and only slept two hours a day before returning to my quest to hunt monsters…”
After hearing this, gasps came from beside me.
“How, how amazing… Attacking fortresses and hunting bosses…! I see, Kazuma reacts so quickly to any changes in situations because of the experience you accumulated…! How, how amazing…!”
Darkness said to me excitedly, with respect written all over her face.
“It’s hard to believe those words since I know how Kazuma usually is… But why, why do I get the feeling you aren’t lying? Just now, you were brimming with confidence and nostalgia…”
Even Megumin was saying something like this.
Aqua, who was right behind me, said:
“… Hey Kazuma, can I explain what MMOs are?”
“Please don’t do that.”
I promised Darkness, who said, ‘If anything happens, wake me up even if you need to be a little violent,’ that I’ll use an amazing way to wake her up in one shot, and started the watch with Megumin.
“… Um, what’s that amazing way to wake her up you mentioned? Let me make this clear first, you can’t cross that line with comrades, okay? You understand, right?”
“That’s the kind of creature men are, if you tell them it’s a wall they can’t climb over, they’ll want to scale it… That’s right, the higher the wall in life, the higher the mountain, the more one will want to overcome it. These are the same things.”
“No, that’s not it! Don’t mix that up with such a positive motivational speech! I’m starting to feel that taking a watch together with Kazuma is really dangerous!”
After Megumin said her piece agitatedly, Aqua turned in her sleep with a moan.
“……”
The two of us fell silent, thinking it would be bad to wake her up.
Finally, the sound of her rhythmic breathing started again.
We sighed in relief when we heard that sound.
“Speaking of which…”
Megumin whispered–
“The topic we discussed before they slept… you came from a different nation, right?… Um. Kazuma, you never thought of going back?”
She asked timidly.
“I can’t go back even if I wanted to. Even if I do, I’ll just live a busy and meaningless life once again. I feel that my current life isn’t too bad. After the trip to the Crimson Demon village is done, I’ll be able to get three hundred million eris from Vanir and be a rich man. After that, I’ll live an interesting and peaceful life with everyone.”
There wasn’t much difference in being a NEET here and being a NEET in Japan.
The only difference was whether I would trouble my family.
There were games and computers in Japan, but not things such as succubus service; that’s about it.
Defeat the Demon King and return to Japan.
I didn’t know why, but that felt really reckless to me.
I thought about seeing my family again, but I’m dead in Japan after all…
I was promised that any wish would come true if I defeat the Demon King, but could they fine tune these details?
– Megumin sighed in relief after hearing what I said.
“Is that so…? I like my life right now too, so this is good. We get into danger often, but everyone will work together to get through it. I’m very satisfied with my fun life right now.”
How could a life of falling into danger frequently be fun? I was about to say that when…
Megumin leaned on me and exhaled, holding my left hand tightly in the dark.
The sensation of Megumin’s smooth hand.
The touch of our hands.
– For some reason, I became very nervous.
Oh no, what was with this bittersweet feeling?
What should I do, what was this kid doing?
Why did Megumin suddenly hold my hand?
Yunyun’s announcement about wanting to have my child, and now this. Is my popular period here?
My past bittersweet memories flashed in my mind.
My first crush was my childhood friend who told me in primary school, ‘Let’s get married after we grow up’.
In the summer of middle school, I saw her sitting on the back seat of a delinquent senior’s bike. I couldn’t describe the feeling that came over me and I didn’t go to school anymore, spending my time in online games.
After that, I forewent sleep to exterminate monsters all day and night, and reached a status where the people who didn’t know about me were in the minority…
I spent the most important time of my life in self-torture, wasting my youth and school life. And now, I’m sitting shoulder-to-shoulder  with a beautiful girl and holding her hand.
Oh no, what should I do, what should I do about this?
Is she tempting me?
Should I say some lines that match the mood?
I had never thought anything about Megumin before, and of course, I don’t have any romantic feelings for this loli now, either.
But for virgins who have no immunity against women, we’ll be very  self-conscious if a member of the opposite sex suddenly does something like this. Don’t you even know that?
I steeled myself to say a line that matched the mood…
I noticed at this moment–
“… Zzz…”
– With no regards for my nervousness and conflicted feelings, she was making deep sleeping sounds.
… This kid!!
“… Really, it’s all because Kazuma and Megumin were so noisy last night that I didn’t sleep well.”
“Sorry for the disturbance, but this loli fell asleep mid-way through her watch. Also, when it was your turn for the watch you wouldn’t get up no matter what, so how dare you complain. In the end, Darkness took your watch too.”
“No, I heard that Megumin was woken up in an amazing way by Kazuma when she dozed off, so I was wondering what would happen to me if I fell asleep mid-way through my shift. My heart was pounding non-stop and I couldn’t sleep…”
“Ughh… He, he did something really ridiculous to me…”
There was a bit of commotion last night, but we still welcomed the morning safely.
After settling breakfast casually, we argued about things as we proceeded without any tension…
“This is really…”
I stopped in the middle of the road and muttered to myself.
And surveyed the endless plains stupendously.
If we walk in such a place without cover, I won’t be able to use my Lurk skill.
We could only rely on Megumin, but unleashing a spell in a place with such a clear view will attract other monsters because of the noise, so it was useless.
But this was a path we had to take to reach the Crimson Demon village…
Even if I could detect monsters with my Enemy Detection skill, it was too open here and we would be discovered before the skill had any reaction…
There was no choice but to rely on my Farsight skill at a time like this.
Instead of relying on Detect Enemy, I just need to see the enemy before they see me.
“Hey, I’ll walk ahead alone, so all of you be prepared to run away at a moment’s notice. Aqua, cast a speed buffing spell on me so they won’t be able to catch me.”
If I got detected by a monster, I could use the Escape skill I learned recently. With Aqua’s buffing support, I could act as a decoy to lure the enemy away from the three of them behind me and hide somewhere.
I took off my chest plate, gauntlet, and greaves, handing them over to Aqua.
In a situation like this, I would prefer not to be weighed down.
To make it easier to run, the only weapon I kept was a dagger.
“You’re all ready to run at any moment, just how thick-skinned are you?”
I replied to Aqua:
“Well, I couldn’t fight the monsters around here head on anyway. The monster names listed in the information column all looked tough. And they won’t come one at a time, so I have to try my best in avoiding battle and adopt the policy of running away.”
The information listed names like ‘One-strike Bear’, ‘Griffon’, ‘Fire Drake’, and so on, all monsters with strong names.
No, there was one exception.
There was a name that could be found everywhere, a type of mob monster common in games and mangas…
I prayed that if we’re to meet any enemies, it would these guys, as I walked far ahead of the others.
“Well then, all of you keep a distance from me. Remember, don’t stay so far behind that you’ll lose track of me. If anything happens, I’ll give you all a signal. If you see it, run immediately.”
“I understand, leave it to me.”
“I understand very well you don’t know hand gestures at all. Darkness, Megumin, I’ll be counting on  both of you.”
Darkness and Megumin nodded their heads.
The road extended through the vast plains.
Alone and lightly armored, I walked along the road.
I surveyed my surroundings restlessly, keeping watch for signs of any monsters.
Advancing cautiously on the open plains, I turned back periodically to check if the three of them were following me.
Things had been proceeding smoothly so far.
The monsters I had to be extra careful of would be those flying in the sky.
The monster listed included griffons, but even if I raised my head and watched the sky, I didn’t see anything circling in the air above me.
We had already detected several large-sized monsters and evaded them.
Smooth.
I just needed to pass through the plains, and then I would link up with everyone.
… At this moment.
I saw a lone figure standing in the middle of the plains.
That figure didn’t notice me yet.
Logically speaking, it was impossible for someone to be standing in a place like this.
That’s right, it was probably a monster.
I was only watching from afar, but I could take a stab at the monster’s identity.
The only name that didn’t fit in with the list of dangerous monsters.
Orcs.
A pig-faced, bipedal monster, highly reproductive and in heat all year round.
As they could mate with most humanoid creatures, I heard that you would suffer a tragic end if you got caught by them.
It was better to kill yourself on the spot than to get captured by them.
In games, they were on par with kobolds and goblins, a mainstream mob monster.
But why were the names of these guys published on the monster information list of this map?
I felt that there was no need to avoid them, compared to those large-sized monsters.
I only had a dagger on me, but it seemed like the opponent was unarmed.
Well, I had Drain Touch that could absorb its life force, and most importantly, there was only one of them.
I just need one hit after getting close to finish it off.
After judging so, I walked toward that figure in the distance.
I didn’t hide my presence and walked forth openly.
Or rather, there was no place to hide in the vast open plains.
When I got really close to the figure, it probably noticed me and started walking my way.
Naturally, I gripped the hilt of my dagger tighter.
“… Ka… Zuma! Ka…!”
I heard a voice coming from far behind me.
I turned back confusedly, looking at Aqua and the others who were shouting something at me.
From here, Aqua and Megumin seemed to be making hand gestures.
After watching for a moment, I understood their message.
‘Run away.’
That was what they were signaling.
No, the enemy was just a mere orc. I looked to the front once again.
That fellow was already very close to me, and stared at me right in the eye.
Because of the attitude and signal by the two of them, I felt a little uneasy and to play it safe–
I chanted a spell softly.
“Create Earth.”
I secretly created sand in my left hand, intending to blind the orc, and prepared for a sneak attack.
After glancing behind, the two of them were waving their arms in a panic after seeing me approach the orc.
They made lots of ‘run away’ gestures desperately.
I should be the one telling you girls that.
The orc will target women like you, right?
Never mind, there would be no need to run if I defeat the orc here.
I faced the front once again; I was close enough to make out the face of the orc.
The orc looked more human-like than I imagined.
It had pig nose and ears, but the shape of the face resembled a human.
It was even wearing a set of clothes it probably robbed from some traveler.
And its most striking feature was its hair.
With its unkempt hair and green skin, the orc seemed human at a glance.
“Good day! Hey handsome nii-chan, want to have a good time with me?”
It spoke to me with a high pitched and fluent voice, so it was probably female.
… What was that, I didn’t expect that.
There were female orcs?
No, no, no, I heard they were really fertile, and could cross breed with other races…
Even though it looked human at a glance, it was still a monster.
I felt bad about rejecting the orc that went out of its way to invite me, but my strike zone wasn’t wide enough to see it as a woman.
So obviously–
“I refuse.”
I flat out rejected an invitation from a female for the first time in my life.
Even though I said that, the expression of the orc didn’t change much.
“Ara, is that so, such a pity. I was hoping you would do it with me willingly.”
After saying that, it revealed its teeth in an evil smile.
Disheveled hair, yellow teeth, and a round body shape.
Even without its pig ears and nose, I’ll flat out reject it.
‘Willingly’? What was it talking about?
“Since we can communicate, let’s talk about this. Please let me through. If you do that, I’ll share some of my food with you as thanks… What say you?”
If I use food as a condition, maybe it would let me through easily…
I held on to this faint hope.
Ah, what kind of meat were those jerkies made from?
Might it be pork?
If it was pork, letting it eat them would be cannibalism.
While I was thinking about that, the orc wiped away the drool from its mouth.
Mentioning food seemed to be effective.
… But that thought was shattered by its next sentence.
“That sort of thing doesn’t matter. This is the territory of orcs. We won’t let any males passing by go… How interesting, onii-san. For some reason, I sense powerful survival instincts from your seemingly weak body. My intuition has always been on point. Our child will definitely be strong… Come, let’s do something fun.”
… Eh?
Seemed like this thing wasn’t joking.
Immensely troubled by this, I turned and looked at the girls behind me.
The two of them were still making the ‘run away’ signal.
Only Darkness appeared to be confused, wondering if she should come over and join the fray.
The orc seemed to have noticed the girls behind me from my movements.
“Ara, those over there… What, all of them are females. I don’t care about them. But for you, let me think… Three days. How about going to my village for three days or so? Hehe, it’s a harem for you there. You’ll learn what heaven in this world is. Well, the men we capture do go to heaven for real!”
Looking at the orc saying all this with an evil smile, I instinctively felt fear and chanted my spell.
“Wind Breath!”
“?”
I used wind magic to blow the sand I hid onto the orc.
The orc bent over and groaned after the sneak attack blinded it.
I rushed forth, not with my dagger, but with my bare hands, and grabbed that orc!
After using Drain Touch to absorb the orc’s life force until it was on the verge of death, I left it right there without dealing a final blow.
I just pulled an all-nighter, so it was just the right time to absorb some life force.
That thing mentioned a village.
It would be troublesome if the other orcs came to avenge its death if I killed this one.
I spared its life based on this judgement…
After defeating the orc and walking a bit further, I noticed a presence behind me.
I turned and saw Aqua and the others running to me in a panic.
“… What is it? It would be meaningless for me to walk in front if all of you are so close to me. Keep some distance away from me.”
When they heard me say that…
“What are you saying, Kazuma? You defeated an orc! This plain is the territory of the orcs. Which means you will be their target until we cross this plain!”
Megumin said with a strong tone…
… No, wait.
“Isn’t it good if I’m being targeted? Just why do you think I’m so lightly armored? To attract attention and be the decoy! And I don’t want to see your tragic outcome if you get caught by the orcs.”
Orcs had high libido.
The scene of these girls being ravaged after being captured, I don’t even dare imagine it.
While I was thinking that, Aqua said to me:
“Oh, right, Kazuma’s an idiot who doesn’t know the common sense of this world. Can’t be helped, let me tell you… Ow, ow, stop! ”
I pulled on the cheeks of Aqua who was acting arrogantly as I urged Megumin to explain.
“… Kazuma, listen. There are no male orcs in the world.”
“Huh?”
When Darkness heard what Megumin said, she screamed tragically for some reason.
“Male orcs died out a long time ago. Even when the occasional male orcs are born, they’ll be squeezed dry by the females and die before adulthood. Thanks to that, the orcs crossbreed continuously and gained the excellent genes of various races, becoming monsters that could no longer be considered orcs. Right now, orcs are known for infiltrating the turf of other races, kidnapping the males and bringing them back to their village, making them suffer terribly; the nemesis of men… Also, um, Kazuma, you…”
Toward the end, Megumin lowered her volume and became hesitant to speak.
“Wait, wait, orcs should be the nemesis of female knights! Driven by their strong libido, they’ll pounce on any woman they see, the males of these orcs…”
“Are extinct… Kazuma defeated a female orc. All of them want a powerful male with excellent genes. So, they won’t let Kazuma who defeated their comrade go… Look, just like that.”
Darkness was depressed by this news. At this moment, Megumin pointed  to a certain direction.
In that direction, with the orc that was rendered immobile by me in the lead, many female orcs were forming ranks.
They might have the excellent genes of various races, but I didn’t expect that orc to recove its life force in such a short period of time.
As there were cat-eared and dog-eared orcs, they must’ve cross bred with various animals.
I stared at these animal-eared orcs and remembered the saying ‘reserved for pretty girls only’.
The orc I knocked out earlier said:
“You’re a good man. To think you can knock me out! … I won’t let you go. I’m mesmerized by you, how are you going to make it up for me? I definitely want your child!!”
After making such a chilling declaration of wanting a child, the orcs pounced at me while panting!
“What? Wait…! Waaahhhh!”
Why must I meet with such a tragedy?
Because I was rude to a real goddess and this is my retribution?
Because I treated the weird rock, which Aqua treasured so much, as trash, and threw it away?
Oh God, you’re mistaken. That girl will bring back any weird thing she finds.
Because I placed her holy relic hagoromo together with my underwear in the wash?
Oh God, you’re mistaken. I just thought that clothes which are washed together with the hagoromo, which had a cleansing effect, would become cleaner.
I’m already repenting this.
Ahhh… Please, my God…!
“I want the first child to be a boy!”
“I want sixty boys and forty girls!”
“I want to live in a white house overlooking the sea, making love with you everyday!”
God! From the bottom of my heart, I repent! Please forgive my sins!
Spare me! No, if I don’t kill them, I’ll be raped!
I stabbed with my dagger without hesitation, but that orc had the gift of excellent genes and evaded my dagger easily…!
“All right! It’ll be over soon. It’ll be over in no time so close your eyes…!”
It then knocked my dagger away easily and pressed me onto the ground.
I was too foolish.
I underestimated the strength of the orcs that survived in this dangerous region!
“Save me! Megumin, use that! Use that and finish all of them in one shot!”
“If I use Explosion at such a close range, we will get dragged in as well! Darkness, stop being depressed and rescue Kazuma…!!”
I screamed while being pressed down by the orcs!
“Talk! Let’s talk first!!”
“I would love to talk erotic things with you! Go on, say it! Tell me all the embarrassing fetishes you have! Huff, huff, huff!”
The orc panted as it tugged at my shirt!
Drain Touch!
I immediately used Drain Touch to sap away its strength!
I struggled to reach out with my hand, but the orc dodged nimbly, and my hand was caught instead.
What’s more, that orc even licked my palm.
Please, please, spare me, ahhh!!
I could feel all the hairs on my body stand and my pleading was just like a howl…!
“Stop, stop, ahhh! Name! I still don’t know your name yet! This might be my first time! So, let’s start with self-introductions, ahhh! My name’s Satou Kazuma!”
“I’m Swatinaze, a young and energetic 16 year old orc! Come, let your lower half introduce himself, too! Introduce the son you’re so proud of!”
“My son’s a little shy! We already exchanged names so let’s call it a day, ahhh! Aqua! Aqua! Save me!”
“Ka-Kazuma!”
Just as I was screaming like a teenage girl and Aqua was shouting…
“Bottomless Swamp!”
I heard a familiar voice, followed by screams.
While being pressed down, I twisted my head towards the origin of the sound and saw that the orcs were struggling in a giant swamp.
And behind that was…!
“Yunyun! Isn’t that Yunyun? Ugh, uwahhh!”
After seeing that Crimson Demon girl, I was so relieved that I cried.
“?”
The orc riding on me gasped.
It seemed to be at a loss after finding its comrades trapped in the quagmire that appeared out of nowhere.
The orc slowly got off me, guarded against Yunyun.
I rolled and crawled to Yunyun’s feet.
“Yunyun! Yunyun! Thank you so much, ahhh!”
I hugged Yunyun just like that.
“Hya…! Wait, wait Kazuma-san? It, it’s fine now, it’s fine, so… Don’t cry… Um, my important robe is being stained with snot…”
The orcs who were targeting me stared at Yunyun, checking their comrades who were struggling in the swamp.
They wanted to save their comrades, but didn’t dare to move out of fear of Yunyun.
Aqua stood beside me, who was squatting on the ground, and said:
“It’s great that you’re fine, Kazuma! … What, what’s the matter Kazuma?”
I hugged the legs of Aqua in tears as she spoke to me.
I had never experienced such fear even when I was fighting with the Demon King’s Generals.
“There, there, you must be terrified, Kazuma. It’s fine now, don’t worry. Everyone will protect you.”
I felt at ease when Aqua said this while patting my head, how shameful.
After glancing at the orcs, who were guarded against her, Yunyun felt embarrassed, but still flicked her cape and struck a pose with her staff lifted, and announced:
“I’m Yunyun! One of the top mages of the Crimson Demons, an Archwizard that wields Advanced Magic. I’m the one who’ll be the next chief of the Crimson Demons…! To the orcs who built a village near the Crimson Demon village: I’ll spare you on the count that we’re neighbors. Take your comrades with you and go!”
After hearing what Yunyun said, the orcs tore their shirts and threw it to their comrades trapped in the swamp in place of a rope.
“Kazuma-san, let’s use this chance to retreat .”
After passing through the plains controlled by the orcs, we entered the forest and chose a spot where we could rest for a moment.
“With Yunyun around, there’s no need to fear monsters. Really, this is too easy.”
Aqua said something that would raise a flag again.
However, I understood what she meant.
With Yunyun who could use Advanced Magic around, it was far more secure.
… Since just now, I had been unwilling to leave Aqua’s side.
Staying beside Aqua who I’ve spent the most time with made me feel at ease.
Aqua seemed a bit troubled by me, but she didn’t complain at all and stayed by my side. Thank god for that.
Really, thank god.
Experiencing that deeply traumatised me.
After changing out of my tattered clothes and putting on the equipment that Aqua was holding onto for me, I thanked the savior who reached out to me in my time of need.
“Yunyun, once again, thank you. Really, thank you. If I must describe how thankful I am, it’s like–if anyone asks me who I respect the most, I’ll answer ‘Yunyun’ immediately.”
“Please, please, don’t do that, it’ll look as if you’re mocking me!”
I held tightly to a corner of Aqua’s hagoromo and expressed my gratitude to Yunyun, but she seemed embarrassed after hearing that.
“By the way, why’s everyone here? Is Megumin coming home because you’re worried about everyone?”
“Yes, right, it’s my sister! I’m a bit worried about her. After all, she’s always doing reckless things.”
“Yup, that’s true. She’s a child who can’t use magic, yet she is so eager to fight.”
Yunyun agreed with Megumin’s explanation.
“… Why, why’s everyone smiling deviously?”
Aside from Yunyun, the three of us looked at  Megumin deviously as she averted her face.
I held the mug filled with coffee in both hands.
Sipping it slowly, I could feel my heart, wounded by the chase of the orcs, gradually healing.
Hiding in my cloak, I looked at everyone and said from the bottom of my heart:
“… All of you are beautiful.”
Inside the forest by the road… Everyone was stunned after hearing what I said.
“What, what is it? Kazuma he, he has always been talking strangely, but it’s worse today!”
“Calm, calm down! This fellow must have an ulterior motive. We can’t let our guard down around him. We’ll regret it if we become happy about it!”
Aqua and Darkness said something rude.
Megumin kept her head facing away from me while pouting, looking at me from time-to-time as if to say, ‘What are you up to now?’.
Yunyun seemed to be at a loss for words, her face completely red.
After making it to safety from the hands of the orcs, I was completely relieved. Looking at the four of them, I exhaled and said:
“All of you are real beauties.”
“What’s happening? Someone tell me! Kazuma’s acting weird, what’s going on?”
“Calm down, Aqua! First, cast a healing spell on Kazuma!”
“… –!”
Looking at the panicking Darkness and Aqua, the guarded Megumin–and Yunyun who was lowering her flushed face–I’m filled with the joy of escaping from the hands of the orcs.
“– Megumin was always the top of the class in magical studies and mana capacity… The villagers all think of her as a genius and had high expectations of her… If they knew Megumin had fallen and became a flawed mage that can only use Explosion…”
“Hey, don’t call me a ‘flawed mage’. In terms of magical destruction, I’m without a doubt the best of the Crimson Demons, that’s a fact. Please don’t speak ill of the explosion magic I’ve devoted my entire life to.”
After the short break, we set off for the Crimson Demon village once again.
“What’s the use of explosion magic? It’s too powerful, and can’t be used in dungeons or it’ll cause a collapse! Even if it has the longest attack range, it’ll hit the caster and allies if the targets are too near! Even very high-level mages can’t fire it twice in a row, the mana consumption is too great! No matter how you look at it, it’s overkill, right? Explosion is a useless spell and a waste of skill points that no one will bother to learn.”
Yunyun had been picking on Megumin since just now.
The fact that Megumin could only use explosion magic seemed to be a secret to the villagers.
Hence, Yunyun had been warning her not to let it slip…
At this moment, Megumin stared down Yunyun from the front.
“… How dare you, Yunyun. You said something you shouldn’t have said. Something more serious than making fun of my name, the biggest taboo–!”
“What, what, want to get it on? I’ll accept your challenge. I won’t lose to Megumin anymore!”
Yunyun heightened her guard and pulled some distance from Megumin.
Megumin glanced at Yunyun…!
“Kazuma, let me tell you Yunyun’s shameful secret. All Crimson Demons receive a tattoo after birth. The placement of the tattoo is different for everyone, and Yunyun’s tattoo is at…”
“Shut up, what are you telling Kazuma-san? And why do you know the position of my tattoo? You can’t use Explosion in a place like this, right? It’s easy to subdue Megumin who can’t use magic!”
Yunyun, on the verge of crying, pounced over, but was nimbly dodged by Megumin.
“Aqua, give me a buffing spell! I’ll teach this kid a lesson!”
“D-Despicable! Megumin’s so sly! You’ve always been so sly!”
“– Hey, this way! I hear human voices from this direction!!”
A loud and shrill voice came from the depths of the forest!
“Hey, you two, we’re going to be discovered by the enemy! Keep it down!”
Darkness crouched down and lectured the two of them.
“It’s all because the bad tempered Megumin raised her voice!”
“Yunyun has a worse temper than me! You’ve been doing things without regards for the consequences since long ago! See, even Chomusuke doesn’t dare to come out from the hat now!”
“What did you say?”
“The two of you shut up! I already told you we’ll be discovered if you talk so loudly! Hey Kazuma, tell them!”
Darkness pressed down on both their heads and hid into the trees.
I shouted at the two of them, who were wrestling with each other quietly:
“Hey, that doesn’t matter, tell me where Yunyun’s tattoo is!”
“Found them, over there! There’s someone there!”
“Why, you! You really…!!”
“Found two Crimson Demons! The rest look like human adventurers! Hey, this way, quick! There are two Crimson Demon kids! This is a chance to earn some merits!”
It was an armored monster.
Sharp ears and dark skin, a slim and muscular demon.
On its head was a single horn. It was glaring murderously at Megumin and Yunyun.
When she saw that figure, Aqua who was hiding in the trees stood up…!
“Hmm–? You seem to be pretending to be a low-level devil, how annoying! You can’t even become a proper devil, just a ghoul-like half-devil. What’s with that? What do you want to do? Exorcism magic won’t even work against low-level monsters like you. Isn’t that great news, the guy who can’t even become a devil? Pfft! I don’t have time for half-baked devils like you. After you become a proper devil, I’ll be your opponent. I’ll spare you today, so scram. Go on, shoo!”
When it heard Aqua’s words which might be a taunt or a threat, the supposed devil monster ground its teeth.
Seeing this, Darkness drew her great sword and walked forth in silence.
Since it was wearing armor, this guy was probably a part of the Demon King’s army that was at war with the Crimson Demons.
We weren’t far from the Crimson Demon village now, so it was no surprise to find the Demon King’s army patrolling around here.
The face of the guy with a short spear turned a darker shade as it glared this way in wrath.
Suddenly, a group that  shared a similar appearance appeared behind it.
Their weapons might vary, but they were all armed demonic creatures.
Things were going bad.
And there were many… Too many!
“You want to spare us? Hey, that priestess over there, what did you say? … There are two kids of the Crimson Demons that gave us so much trouble. How can we let you go? Hey, tear them to pieces!”
More than twenty monsters like that devil appeared behind it.
Yunyun took a step forward…!
“Light of Saber!”
She shouted as she chopped the air with her hand.
Following the path of the chop, a beam of light flashed.
A few of the devils’ bodies were sliced off when the light passed through and they dropped to the ground.
“S-Surround them! She can’t do anything if we surround and charge her, kill that Crimson Demon girl first!”
The devil shouted agitatedly after seeing its companions fall.
To stop the devils who were attempting to surround Yunyun, Darkness placed herself between them.
Aqua casted buffing magic on Darkness, who took the vanguard.
“Yunyun, you said Explosion is a useless spell, right? I’ll let you witness the destructive power of this useless magic!”
“Eh? Wait, wait, are you going to?”
“Explosion–!!”
Megumin ignored the panicking Yunyun and let loose an explosion spell, engulfing many minions of the Demon King’s army in the distance.
The trees in the surrounding were uprooted and blown away, leaving the devils who witnessed the destructive power dumbstruck.
After the dust settled, there was nothing aside from a large crater.
“Did you see that, my ultimate move–Explosion! Do you still dare say it’s a useless magic? How’s that Kazuma, how many points for that explosion?”
“Minus ninety points! You idiot, what do you intend to accomplish by exhausting your magic like that? There are still enemies left, I can’t piggyback you and run!”
“Ka, Kazuma-san! While you were talking, more enemies were attracted by the noise!!”
I forcefully picked up Megumin, who had collapsed onto the ground after exhausting her mana.
“Hey, what are you doing? Can you even fight these guys?”
I shouted at Aqua who was trotting up confidently as I shared some of my mana with Megumin.
When she heard me, Aqua tilted her head side-to-side.
… Seemed like she was trying to make a cracking sound with her neck.
She kicked the ground, lowered her stance, and lifted her fists.
“Fufu, please remember it well. You don’t think I’m a woman who can only use recovery magic, right? I’m Aqua-sama with maxed out stats! I just need one hand to settle thing with these mob level devils. Watch, I’ll show you that I can act like a proper goddess occasionally, too!”
… This was bad.
I could foresee how this would end up, so I stopped pumping mana into Megumin’s body and lent her a shoulder to lean on.
Even though we had Yunyun with us, we were terribly outnumbered.
I didn’t know how far I could carry Megumin who had exhausted her mana, but it was a better bet than fighting the innumerable Demon King’s army forces.
“Aqua, we’re running! Stop intimidating them with those weird poses and come here!”
Aqua was striking all sorts of poses to frighten the minions of the Demon King’s army.
With Megumin on my back, I was planning to tell everyone to withdraw when Aqua said in a soft voice:
“… Ah”
I turned after hearing her voice and saw the underlings of the Demon King’s army charging this way.
They didn’t take any battle stance, simply abandoning their weapons and running this way.
…?
As I was wondering what was going on.
– Suddenly, a group of four men in black robes appeared out of thin air.
No, not all of them were in black robes.
Two of them were dressed like bikers with their black full body suit, wearing fingerless gloves.
Some of them held wands, some were bare handed.
There might be more hiding elsewhere, and only these four were revealing themselves.
Their weapons and costumes might be different, but they had one common point.
All of them had a pair of scarlet eyes.
The group of black clothed men had scarlet eyes just like Megumin and Yunyun.
That’s right, they were from the Crimson Demon Clan.
Their appearance out of thin air was probably the effect of invisibility magic.
And so, the Demon King’s underlings weren’t attacking us because they noticed our presence, but were running away from the Crimson Demon’s assault.
This was proven when they were stopping before us at a loss, alternating their gaze between the pursuing Crimson Demon Clan and the four of us.
In the end, these guys judged that the four of us were easier targets.
They planned to charge our way–
– At that instant.
“Disappear without even a trace of your flesh, burn in the dark flames from the abyss of my heart!”
“Oh no, I can’t suppress it anymore! Become the sacrifice to pacify my destructive urges!”
“Come, fall into eternal slumber… In the embrace of my ice-cold arms…!”
“Please rest in peace. I won’t forget you all. That’s right, your existence will be engraved forever… In the memories of my soul…!”
Those… Weren’t chants for spells.
They were lines they said to act cool!
They probably enhanced their physical abilities with magic and caught up with the underlings in an instant.
In the end, they all chanted the same spell.
Seeing that, the underlings  defended their bodies with their hands in a futile effort…!
“Hey…! Wait…! Stop…!”
One of the minions wanted to say something, but the spell chants of the Crimson Demons were already completed.
“Light of Saber!”
“Light of Saber!”
“– Of Saber!”
“– Saber!”
As they shouted one after another, light flashed from their slashing hands.
The beams of light cleaved the minions consecutively.
Finally…
There were only the shattered remnants of the minions’ carcasses left.
What the hell, the Crimson Demons were super scary!
No wonder the large group of minions were running away!
It was so terrifying that it made one hesitate to retort and ask them where the dark flames and ice-cold arms went to.
… At this moment, one of the Crimson Demons looked toward us.
It was the man who said, ‘Disappear without even a trace of your flesh’.
“I heard the sound of Explosion in the distance, so I came with the members of the anti-Demon King’s army guerilla unit… But isn’t that Megumin and Yunyun? What are you two doing here?”
He said to us in a casual tone.
When Megumin heard that, even though she was still staggering, she stood up.
“Aren’t you the son of the shoe shop owner, Bukkoroli? Long time no see, we heard that the village was in danger and rushed back.”
After hearing Megumin’s reply, Bukkoroli said “Danger?” and tilted his head in confusion.
… Hmm?
Meanwhile, the other Crimson Demon clansmen looked this way curiously.
That man named Bukkoroli–
“By the way Megumin, are they your adventuring comrades?”
Asked such a thing.
In response, Megumin nodded a little shyly.
Seeing her like this, Bukkoroli showed a serious expression and flicked his cape.
“I’m Bukkoroli. Son of the owner of the number one shoe shop in the Crimson Demon village. Archwizard that wields Advanced Magic…!”
Bukkoroli suddenly made a self-introduction.
Normally, I would have responded with silence, but I had gotten used to it after my interaction with Megumin and Yunyun.
“Well met, I’m Satou Kazuma. Master of many skills in Axel, one who battled with the generals of the Demon King’s army. Please take care of me.”
I nonchalantly introduced myself to match him.
“Ohhh!”
The Crimson Demons shouted suddenly.
“Awesome, so awesome! Normally, people would have weird reactions after we introduced ourselves…! I never thought there’d be an outsider who’d reply in kind!”
The other Crimson Demons nodded their head in agreement with Bukkoroli.
“… Kazuma seems really friendly with Bukkoroli and the others! And you didn’t react this way when I made my introduction!”
Megumin started throwing a fit.
Oh no, how should I react?
Logically, I should assume she was being jealous and my heart would pound a little.
But the other party member was an older man, so there wasn’t any reason to be jealous.
… However, going by the common sense of the Crimson Demons, something was angering her.
What was that about?
There was no feeling of jealousy, and my heart didn’t skip a beat.
There was no romantic atmosphere like those rom com light novels.
As I was wondering about the situation…
“I’m Aqua! An existence worshiped by the masses, the one who’ll defeat the Demon King! My real identity’s the goddess of water!”
No one asked her, but Aqua suddenly introduced herself.
She must’ve been influenced by the Crimson Demons.
“Is that so, that’s amazing!”
“Wait! Why? Hey, why am I the only one who gets such reactions?”
The Crimson Demons shifted their eyes from the shouting Aqua to Darkness, showering her with gazes filled with expectations.
Under their gaze, Darkness was a little hesitant but…!
“I-I’m Dustiness Ford Lala… ti… na… From Axel… Ughh…!”
She wanted to meet their expectations, but Darkness’s voice grew softer from embarrassment.
Why were you trying so hard?
As Darkness blushed and teared up from embarrassment, Bukkoroli grinned at her and started chanting a spell loudly.
“Megumin, I’m glad you have such wonderful comrades. The village is still some ways off. Come, we’ll show you in, outsiders. We’ll send you there with Teleport!”
After saying that, Bukkoroli cast his teleport spell.
The scenery changed suddenly after the Teleport, making me dizzy, and the surroundings were completely different.
It was a small village that could be described as ‘peaceful’.
Bukkoroli smiled at us as we dumbfoundedly looked around the Crimson Demon village.
“Welcome to the Crimson Demon village, outsiders. Megumin and Yunyun too, welcome home!!”
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
“Well then, we’ll resume our security patrol.”
Bukkoroli said and pulled away from us.
Then the three of them gathered together and started chanting…!
“Goodbye then!”
After chanting their spell softly, Bukkoroli’s group vanished just like that.
Amazing, they felt like real mages.
Did they return to the battlefield with teleport…?
“These guys are really cool. They’re like a group of combat experts.”
I stared at the spot where they disappeared and said respectfully.
“Is that so? The four of them must be smiling gleefully nearby after hearing that.”
Megumin who was being supported by me said…
“… Nearby? Didn’t they leave via teleport?”
It was Yunyun who spoke this time.
“They turned invisible by using light refraction. Teleport consumes a lot of mana, so they’ll run out if they use it so frequently after a battle. I think they just wanted to show off a cool exit… Ouch!”
Suddenly, a pebble flew from the spot they were just standing in and hit the head of Yunyun who hadn’t finished speaking.
As if to warn her not to say too much.
… So, they were there.
“On a side note, light refraction magic deploys a barrier a few meters around a specific person or object, obscuring the view of the inside of the barrier from the outside… And so, you can see them if you go nearer.”
Aqua took a step forward silently when she heard Megumin’s casual explanation.
“…!”
Something backed away with a gasp.
Aqua stared in that direction without moving when she heard that…
“……”
“……”
Suddenly, Aqua charged forward.
“?”
The sound of multiple people running away could be heard.
Don’t, don’t do that…
Leaving Aqua who was chasing something invisible with a bright smile on her face, we entered the village.
Anyway, to understand the situation, we needed to go to Yunyun’s home.
Aqua probably got tired of chasing them around and rejoined us.
“Say, these guys are really something. I can’t catch them even with my speed.”
To think Aqua, whose stats were all high except for intelligence and luck, couldn’t catch them.
The way they made their exit was a bit off, but I remembered they called themselves the ‘anti-Demon King’s army guerrilla unit’.
They must be the elite of the Crimson Demon village.
But after Megumin’s explanation, my impression of them…
“They ran away by doping with body strengthening magic. I don’t think that group of NEETs who laze around at home would have such stamina.”
… Was shattered by words I couldn’t ignore.
“… NEET group? No, aren’t they the anti-Demon King’s army guerrilla unit? They left because they have to perform patrols.”
In response to my query, …
“They’re idle people who can’t leave their parents or find jobs. If they go to other cities as adventurers, they would be in high demand, but they refuse to leave the village. Idling around all day with nothing to do, in order to not let others think they were just lazing around, they claim to be the anti-Demon King’s army guerrilla unit and wander around the vicinity of the village.”
Megumin told me something I really didn’t want to know.
What did that mean?
Even the specs of NEETs were that high?
As if she could tell what I was thinking, Yunyun said:
“All Crimson Demons can learn Advanced Magic in adulthood. Everyone in the village is an Archwizard. After learning Advanced Magic, we’ll master all kinds of spells with the skill points we earned. This is common sense…”
She said as she glanced at Megumin.
Megumin ignored her gaze as if this had nothing to do with her, looking around the home village she was so familiar with.
The home of the Crimson Demons was a village-sized settlement.
The faces of the residents weren’t tense at all. Maybe it was because of the gentle spring sun, as there were people yawning casually.
To be frank, it didn’t seem like they were fighting with the Demon King…
“… Eh, this griffon statue looks so realistic. Is that a work of a famous sculptor?”
Darkness said suddenly as she marveled at the statue right in front of the village entrance.
I see, the griffon was so real that I thought that it might move at any moment now…
“That’s a griffon who wandered into the village and got petrified. It looks cool, so it was preserved as a scenic attraction. And now, it’s mainly used as a landmark to meet up with people.”
What, what a reckless attraction.
After hearing what Megumin said, Aqua was curious about the statue and started chanting something while placing her hand on it.
“… What magic are you planning to use?”
“A spell to cure abnormal statuses. I’ve never seen a live griffon before.”
After we restrained Aqua, we went to Yunyun’s home to understand the situation.
– A large mansion in the middle of the village.
The middle-aged man sitting opposite of us on the couch furrowed his brows.
After entering the reception room of the village chief, we learned from the middle-aged man before us, Yunyun’s father, the impactful truth.
“No, that’s just a letter to my daughter about how I’ve been doing. I got a little carried away when writing it. My Crimson Demon bloodline makes it impossible for me to write normal letters…”
“I don’t really understand that.”
I immediately retorted the village chief, while Yunyun beside me was still stunned.
“… Eh? Um, D-Dad? Well, I’m happy that you’re okay, but can you explain it in detail? First, at the beginning of the letter you wrote, ‘By the time you read this letter, I will probably have already passed on from this world’…”
“Isn’t that the standard greeting amongst us Crimson Demons? Didn’t you learn that in school?… Ah, now that you mentioned it, you and Megumin graduated early because your results were excellent.”
“… And the part about being unable to break through the military base built by the Demon King’s army…?”
“Ah, that part? Those guys built a very extravagant base. Should we destroy it or keep it as a new scenic attraction? We couldn’t decide.”
“Hey Yunyun, can I punch your father?”
“Go ahead.”
“Yunyun?!”
Darkness raised a question to the shocked village chief.
“… Hmm? Wait, so the Demon King’s army did build a military base here. So, the part about the ‘Demon King’s General was coming’ was…”
“That’s correct, it’s as stated on the letter, they sent a General with high magic resistance here. Right, right, it’s almost time. If you’re free, do you want to come and take a look?”
The village chief invited us casually and at this moment–
“Demon King’s army alert, Demon King’s army alert. Everyone who’s free please gather before the griffon statue at the village entrance. We have visuals of the enemy, they number about a thousand.”
The broadcast echoed throughout the village with the ringing of bells.
“One thousand?”
Darkness and I exclaimed loudly, while the three Crimson Demons were calm as usual.
Didn’t they hear the number ‘a thousand’?
From the scale of this settlement, there were at most three hundred villagers.
What was it with their easy attitude at the forces of the Demon King’s army that outnumbers them three to one?
“A thousand soldiers of the Demon King’s army. Seems like it’s time to show the real power of a goddess.”
It was rare to see Aqua drinking tea so obediently when she suddenly said that.
I think the Crimson Demon village was a bad influence on her.
Please don’t do anything stupid.
Turning toward Darkness who was preparing for battle in a panic, Megumin said in a calm voice.
“Don’t fret, this is the village of powerful mages, the Crimson Demon village. Let’s go and look, shall we?”
… Amazing.
“Waaahhhh!! Uwaaahhhh!!”
“Sylvia-sama! Sylvia-sama!! Please retreat! Even if only you make it-Please retreat!”
“Damn, damn it! We can take our revenge if we’re a little bit closer to these vermin…!”
“That’s why I objected to attacking the Crimson Demon village- that’s why I didn’t want to come…!”
Before they even reached the entrance to the village, the minions of the Demon King fell one after another.
Compared to the thousand men strong enemy, we only had fifty odd people on our side.
Those fifty odd Crimson Demons…
“Lightning Strike!”
“Energy Ignition!”
“Freeze Gust!”
“Cursed Lightning!”
They pelted the vanguard of the Demon King’s army with a rain of merciless high-level spells.
“Amazing… It feels terrifying for them to be so powerful…”
This was no longer a battle, but a one-sided massacre.
Some of the Demon King’s army soldiers were struck by lightning that descended from the sky while others burst into flames spontaneously.
There were ones that turned into ice sculptures after being engulfed by white fog and those with a hole blasted in their chest by dark lightning.
… At this moment, the army parted in the middle and a beautiful lady in a dress walked forth.
“Everyone! I’ll block them from the front, so follow me! The gap between casting two high-level spells is large. Let’s use this chance…!”
Was that beautiful person the Demon King’s General?
Wearing a low-cut dress, she looked like a tall beauty at a glance.
The blue earring on her right ear was sparkling, which contrasted with her luscious dress and gave her a pure image.
A man and a woman walked forward as if to oppose her.
I saw that man before.
He was Bukkoroli who gave us a lift here.
Bukkoroli’s eyes shone and he put both hands before him.
After knowing Megumin for so I long, I knew very well.
When the eyes of a Crimson Demon shone, it either meant they were very hyped up…
“Tornado!!”
Or they were channeling a large amount of mana to activate powerful spells.
Bukkoroli unleashed a colossal tornado into the midst of the Demon King’s army.
A huge number of troops were thrown helplessly into the air.
They would probably die after they crash onto the ground.
At the same time, the eyes of the pretty lady besides Bukkoroli also shone, and she reached forth with her left hand.
She had a weapon in her right hand, which was rare among the Crimson Demons.
Looking closely, it was a wooden sword with a dragon engraving on it.
Since the one holding it was a Crimson Demon clansman, that was probably a magical weapon.
With her left hand extended, the lady swung the wooden sword in her right hand.
“Inferno!”
Amid the tornado, a storm of powerful flames appeared!
After watching the battle of the Crimson Demons, we decided to go to Megumin’s home.
Yunyun said she wanted to deliver punishment to her friend Arue who sent that letter, and went off.
I thought back about the magic I saw earlier and said:
“Oh my~ What a show. So that’s what real Crimson Demons are like, huh?”
“When you say real, you’re implying there are fakes. Hey, tell me, where are the fake Crimson Demons?”
As I supported Megumin who looked as if she was about to bite, we came to a small wooden cottage.
How should I put this? It was impolite to say this, but it seemed much more run down than the homes of normal families.
Maybe Megumin was tired from exhausting her mana; she knocked the door with a face of fatigue.
A short while later, the soft sound of someone running came from inside.
The door into the house was opened gently.
A little girl who looked very much like Megumin would if she were about grade school age came out.
“Oh, Megumin’s sister, huh? Such a cute kid.”
Darkness smiled brilliantly.
“It feels like a mini Megumin. Hey little Megumin, want some sweets?”
Aqua took out sweets from somewhere…
“Komekko, I’m home. Have you been a good girl?”
Megumin said to the child gently while leaning on my shoulder.
Komekko…
That Bukkoroli just now too; I was probably numbed to this and didn’t retort the names of the Crimson Demons.
Komekko turned stiff as she stared at Megumin.
This must be a touching reunion.
Komekko widened her eyes and took a deep breath.
“Dad! Onee-chan brought a man back with her!”
Wait little sister, please let onii-chan explain!
“Watch closely. The mug I placed upside down on the low table will move around like so!”
“Amazing! Amazing!! How did you do that? Hey, how? Blue-haired nee-chan, how did you do that?”
“It’s magnets! It must be moved by the magnets under the table! Right? Am I right, Aqua?”
The living room inside Megumin’s house.
Aqua was performing a show with a glass.
Darkness and Komekko were watching attentively.
Darkness’s guess of magnets was right.
The mug moved by Aqua was metallic.
By using magnets under the table, she could move it…
I speculated the gimmicks behind it as I listened to their conversation. After peeking their way, I was momentarily speechless.
Aqua was sitting properly in the middle of the living room with both hands on her knees.
Just by staring at the mug on the table, she could move it around freely.
……?
What was happening? I started doubting my own eyes. While I was focusing that way…
“Ah– …! Cough, cough!”
The person before me coughed dryly.
Oh no!
I was sitting on the rug in the living room with an oppressive atmosphere, and before me was Megumin’s father who was staring at me with a stern expression.
At a glance, he looked like a normal middle-aged man with black hair, but his sharp eyes had been emitting an oppressive pressure since just now.
He was Megumin’s father whose name I’ve heard before, Hyoizaburo.
“… Thanks for taking care of my daughter. I express my sincere gratitude for that.”
Hyoizaburo said as he bowed lightly to me.
Beside him was a beautiful lady who resembled Megumin, with a head of black hair and slight wrinkles on the corner of her lips and eyes.
“My daughter has troubled you very much… I learned much about Kazuma-san from the letters she sent back… So, we know you quite well…”
Megumin’s mother, Yuiyui-san bowed deeply toward me.
What should I do?
I sent begrudging glances at the one who should be picking up the mess.
Megumin exhausted her mana because of that explosion spell, and was sleeping in the set of beddings in the corner.
After looking emotionally at Megumin for a moment, Hyoizaburo stiffened his face and asked:
“… Well then. What’s your relationship with my daughter?”
He asked me the same question for the third time.
“… I’ve already said it many times, we’re just normal friends and comrades.”
After Hyoizaburo heard that, he looked as if he couldn’t bear it anymore, moving quickly to the table where Aqua was performing and reached out.
After looking emotionally at Megumin for a moment, Hyoizaburo stiffened his face and asked:
“… Well then. What’s your relationship with my daughter?”
He asked me the same question for the third time.
“… I’ve already said it many times, we’re just normal friends and comrades.”
After Hyoizaburo heard that, he looked as if he couldn’t bear it anymore, moving quickly to the table where Aqua was performing and reached out.
“What did you sayyyyyy?”
“Hubbyyyyyy! Stop! Don’t flip and damage the table! Our finances are really tight this month!”
There were many weird people among the Crimson Demons.
– Hyoizaburo sipped the tea his wife made for him and sighed.
“Pardon me, I was too agitated. All because you kept playing dumb and saying you’re just friends.”
I swallowed my words ‘we’re just friends’ back, and took something out to change the topic.
Those were snacks I bought in Alcanretia after the hot spring trip a few days earlier.
I didn’t have a chance to take them out yet as we set off from Axel immediately after coming back.
“This is… Just a simple gift for your hospitality…”
At that instant, Hyoizaburo and his wife grabbed the package I was handing over at the same time.
“… My dear, this is a gift from Kazuma-san to me. Let go.”
“Oh, really now hubby. You were just addressing him rudely as ‘you’, and you suddenly change it to ‘Kazuma-san’ after seeing the gift, just how thick-skinned are you? This will be dinner tonight, I won’t let you eat it as snacks for your wine, all right?”
The madam made a joke I couldn’t laugh at.
No, those were just buns. You can eat that for dinner or as snacks to complement wine.
I endured my urge to say that, and Komekko cheered.
“Food? Hey, that’s solid food, right? Not porridge so thin you can’t even see the rice, but something that’ll make you full?”
… I took out all the rations in my backpack and spread them before me in silence.
“Really… It isn’t much…”
“You came at the right time, Kazuma-san! My dear, serve him our best tea!”
“There’s only one type of tea in the house, I’ll brew some right now, a moment please!”
– As I drank the tea prepared by the madam, Komekko held the buns I brought in each hand, stuffing it into her mouth like a squirrel.
Komekko chewed quietly as she stared intently at my profile.
Komekko looked at the two buns in her hands, gulped, and…
“… For you. It tastes good.”
She offered me the bun she wasn’t eating.
Komekko stared hungrily at the bun she was offering.
“Komekko, don’t get any closer! Come to onee-chan, quick!”
“That’s right Komekko! That man always plays obscene pranks on your sister. Come here before he lays his claws on you!”
Komekko looked at me with her head tilted despite what Aqua and Darkness were saying.
I’ll punish them later… Komekko was really an angel.
“Thank you, Komekko can have it. Onii-chan’s already full.”
When she heard that, Komekko said ‘I see!’ and sat beside me, munching on her buns again.
I smiled when I saw such a cute scene.
Hyoizaburo said to me with a serious face.
“… No matter how much food you bring, I won’t give you Komekko!”
“That’s a misunderstanding! Please don’t listen to those two!”
Aqua sneaked to my side as I desperately tried to explain and grabbed Komekko away as if she was trying to protect her from me.
… I’ll remember this, you two.
Komekko paid no heed to being grabbed and taken away by Aqua, munching on her buns and letting Aqua do as she pleased.
Finally, the madam smiled warmly at me as I was drinking tea and said:
“By the way, I heard Kazuma-san has a huge amount of debt, correct? I won’t object since I feel that Kazuma-san’s a good person… But if you want to be with our daughter, shouldn’t you do so after clearing your debts…?”
I spit the tea in my mouth out.
“What do you mean by ‘be with your daughter’? Didn’t I just explain that we’re just friends?”
In response to my strong response, the madam looked at me confusedly:
“From the letters sent by my daughter, I thought the two of you were close, right…?”
“No, wait, may I ask what was written on the letters?”
I calmed down and looked at Hyoizaburo and madam in the face.
The madam finally spoke:
“For example, …”
“Admiring the scene of my daughter being covered in goo.”
“Saying things like, ‘Did your bust grow bigger?’ while piggybacking my daughter.”
“Bathing together with my daughter.”
“When my daughter was napping defenseless on the couch, you’ll squat down with your hands on your knees to peek under her skirt.”
“When feeding Chomusuke, you’ll put panties before him and say, ‘Listen up, it looks like this, if you can steal this for me, I’ll treat you to better food’, teaching him to do bad things.”
“… And so, your relationship is so close that sexual harassment becomes commonplace…”
When I heard that, I got on my knees and prostrated myself before Megumin’s parents.
Hyoizaburo continued after his wife–
“Even so, my daughter still thinks you’re an important comrade she can’t just ignore. She even wrote that even though you’re a pervert who is full of debt with poor combat skills, vulgar language, and lacks common sense, she can’t leave you alone because you’ll die easily if she doesn’t keep an eye on you. My daughter already said this much, so I think there must be something…”
He said with a heavy heart.
There were many parts that were strange, but I was happy that she thought of me as an important comrade.
That’s right, our bonds were strong enough to accommodate each other’s flaws, just hearing her bad mouthing me wouldn’t shake the trust I have in her…
“According to my daughter, she’s the main damage dealer in Kazuma-san’s team; the team won’t be able to function without her. And she was the one who defeated the Demon King’s General Vanir, forced another general out from his castle by bombarding his castle every day, and made huge contributions in subjugating that general…”
… Eh, that’s not wrong.
We defeated the general,  Hans, recently too, but we weren’t so dependent on Megumin that the team wouldn’t be able to function without her…
“Hmm. And she was the one to deal the final blow to the Mobile Fortress Destroyer! Oh, my daughter really made a name for herself!”
Continuing from where his wife left off, Hyoizaburo added happily…
It’s not wrong, but…
I glanced at Megumin who was sleeping soundly.
Megumin who was breathing deeply turned her back to  me…
Was she awake?
The madam looked at me with suspicious eyes while I watched Megumin–
“The letter also states many things about you and your comrades… Well, do you still have a lot of debt? This concerns the team my daughter’s in. We want to help, too, but my family’s not that well off…”
She said apologetically…
“Ah, no, the debt’s already been cleared. I should be able to get a large amount of money after this trip, so there are no problems, don’t worry.”
After hearing, what I blurted out by accident, Hyoizaburo reacted strongly.
“… Oh. Pray tell how much you’ll be getting…”
Feeling a bit nervous in Megumin’s home, I didn’t question too much and answered truthfully.
“About three hundred million eris.”
“Three hundred million?”
… Hmm? Did I say something unnecessary?
Hyoizaburo came close to me.
And smiled gently as he clapped his hands.
“Ah, Kazuma-san, that’s right, how about staying here for the night? You’re my daughter’s comrade, so we must treat you well! How about staying here from now on? As an adventurer, you’re probably wandering around without a fixed home, right?”
“Yes! Komekko, sleep with me and dad in the living room tonight! Those two can just sleep in our room! But our house is small, so there’s only our room and Megumin’s old room… It’s a bit cramped for so many people to stay here… Hey hubby, how about…”
I was terrified by the incredible words of the two of them–
“No, no need… I, well, have a mansion in Axel…”
– And told them this fact timidly.
“Mansion!!”
Oh no.
I shifted my gaze from the glowing eyes of these two and sought help from Darkness and Aqua…
“Next! Something amazing will come out from this box!”
“Something will definitely jump out when she opens it! That’s it, Komekko!”
“Amazing! Amazing!”
The three of them seemed rather busy.
It was already evening, but Megumin was still sleeping soundly.
That was to be expected.
She might be the most down-to-earth person in the team, but she was just fourteen.
Right after finishing the trip to Alcanretia, she came on this journey right away and exhausted all her mana with her explosion spell.
And her family who she hadn’t met for so long…
“Mum! Meat! Meat!”
“My dear, I hear that vegetables are good for your skin, so leave the meat to me. I wish for you to be beautiful forever!”
“Ara, ara, hubby, your hair’s thinning, eating the seaweed salad should be enough for you!”
… Weren’t concerned at all about their soundly sleeping daughter, instead fighting to eat the ingredients I bought.
Dinner was hotpot.
Aqua sipped on the wine I bought together with the ingredients, while Darkness seemed a bit nervous. Maybe it was her first time eating together with everyone at a short table.
She glanced at me from time-to-time, checking if her manners were proper as she ate gracefully.
Komekko finally finished eating, and said with sparkling eyes:
“Hey, Dad, Mum! The blue-haired nee-chan’s amazing! She made a big Neroid come out from a small box!”
That piqued my curiosity.
Darkness noticed that I was listening to this conversation.
“It was amazing, Kazuma. Something physically impossible happened: A Neroid physically larger than the box came out and flew away through the window. I’ve been thinking about that all this while…”
When I heard that, I told Aqua, who was happily drinking wine:
“… Say, this has been bothering me for a while now, can I watch your tricks carefully?”
“Don’t wanna. Performances aren’t done by request, I’ll do so only when I feel hyped up. If you want to see it no matter what, then prepare a party that’ll make me want to perform.”
She said, nimbly squeezing peas out of a pea pod with one hand, then flicking the empty pod onto my lips.
“How dumb… I already aimed for your mouth, so catch it properly… Stop, stop! You don’t even drink much, don’t take all of my pea pods!”
Dinner was harmonious.
It reminds me of my time in Japan eating together with my family, making me forget my nervousness of camping out these few days while happily enjoying a proper meal.
– It happened when I was returning to the living room after my bath.
“What nonsense is this? Aren’t you concerned about your daughter? What you’re doing is sending a delicious lamb into the cage of a beast that’s been starved for a week!”
Aqua and the others bathed before me, so I was last. I could hear Darkness’s accusations from the entrance.
What were they arguing about? I peeked inside and saw Hyoizaburo lying in the middle of the living room, snoring.
He was still awake when I took my bath, wasn’t that a bit too fast?
I didn’t see Aqua anywhere; she probably went into the room she was assigned to sleep in.
“Even if you say that… They’ve been living under the same roof all this while, and nothing went wrong, correct? There aren’t any problems. My daughter is of marriageable age, and Kazuma-san’s a sensible adult… Even if something did happen, wouldn’t that mean both parties were willing? If that’s the case, I can’t say anything even as a parent.”
It seemed like Darkness was protesting against letting me sleep with Megumin.
I’m fine with sleeping anywhere, though.
A devious smile appeared on madam’s face.
“… By the way, Darkness-san, why are you so against this? Would it be inconvenient for you if Kazuma-san sleeps together with my daughter?”
She asked something I was a little concerned about…
“Huh? That’s like saying I’m jealous, it feels unpleasant, please don’t say that…”
… Hmm.
“Is, is that so, my apologies. I seemed to be mistaken. But it would be too cramped to move my daughter to the other room. If no one sleeps in the same room as Kazuma-san…”
Darkness said to Madam:
“Just let Hyoizaburo-san sleep with Kazuma, problem solved.”
“Eh?”
After hearing Darkness’s logical statement, Madam was surprised.
No, that was a good way, but couldn’t you read the mood…?
“That’s not lewd at all–eh, no, from what I understand about my daughter’s letter, letting Komekko sleep with him is out of the question, and I’ll feel uneasy if the head of the family does that too…”
Hey Madam, what did you say? What kind of person did you think I am?
I’ll ask them to let me see all the letters Megumin sent them tomorrow.
Darkness seemed to be getting excited as she exclaimed loudly–
“In that case…! I’ll sleep beside him! If it’s me, even if that beast tried anything, I’ll resist to the end…! No, maybe resistance would be futile, and I’ll become a playtime for his abnormal lust and do something incredible. That, that’s right, he must’ve accumulated a lot of lust during this journey. He even stayed up all night! I heard that boys will become agitated after staying up all night…! He might forcefully press me down despite my resistance, cover my mouth and say to me threateningly, ‘You’ll wake Komekko, keep quiet unless you want everyone to hear this’ and…”
“Sleep.”
Madam chanted her spell and Darkness who kept rumbling on collapsed.
How fierce.
… I unconsciously looked at Hyoizaburo who showed no signs of waking up in this din.
Could it be, Hyoizaburo was also…?
Suddenly, Madam noticed me peeking into the living room as she picked up Komekko who was dozing off with one hand.
“Ara, Kazuma-san. Just finished your bath? Darkness-san fell asleep, could you help me carry her to the room?”
She said with a smile.
“You’ve been of great help. Darkness-san must be tired from her tough journey, and won’t wake before morning. My husband, Komekko, and I are all deep sleepers, so we won’t wake even if it’s a bit noisy… Kazuma-san, you must be tired, do retire early for today.”
Madam said as she forcefully pushed me into the room Megumin was sleeping in.
“Eh, well… I won’t hold back and go straight to sleep… Just to let you know, I’ve known Megumin for a long time so there won’t be any accidents, all right? Please don’t believe what that perverted crusader who’s been holding it in said.”
“I know, I know, so no problem! If something does happen, you’ll take proper responsibility…!”
You don’t get it at all, madam.
I was pushed into Megumin’s room.
“Both of you, enjoy yourselves…!”
I heard Madam utter behind me.
I shrugged and considered the dim room.
Sleeping in the middle of the room was Megumin, who was brought in while I wasn’t paying attention.
Just from her sleeping posture, Megumin looked pretty.
The dash of the gentle moonlight shining through the windows illuminated Megumin’s sleeping face.
Seeing her luscious black hair, I felt a strange attraction between the two of us…
… I lost myself looking at her.
Being attracted to Megumin who I’ve gotten used to might be the result of the psychological trauma those orcs left on me.
After I return to town, I’ll ask the succubus Onee-chans to heal my soul.
It was tiring for me too, so I should sleep early.
… At this moment.
“Lock!”
I heard this sound coming from outside.
That was probably Madam locking the door with magic.
It was my fault for spilling the amount of money I would be getting, but Madam was really pulling out all the stops.
Even when her daughter already wrote so much about this man, was it fine for a parent to act like this?
She seemed confident in her female instinct and judgment of people.
… Forget it, I’ll just sleep.
Stopping my train of thought, I surveyed the cramped room restlessly and realized.
Aside from the bedding Megumin was in, there was no other place for me to sleep
I stood there stiffly for a moment under the dim illumination of the moonlight.
Before me was Megumin, who was deep in slumber.
There was just the two of us in the room right now.
Aqua drank herself into a deep sleep, and Hyoizaburo, who might interfere, had been knocked out by Madam.
… Also, no one could exit the room since the door was locked by magic from the outside.
It was a feast laid right before me.
Only one set of bedding in the room.
It may be spring, but the weather was still cold.
Even if we were indoors, we might catch a cold if we don’t use a blanket.
What if the flu worsens and leads to pneumonia?
I heard that healing spells couldn’t cure disease in this world.
Dying from illness was viewed as death from natural causes, so resurrection wouldn’t work.
Which meant that dying from illness was worse than falling in battle; a cold was a terrifying thing.
And so, there was no problem with me snuggling into the bedding with Megumin…
“……”
I pondered about it for a moment.
If I do anything to the sleeping Megumin, I wouldn’t be able to deny Darkness and Aqua if they accused me of being a demon and an evil-natured being.
I’m a gentleman, not someone like that.
But the situation right now was that I had the blessings of both her parents.
If that was so, I would win the court case even if Megumin was to sue.
No, no, no, could I really win?
Anyway, how does the judicial system in this world work?
Damn it, I should seriously learn the laws of this world!
If I knew…
No, that’s not it.
Thinking about what I should do if I was sued, that logic was wrong.
No way, this situation was making me panic too.
Calm down, Satou Kazuma, calm down and think!
No matter how I see it, the nights in spring were very cold.
I couldn’t think in such a cold condition; allow me to snuggle in the beddings to regain my composure.
Careful not to wake Megumin, I cautiously got inside the bedding, feeling her warmth and peaceful breathing beside me as I thought…
……
Wait, crap!
What a cunning trap, I was sleeping beside Megumin before I realized it.
I was about to get up when I realized.
What will I do next after rushing out of the bedding?
If I did that, I’ll wake up Megumin, right?
And then, it’ll be just like the typical development in mangas and anime.
That’s right, it’ll be the beginning of my sentencing trial that I’d have no hope of defending.
If that happens, even if I were to argue that I was set up by her parents and didn’t do anything, no one would listen.
How unjust.
Just like the sentencing of an innocent man accused of being a pervert on a train.
I won’t make the same mistakes as my predecessors.
Since I knew I would be treated unreasonably despite not doing anything…!
– Going by this logic in reverse, I chose to not commit a crime.
Megumin’s steady breath blew into my ear.
Oh no, my heartbeat was rising.
I was going to do something incredible right now.
I was not a holy man without lust, but a sexually frustrated man you could find anywhere.
Allowing a healthy boy to sleep in the same room with a pretty girl; something will certainly happen.
Most importantly, it was Megumin’s parents who set up this situation.
It’s okay, I can win.
With so many things going for me, even if I face Sena in the trial, I’ll certainly win…!
When I was making up my mind to put my thoughts into action.
Megumin opened her eyes wide, looking at me with sleepy eyes as if she wanted to grasp the situation.
“Morning. Did you sleep well?”
“Hmm… Morning Kazuma… Um, how long did I sleep…?”
It was already midnight.
It wasn’t too late into the night yet, but it had been about eight hours since Megumin said she would sleep for a while and fell into deep slumber.
“I see…”
After that, she suddenly reacted to the situation she was in.
“… So, why am I sleeping in the same bedding as Kazuma?”
She said as she stared at the ceiling.
I looked up at the same ceiling and said.
“… Don’t make me say it, it’s embarrassing.”
“What did you say?”
Megumin jumped when she heard my words.
“Hey, don’t pull the blankets, it’s cold. Calm down first.”
“Why are you so calm? The first thing I noticed after waking up was that I was sleeping with Kazuma in my nostalgic room! How can I stay calm…?”
Megumin said as she charged out of the blanket and patted her own body.
She seemed to be checking if anything was done to her.
She then breathed a sigh of relief…
“Hey, do you really think I’m a lowlife who’ll do something to you while you were sleeping? I’ve been wondering for a while now, what do you all think I am? We’ve been living in the same mansion for over a year now and nothing’s happened, right? Darkness too, treating me like some sort of beast when she heard I would be sleeping with Megumin.”
I pulled back the blanket that was opened when Megumin got out. It was cold, so I only showed my face from the blanket.
In response, Megumin answered awkwardly.
“… Ugh. You, you have a point, sorry… I’m a bit confused seeing this straight after waking up… You, you’re right, Kazuma might sexually harass others when he cracks jokes, but he isn’t someone who’ll do it for real.”
Megumin said as she smiled and relaxed.
I maintained my position of keeping only my head out of the blanket and said to Megumin:
“Of course, don’t look down on me. After all, your mother was the one who pushed me into this room. She even locked it with a spell, so I’ve got no choice but to hide in the blanket.”
Megumin sighed deeply when she heard that.
She seemed to be expressing that she finally understood the situation.
“Really, she…”
She muttered in a relaxed voice. I opened the blanket for her, patting the space beside me.
“That’s how it is. It’s cold outside, so get in. Don’t worry, I won’t do anything.”
Megumin’s expression stiffened when she heard that.
She lowered her head and said in a disappointed tone–
“… You really won’t do anything? It’s just the two of us here.”
She said something that stirred my imagination.
Hmm?
What, what is this? Is it fine to do something?
Holding my hand when we were camping outside and the current situation, spring has come!
I immediately dismissed what I just said.
“Don’t be stupid, it’s such a rare chance for the two of us to be alone, how can I not do anything? I’ve even gotten permission from your parents!”
Megumin dashed for the window when she heard that.
“I knew that would happen! I’ll sleep over at Yunyun’s place tonight!!”
“Ahhh? Damn, it’s a trap!!”
Megumin leapt out of the room through the window and disappeared into the night.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Boring Bone, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Xenthur
The next morning.
After finishing breakfast, we bid farewell to Megumin’s parents, who had to go to  work, and then we lazed around in the living room.
“Megumin, Megumin, it’s a rare chance for us to visit, so take us sightseeing around the village.”
Aqua said to Megumin who returned from Yunyun’s house early in the morning.
“Sightseeing…? You do know that this village is at war with the Demon King’s army, right?”
I retorted, but after seeing how the Crimson Demons ravaged the Demon King’s army yesterday, it was understandable why Aqua said that.
“No problem. Since the village is safe, we can teleport back to Axel if you want to. Since Aqua proposed so, let’s spend the day relaxing in the village and stay another night.”
Even the person in question said so.
“Hmm, so there are people here who can teleport us to Axel. The journey back will be much easier.”
That was great news for me.
I didn’t need to pass through the orcs’ territory again.
“Trashzuma seems really happy. I’ll be sightseeing together with Megumin, what about the others?”
“All right, I don’t have anything to do anyway, so I… Hey, what did you just call me?”
I turned to Aqua, who tilted her head puzzled.
“Did I say something strange?”
“No, no… Just my imagination, right…? Never mind, what about you, Darkness?”
I tossed the topic to Darkness and she stopped cleaning her armor for a moment.
“There’s somewhere I want to go. I heard the blacksmith here is skilled, so I want to visit as an armor enthusiast. Scumzuma, go ahead with your sightseeing without me.”
“Well, okay… Hey, what did you just say?!”
“So, it’ll be Aqua, Lowlifezuma, and me sightseeing. There are many scenic places in the village, I don’t think it’ll be boring–”
“Wait a minute!”
I started yelling, Aqua still looked confused.
“What is it, Trashzuma who wanted to make a move on the sleeping Megumin?”
“I’m very sorry…!!”
I covered my face with my hand and slumped weakly.
Megumin seemed to have told everything to the two of them before I got up.
However, I’m a healthy boy, it would be hard not to go with the flow when I’m placed in such a position.
Or rather, it would be rude not to make a move on the girl sleeping in the same bed.
After my passionate speech.
“I hope the orcs attack you again.”
Megumin looked at me as if I was trash.
Sometime later, after I treated her to all sorts of food at the only cafe in the village, Megumin gave in and finally relented, taking us sightseeing.
“What is this?”
That was my first impression.
She brought me to a building that looked like a shrine and said:
“This is the holy relic of this village…”
“No matter how I look at it, this is a figurine of a cat-eared girl in swimwear.”
A figurine of a girl was placed deep within the shrine in deep reverence.
“A long time ago, our ancestors saved a traveler who was attacked by monsters… As thanks, the traveler gifted this holy relic to them. The traveler said that this is a relic even more important than his own life. We don’t know what goddess this is, but good things might happen if we pray to it, so we placed it here in deep reverence. I heard that the way to construct these buildings known as shrines was taught to our ancestors by this traveler.”
That traveler was definitely Japanese.
“Hey Kazuma, it displeases me how that figurine is being treated as well as me, an actual goddess.”
“As the one who sent the guy with this thing here, you should be the one apologizing to the Crimson Demons.”
– baffled by our reaction, Megumin brought us to the second scenic attraction.
“This is the holy sword that’s said to grant immense powers to the one who pulls it out.”
“As expected of the Crimson Demon village! Such an amazing thing!”
Before me was a sword in a boulder.
Whoever draws this sword will be the chosen one and receive legendary power… A cliché setting in games.
“Hey, hey, can we try?”
“That’s fine, but it’ll take some time; you need to pay a challenge fee to the old blacksmith first. You can challenge this after paying and each person will have only one try.”
Megumin poured a cold bucket over the excited me…
Take some time?
And a challenge fee?
“Isn’t this a sword only the chosen hero can draw? Ah, maybe the seal will grow weaker after some time, and it’ll be easier to draw…?
“The old blacksmith made this sword to attract tourists. A spell has been cast on it, so that only the ten thousandth person can pull it out. There have only been a hundred or so challengers. After all, this sword has only been here for four short years.”
“Hey, isn’t the history of his holy sword too recent?”
I retorted.
Aqua admired the holy sword from up close.
“Hey, I can probably break the seal with my magic. Can I take this sword with me?”
“Please don’t do that. This is one of the attractions in this village, don’t pull it out!”
– Next, we went to a fountain under the shade of a tree.
“This is known as the ‘Wishing Fountain’. There’s a legend about this fountain. If you give offerings such as axes or coins, you can summon the goddess of gold and silver. Even now, there are people who throw axes and coins in.”
This sounded like a messed-up version of a tale from my world.
“I don’t know who spread this legend… If not for the kind blacksmith who clears the fountain periodically, this place would’ve become a pool of weapons.”
“… By the way, what did the blacksmith do with the coins and weapons he fished out?”
“He recycles them into new weapons and armor, of course.”
I think I have an idea who started this legend.
“Well then, off to the next attraction… Hmm? Where did Aqua go?”
Now that she mentioned it, Aqua was gone.
Suddenly, a ripple appeared in the still fountain–
“… Hey, what are you doing? I can’t let my guard down with you around.”
The goddess (self-proclaimed) of water poked her head out of the water.
She dove into the water when I wasn’t paying attention.
“I heard there were people who threw their coins in, so I dove down and picked them up… Hey, when it’s the tourist season, I’ll allow you to hire me as the goddess of this fountain.”
“Okay, I’ll throw an axe into the water. Catch it and turn it into money for me.”
While I was looking around for something to throw, Aqua started swimming away.
“Let’s go to the next attraction, next one!”
The next place was an underground entrance that didn’t look aesthetically pleasing at all.
In a word, it was like the entrance to a nuclear shelter…
“This is the underground facility that seals the ‘weapon that might destroy the world’. No one knows when it appeared here… I heard that this facility was built at the same time as that mysterious facility over there…”
There was a giant mysterious facility in the direction Megumin was pointing at.
What was that thing for? It looked like a building made from concrete.
“What do you mean by ‘mysterious facility’? What’s that building used for?”
“I mean it’s literally a mysterious facility. Even after going inside to investigate, we still don’t know who built it, for what purpose or even when it was built. So, we call it the ‘mysterious facility’ and it has been like this all this time.”
What was wrong with this village?
“Well, the ‘weapon that might destroy the world’ sounds really scary, but this entire village are experts in magic, so the seal won’t be undone so easily. It was a good choice to seal it away here.”
I said to myself.
“Hey Megumin, are there any other amazing things being sealed here?
“You came too late; there was the ‘tomb of the evil god’ and ‘place where the unknown goddess was sealed’. But something happened and their seals were broken.”
“Aren’t your seals here too unreliable? Hey, is it fine to put the ‘prohibited weapon that might destroy the world’ in this place?”
“No, no problem. To unseal the place, you need to solve a riddle and input the correct answer. The riddle is written in an ancient language no one understands… So, there are no problems, trust me on this!”
– Megumin said there was a place she wanted to go and brought us to a certain shop.
This should be a tailor shop.
The entrance of the shop had an old signage with a clothing logo. Through the glass door, I could see the shop owner wearing long black robes and a stern expression.
Megumin entered and the shop owner shot a glance at us…
“Welcome… Hmm? Megumin, are these two outsiders?”
He asked while studying us with sharp eyes.
Aqua was frightened by his gaze and hid behind me.
What, what? Was something wrong?
Could it be that some of them had prejudice toward outsiders?
As my heart rate increased, Megumin nodded her head.
The shop owner suddenly jumped up and flicked his cape nimbly inside the cramped shop.
“I’m Chekera! An Archwizard that wields Advanced Magic! Shop owner of the number one tailor shop in the Crimson Demon Clan!”
So, the people in this village couldn’t make self-introductions without going through the whole motion?
After stating his name and title in all seriousness, the shop owner smiled with satisfaction.
“Once again, welcome to my shop! Oh, it’s been so long since I saw an outsider! How long has it been since I made my grand introduction? Thanks to you, I’m much more relaxed now.”
… So, this is a way to relieve stress.
“I’m Satou Kazuma. So this is the top tailor shop of the Crimson Demons, that’s impressive.”
The shop owner smiled happily because of my praise.
“This is the only tailor shop in the Crimson Demon village , after all.”
“Are you messing around with me?”
I retorted on reflex.
“There aren’t many shops in the village anyway. This is the only tailor and there’s only one shoe store. All the other shops are one of a kind too.”
That Bukkoroli guy also said he would inherit the number one shoe shop of the Crimson Demons.
Megumin averted her face awkwardly under my gaze of disgust.
“Putting that aside… What brings you here? You want new clothes?”
Megumin answered:
“I want to buy a spare robe to wear. Do you have the same type as the one I’m wearing? Yunyun gave me this robe, but it isn’t convenient if there’s only one.”
She said as she showed the robe she was wearing to the shop owner.
“– This type… I have a batch that’s just been dyed.”
We were brought before a row of robes hanging from a laundry pole.
The robes on it were all the same type as Megumin’s.
“I’ll take them all.”
“All of them? Oh, that Megumin is now a bourgeois…? Seems like you’re doing well as an adventurer.”
“Of course, it’s about time the villagers learn about my exploits outside. And this robe is my battle wear, it’ll be good to have more of it… And so, Kazuma who’s going to be rich soon, lend me money.”
“Ah, you… Hah, forget it, we probably won’t visit this village ever again. I’ll lend you some.”
After making a tidy profit, the shop owner was all smiles as he took down all the robes from the laundry pole.
I yelped when I saw the thing that I thought was a laundry pole.
“… Hey.”
“…? What is it?”
Megumin seemed to be asking what was wrong with the laundry pole.
“You, this… Hey wait, how can you use this terrible thing as a laundry pole?”
“Oh, do you know what this thing is used for, customer? This laundry pole has been passed down in my family for generations. It won’t rust, so we treat it like a treasure.”
The shop owner said with a peaceful face…
Aqua looked at the laundry pole and said curiously:
“No matter how I look at it, isn’t this a rifle?”
That’s right.
It was about the size of a laundry pole, but looked like an extra-long rifle, and it was being used as a laundry pole.
The villagers must not have known that this was a weapon.
A cat ear shrine, a holy relic, this rifle, and the mysterious concrete building… What was wrong with this village?
After leaving the shop, we walked around the village and rested on the grass of a small hill.
“The view here’s really great. If I knew, I would’ve brought our lunch box and we could have picnicked here.”
“If you want to see the view, there’s an observation platform at the top of the hill. The magic telescope is powerful enough to see the Demon King’s castle. I heard the most recommended watch spot is the room of the Demon King’s daughter.”
“You guys are really worthless; even the Demon King’s castle has been commoditized by you.”
Lying casually on the grass, Aqua said:
“Hey Megumin, the view’s nice here, but didn’t I tell you I wanted to visit somewhere romantic?”
“This place is romantic. This is known as the ‘hill of the demon god’. Legends say that if you confess here and become a couple, you’ll be bound together by the curse of the demon god and can never break up. This is a romantic attraction made for lovers…”
“What a depressing love story! It’s not romantic at all…! What’s that?”
The entire village could be clearly seen from the top of the hill.
There were black figures squirming outside the wooden fence, near Megumin’s home.
Feeling that it was suspicious, I looked with my Farsight skill…
“Hey Megumin! There are Demon King’s soldiers there! Isn’t that near your house?”
Megumin’s home was in a corner of the village, rather far away from the homes of the others.
These people, who were probably from the Demon King’s army, were gathering in the place that could be considered the outskirts.
Since the alarm wasn’t raised, it meant that the Crimson Demons hadn’t noticed them.
“Let me look. They’re relentless. I don’t understand why they keep attacking despite us beating them up so thoroughly. If they’re sneaking around, their objective is probably not to attack the people, but something like the facility inside the village.”
Facility inside the village…?
“Isn’t there a tomb sealing an evil god? An objective that matches the Demon King’s army would be the revival of an evil god… But isn’t the seal broken?”
“It was broken. What else would the Demon King’s army want…? Could it be the holy relic inside the cat ear shrine…?”
“If the Demon King really wants something like that, I think it’d be better for him to be wiped out along with this village.”
Well then, what was their goal then?
“Maybe they’re aiming for the prohibited weapon that might destroy the world or something?”
“That’s impossible. After all, that facility’s sealed differently from the other places, and no one knows the way to use that weapon.”
Why was this village keeping something so troublesome?
“Anyway, no one in the village has discovered them yet, they’ll be invaded! Let’s hurry down and tell everyone that the Demon King’s army is here!”
“As expected of Kazuma, skillful in using the influence of others to intimidate people.”
So, what if I am?
I asked all the villagers I ran into along the way to join us as we went to Megumin’s home and found…
“What’s with this woman? Where did she come from? What’s your goal?”
“Sylvia-sama! She didn’t run for help and lacks any means to attack powerfully, that’s too suspicious! This might be a trap, let’s retreat!”
After breaking in through the wooden fence, the Demon King’s army was facing off against Darkness who was wielding a greatsword.
“You shall not pass! You’ll have to defeat me if you want to go any further! However, I definitely won’t be defeated by the likes of the Demon King’s army!”
“What a troublesome woman! Her attacks are pathetic, but her defense is incredibly tough! Why can’t she just run after learning the difference in our prowess? Sylvia-sama, let’s ignore her and complete our main objective!”
Darkness, who made it back to Megumin’s home after hearing the wooden fence breaking, was stalling time for us.
The Demon King’s army was blocked by Darkness and couldn’t make it further.
I was moved by Darkness’s growth after seeing her performance that exceeded expectations.
“Darkness, good work in hanging in there for so long! We’re here to save you!”
“Ka-Kazuma? What, why are you here so soon…?”
Darkness mumbled in regret…
I was an idiot for feeling moved just now.
“I was disappointed when I heard the orcs I had great hopes for were all female, and now, even the Demon King’s army boss is a woman! Hey, if you’ve any pride as an underling of the Demon King, show me your might! If you have the guts, make me submit to you and scream ‘Master~❤’ or something!”
“Just shut up, you just messed up your chance to put up a great performance.”
Seeing the Crimson Demons I brought along, the Demon King’s general turned purple from fear.
To protect her subordinates, the boss stood in front of them. This one was Sylvia, right?
“Hee… Did you miss your attack on purpose to make us underestimate you, while your real purpose was to buy time? With defenses powerful enough to stop us for so long, you must be a high leveled Crusader… Not hitting my minions with your attack was just an act to hide your real skills huh… Not bad…”
“… Ah, ah, since, since you saw through it… It can’t be helped…”
The aristocratic lady, who was being overestimated and wasn’t good at lying, glanced my way, seeking help.
The powerful Crimson Demon mob was behind me, though.
Since they had the wrong idea about Darkness, I’ll use this chance to scare them a little.
“You’re Sylvia, right? That Crusader’s my comrade and the hero who took an Explosion head on in the battle with Demon King’s general, Vanir. You’re pretty good to grasp her true abilities in just this brief exchange…”
“Hey Megumin, the way Kazuma’s putting it seems weird.”
“Shh! It looks interesting, so let’s observe for now. Maybe he’ll boast about us too.”
The two of them whispered beside me.
The Crimson Demons were also watching the development with interest.
All right, I’ll do just that for Megumin this time.
“… Vanir, you say? I heard he went to Axel and never came back… Could it be you all…?”
Sylvia and her minions retreated a few steps with a shocked expression.
“That’s right, the one beside me–Megumin, dealt him the final blow.”
After hearing what I said, not just Sylvia, even the Crimson Demons were surprised.
My words made Megumin stiffen her lips, trying hard to suppress her smile.
“Not just that, the four of us even faced the Dullahan Beldia, the deadly poison slime Hans, and the high bounty target Mobile Fortress Destroyer, and defeated them all!”
“What, what did you say…? I heard about the defeat of Beldia, but when did Hans–? His periodic report from Alcanretia stopped, so it might be true…!”
I see, the Crimson Demon village and Alcanretia were rather far apart, so having to check in periodically made sense.
She probably found my words very convincing; Sylvia clicked her tongue with hate.
“… You’re the leader of your team, right? Can you tell me your name?”
My, my name? I don’t want a Demon King’s General to remember my name…
“… Mitsurugi Kyouya. That’s my name.”
“Mitsurugi…! Now I understand. I heard about the magic sword user Mitsurugi… You’ve got a weird sword with you too, which confirms it. You’re my type, you know…? But for the Crimson Demons and a powerful character like you to be here, this is troubling. Can you let me off this one time?”
Sylvia probably mistook my katana for the magic sword and started pleading for clemency.
Mitsurugi wouldn’t have any problems even if the Demon King’s army marked him.
And from what Sylvia said, the Demon King’s army already knew about Mitsurugi.
“… This jerk got scared at the crucial moment again. He just had to state that fellow’s name.”
“He was arrogant because of the mob of Crimson Demons behind him, but he’s backing off right now.”
The audience sure was noisy.
“That’s true, it would be my victory if we fought right now, but it wouldn’t feel right. It’d be as if I borrowed the might of the Crimson Demons to defeat you. Very well, I’ll let you run for now. That is, if the Crimson Demons behind me will allow you to.”
I said with a brave smile…
“My deep thanks, Mitsurugi. Farewell, we’ll have a proper match next time! My name is Sylvia, a general of the Demon King’s army…! Retreat!”
“You won’t escape! Lightning Strike!”
“Light of Saber!”
“Catch her for magic experimentation, ahhh!”
Sylvia turned and fled with her minions while the Crimson Demon mob chased behind.
Seeing off Sylvia who was leading her underlings in flight, I said while pondering something:
“– General of the Demon King’s army, Sylvia, huh…?”
“Hey Kazuma, you’re not done with your act yet?”
“That onee-san was amazing! She was fine even after being hit by magic and arrows!”
– That night.
We decided to spend the night at Megumin’s again. After dinner, Darkness earned rave praise for her performance earlier today.
“Ha, it’s nothing… As a Crusader, this isn’t much…”
Darkness, who wasn’t used to being praised, sat gracefully in the living room. Komekko’s words made her feel shy.
“I heard about it too, Darkness-san. You’re the one who stopped Sylvia’s infiltration, right? This team’s dependable, I can leave my daughter in Kazuma-san’s care without worries now. Oh right, about the room allocation tonight, Kazuma-san…”
Madam leaned this way as she spoke, I noticed something at this moment.
“Eh, where did Hyoizaburo-san go?”
“My husband said he had plenty of work to do and decided to sleep over at his workshop… I’ll heat the water up, then.”
Madam said nonchalantly and left the living room in a hurry.
When we were eating dinner together earlier, Hyoizaburo-san was throwing a fit, saying ‘I’m worried about my daughter, so I’ll sleep with Kazuma-san tonight’.
… Did Madam do something again?
“By the way, your taunts are great, let’s settle things with Sylvia next time!”
“That’s a great idea, I already ordered a popular model of armor from a skilled blacksmith, and it’ll be done in a few days. Hehe, I’m looking forward to the armor and the duel with Sylvia…!”
Megumin and Darkness clenched their fists excitedly.
I made it clear to them both:
“What nonsense are the two of you saying? We’re going home tomorrow. We finished sightseeing and have no reason to stay in this village. We’ll rush home with haste tomorrow and spend our days lazing at home.”
“Huh?”
When they heard what I said, Megumin and Darkness shouted in surprise.
Aqua who was drinking wine and eating pea pods chipped in:
“Running away after saying such a cool line? Didn’t she ask you to settle things with her next time?”
“Fighting such a beautiful general would weigh on my conscience, so let’s adopt a more conservative strategy this time. We can enjoy a bubbly NEET life after going home, so why should I wait here for that Demon King’s general to find trouble with me?”
“Why you! After making such a grand scene, you’re going to run away?”
“You’re not planning to meet them ever again after intimidating them so much? That’s going too far!”
Their reactions were intense.
“Not really, I was just thinking that we’ll be going home tomorrow, so I acted cool for fun. The chance of us meeting again will be very low. Why would I say something like that to a Demon King’s General? I only did so because the Crimson Demons got my back in that moment.”
“This fellow’s too much! What a jerk!”
“And you call yourself a human being?”
I covered my ears and ignored their complaints.
“Everyone, the water’s ready… Ara, what’s the matter?”
“Nothing, let me take the bath first.”
“Hey wait, don’t run!”
“We’re not done yet!”
I rushed into the bathroom with curses coming from behind me.
– After my bath, I came back relaxed and found Aqua, who seemed all steamed up, heading to her room.
“Hmm? Why do you look as if you just had a bath?”
“I bathed outside, they told me there’s a bathhouse nearby called ‘mixed hot spring’.”
Hey, why didn’t anyone tell me! We’ll be heading back tomorrow, what should I do?
While I was deliberating whether to stay for another night…
“Megumin, where are you going so late at night? I won’t allow my daughter who’s in her delicate age to stay outside! You came back from somewhere early this morning too!”
“For me who’s in my delicate age, my own house is the most dangerous, so I’ll sleep over at Yunyun’s! You’re scheming to make me sleep with Kazuma, right?”
“Ara, it’ll be fine if it’s Kazuma-san. Trust your mother’s judgement, he definitely wouldn’t let me down…”
“You’re turning against your daughter for an outsider? No, you only said that because you understood his true nature, right? ‘Not let you down’ means exactly that, correct?”
I heard Megumin arguing with her mother at the entrance.
“I don’t care what you’re quarreling over, I’m going to sleep… After my bath, I see that even Darkness is sleeping, I should turn in too…”
Aqua stretched tiredly and walked toward her assigned room; she probably drank too much.
Looking carefully, Darkness’s sleeping posture looked unnatural.
Without a doubt, the madam must’ve…
“No point in talking about this further! I’m sleeping over at Yunyun’s place!”
“I won’t let you escape! Ankle Snare!”
“What, what? You used magic on your own daughter, are you really a mothe-…?”
“Sleep.”
I heard something hitting the floor after Madam uttered her spell.
Finally, Madam showed me a gentle smile.
“I’m sorry, Kazuma-san, my daughter fell asleep at a strange place… Could you help me carry her to her room?”
– What should I do?
How should I handle this situation?
“Hey Megumin, stop pretending to sleep. You’re awake, right?”
I said to Megumin who was in deep slumber beside me.
And of course, Megumin didn’t answer at all.
I was the type that would go easily with the flow.
Could I really go all the way for this?
I thought back to how Megumin suddenly grabbed my hand at the campsite and held her hands as I listened to her steady breathing.
Her hands were a bit cold, so it felt comfortable holding them.
… My mind raced.
I would just be a criminal if I carried on.
First, I need a proper reason for me to lay my hands on Megumin inside the bedding.
… And suddenly, an inspiration struck.
When Megumin woke up last night, I snuggled into her bedding by saying that it was too cold outside. I just need to turn this excuse into reality.
I just needed to lower the temperature of this room until it was necessary to hide inside the blanket.
That’s right, my powers probably existed just for today.
Holding Megumin’s hand with my right, I put my left hand outside the blanket and cast a spell on the window.
“Freeze!”
A blow that used up almost all the mana within me.
This spell froze the surface of the window, encasing it with several centimeters of ice.
And the temperature in the room dropped drastically.
Oh, that was the effect I was after!
With the window frozen, Megumin couldn’t escape by the window like she did yesterday!
Perfect.
I’m really a genius to have thought of such a flawless plan!
… While I was impressed with my scheme…
“… Ugh…”
Maybe I was too loud in chanting my spell, Megumin seemed to have woken up.
“Morning Megumin, did you sleep well?”
“… Morning. Hmm? Is this my room?”
Megumin held hands with me as she looked around the room in a daze. She was probably still half asleep.
Finally, she realized she was holding my hand.
“–!! You finally crossed the line, you beast! Kazuma, you animal! I thought you are a coward who would commit sexual harassment, but doesn’t have the guts to do it when the time comes!”
Megumin charged out of the beddings with tears in her eyes.
“Hey, hold it, I didn’t do anything! It’s just handholding, don’t make such a fuss! Look, isn’t it much colder than yesterday? I only held your hand unconsciously because it was too cold.”
Megumin realized the room was exceptionally cold after I said so, and she shivered.
She then checked her body carefully and finally said with a blushed face.
“You, you really didn’t do anything? And with the lesson from yesterday, I won’t trust you so easily.”
“Idiot, how long did you think you’ve been sleeping? I’ve been staying by your side honestly all this while.”
“Is, is that so? Sorry, Kazuma, I misunderstood you again. That’s true, if Kazuma had the guts to cross the line, you would’ve taken a gamble and made a move on Darkness… I said something rude, I apologize.”
Megumin said apologetically under the vague moonlight.
“Ah, it’s fine. However, it would be nice to thank me occasionally, right? All of you keep getting caught up in troublesome matters, and I keep having to clean up after you. Don’t you think I deserve some thanks?”
Such a scene that made my heart skip a beat was my just reward.
I wanted to say more, but I couldn’t continue when I saw Megumin’s face that was lit up under the moonlight.
“… Gratitude, right? You have a point.”
Megumin, who always looked at me with wrath, resignation, or pity, had a rare smile that matched girls her age.
Hmm?
Her straightforward expression made me feel uneasy.
“… Thank you for taking me in when I had nowhere to go in Axel, even though I’m a troublesome mage who can only use Explosion. Thank you for carrying me home after I exhaust my mana. Thank you for letting me stay on the team despite all the troubles I caused you.”
Megumin, who was always picking a fight, said something out of character.
Her white porcelain skin, contrasted with her black hair, had a hint of red.
The sign that Crimson Demons are excited–her red eyes glowed with mesmerizing light.
“What’s the matter? I’m just thanking you, right? Weren’t you the one who asked for this? Why are you acting so shy?”
Megumin said to me mischievously as I just stared at her dumbfounded.
Ah, I feel so embarrassed right now.
She always gave me attitude, but being gentle with me so suddenly caught me at a loss.
I hesitated on what to say.
“… Well, um, I was saved by you all numerous times too. According to your customs… I’m Satou Kazuma, the one who gets dragged repeatedly into troublesome matters, holder of the weakest job in Axel. My goal is to earn a lot of money and live happily ever after with all of you… Please, please take care of me from now on!”
I became more embarrassed as I went on, and Megumin giggled.
“Me too, please take care of me from now on… By the way, it’s really cold today. The house is run down, so maybe the cold got in from somewhere… Um, Kazuma really won’t do anything to me, right? It’s too cold, so I’ll go back into the blanket.”
Megumin said as she snuggled into the bedding with a red face.
Getting into the bedding under such an atmosphere would make me more nervous.
But it was cold today.
It couldn’t be helped…
… At this moment, I noticed the ice on the window.
What excuse should I make if someone saw it?
If Megumin saw that, the Kazuma stock that rose after so much effort would plummet.
What was I thinking when I did something that dumb?
I might’ve acted a little too rashly.
At this moment, Megumin leaned toward me.
She was much closer than before when we were lying side-by-side.
“… Me-Megumin, aren’t you a bit too close…?”
Megumin said as if she was teasing me:
“You’re always sexually harassing me, and now you act all timid? And you said you wouldn’t do anything, right? It should be fine then.”
My nervousness was totally different from just now.
It should be fine.
That’s right, this wasn’t much.
After all, I did say something really embarrassing and she became really trusting.
If she saw the frozen window, her wrath would reach a historical height.
Suddenly, my right hand was covered by something cold.
It seemed like Megumin was holding onto my hand willingly.
“… Hey, hey, don’t be so proactive, young girl. That time at the campsite too, if you do something like that out of the blue, my heart won’t be able to take it… Last night, Darkness even told your mother that letting you sleep with me was like putting a lamb into the cage of a beast that had been starving for a week.”
The room was cold but I started sweating. My voice was one pitch higher because of nervousness.
In response, Megumin laughed.
“Did Darkness say that? But she also said that even in a situation where you can do it for real, you would be too timid to act and brush it off with a joke.”
That bitch!
“Hey, what do you talk about with Darkness when you’re alone with her? Tell me, I promise I won’t get angry.”
Megumin panicked a little when she heard me and averted her head.
“… Hey, you two must’ve been speaking ill of me.”
“It’s a secret. Be-besides that, let’s tuck in early. We’re returning to Axel tomorrow, right? Let’s go back to our peaceful days there.”
She was trying to brush it off.
… At this point, Megumin, who was hiding in the blankets, said shyly:
“… I feel like visiting the washroom.”
With that, she climbed out of the bedding.
… Hey, wait!
“Ah, but your mom locked the door today–”
– Before I could finish, Megumin smiled wryly.
“She really… Never mind, I’ll go out from the windows tonight…”
Megumin looked at the windows and stood there stiffly.
… I covered my ears and hid my head back under the blanket, and curled into a ball.
That’s right, this was the perfect chance to activate Lurk.
While I was doing that, Megumin stared at the window blankly.
“… Kazuma, what’s going on?”
“… Winter Shogun passed by just now and left after freezing the window.”
Megumin pulled my blanket off immediately!
“Kazuma! What happened just now? This must be Kazuma’s handiwork! I know Kazuma did this, but I don’t understand what your objective is! Why did you freeze the window?”
So cold!
It was cold after she took the blanket.
I curled into a ball and evaded Megumin’s gaze.
“… If I tell you that honestly, will you promise not to be mad?”
“If you don’t tell me, I’ll get everyone to treat you in a crueler manner than today.”
– I confessed everything.
“… Are you an idiot? Is Kazuma someone who can react according to the situation or an idiot? Give my gratitude just now back!”
“You’re absolutely right. I think it’s strange too, why did I act so dumb for two nights in a row?”
Maybe I’ve been traveling too much recently and my brain had burned out.
Megumin knocked on the frozen glass gently.
The freeze magic that used up all my mana left a thick layer of ice on the window; it won’t break just by knocking it a little.
Seeing that, Megumin rushed to the door.
“Open the door! Hey, open it…! Mom, mom!”
She kept yelling as she banged on the door.
However, the house was silent and no one showed any signs of waking up.
It was too cold, so I sneakily picked up the blanket and covered myself.
“… How should I put this, it’s cold so let’s sleep for now. It’ll be fine, I won’t do anything, trust me. If you can’t hold it in… There’s an empty bottle over there.”
“Let me ask you again, what do you want me to do with that empty bottle? And I trusted you until just now, but I feel a sense of danger like never before! Ah, this is really…”
Megumin yelled at me as she held back her anger.
The warm atmosphere earlier was completely gone.
“It’s my fault, I guarantee you that I won’t do anything. I must’ve been possessed by an evil spirit to have frozen the window with magic. I’m really sorry.”
When she heard that–
“At least say that when you’re out of the blanket…”
Megumin gave up on doing anything to me and returned into the bedding. She probably couldn’t stand the cold anymore.
“Yahoo!”
“Kazuma, you’ll get it from me in the morning.”
In response to my exclamation of joy, Megumin announced this to me with red glowing eyes.
A certain great man once said, “Don’t worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself.”
And so, I decided to follow the teachings of my predecessors and live in the present.
Megumin, who proactively held my hand earlier, was sleeping in a corner with her back toward me.
This felt like a married couple who were tired of each other.
“… Hey, aren’t you cold? I’m really cold, so come closer.”
“… I really want you to give back the nice atmosphere just now…”
Megumin said in resignation. I chanted as softly as I could.
“Freeze.”
“You just complained about it being cold and you’re casting freeze? Just how much do you want to stick to me?”
After I was scolded by Megumin…
“Sigh… There’s only one pillow, so you use it. I’ll sleep on your arm.”
Megumin mumbled and leaned over.
“Hey, hey, I’ll feel troubled if you lean over so obediently.”
Megumin ignored me and placed her head onto my right arm, her face touching my chest.
“Just like Darkness said, ‘Even in a situation where you can do it for real, you’ll be too timid to act and brush it off with a joke.’”
Megumin said as she giggled inside the blanket.
… Hmm?
Could it be, Megumin wasn’t unwilling?
So, it’s my period of popularity…!
Just when my faint hope was gradually growing.
“Demon King’s army alert! Demon King’s army alert! A portion of the Demon King’s army has infiltrated the village!”
… Yeah, of course, I knew it would end up like this.
Madam opened the door with a face of pity after hearing the alarm.
I took my sword and dashed out together with Megumin.
Once outside, we met with Sylvia, who was covered in wounds.
“Ah… Ahhh! Just a bit further! A little more…! … Sigh, why must I meet you at a time like this? As expected of you, my subordinates’ diversion attack didn’t work on you at all! Did you rush here after realizing my true objective? Mit–”
“You’re noisy, shut it.”
Wearing pajamas and bare footed, I drew my sword and approached Sylvia slowly.
When she heard me, Sylvia–
“Asking me to shut it? You might be a magic sword user, but a mere human dare–”
“Didn’t I tell you to shut it? Are you looking for a beating? Interrupting me when things are going so well, who do you think you are? What time do you think it is? Do you think the neighbors don’t need to sleep?”
I cut Sylvia off and roared at a general of the Demon King’s army as if this was my first time being so mad.
“Sor- sorry…”
Faced with the explosive wrath of the human, Sylvia started to panic. But she regained her composure in no time.
“Hey, how dare you yell at me, you’ve got guts. Come at me together with that girl there, I’ll finish off both of you in one go!”
Prompted by her, I looked back.
Before I realized it, Megumin had come to my back with a staff in her hands.
Sylvia squinted her yellow feral eyes.
Just what race was she–? At first glance, she looked like a beautiful woman.
If she could move around in daytime, then she wasn’t a vampire.
Her ears were a little pointy… was she some type of devil?
She didn’t have any weapons with her, but what was that rope-like thing on her waist for?
Steeling myself, driven by the fury of her messing up my night, I stood before Megumin as if to protect her from Sylvia.
When Sylvia saw this, she licked her lips and smiled lewdly.
“Ara, ara, were you having a good time with that kid there? I really did something that spoiled the mood then.”
Sylvia taunted as she lowered her guard toward me and Megumin.
From the way she glanced at my katana from time to time, she was probably still mistaking me for Mitsurugi.
“Hey! Why is it so noisy in the middle of the night? What’s happening? Did Megumin sleep too much and cast an explosion?”
Aqua seemed to have been woken up because of the commotion, and poked her head out from the entrance.
“Hey Aqua, a general of the Demon King’s army is attacking! Get Hyoizaburo-san or Madam to come here!”
Aqua retreated back into the house immediately.
I really felt like slashing Sylvia who disrupted my happy times.
“I won’t hold back just because you’re a beauty! I’m all for gender equality, a man who won’t hesitate in drop kicking an evil woman!”
“Ara, I was hoping you’d show me some mercy. Thank you for calling me a beauty! I feel like just eating you up!”
I was thinking of using earth and wind magic combo to blind her, but unfortunately my mana had been used to do those stupid things, so I couldn’t even use them now.
I threw a bag I took when I charged out of the room at Sylvia.
“Hmm, what is it? A gift for me?”
Sylvia didn’t dodge, catching it with one hand.
At the same time, I slashed at her, but she caught it easily with her other hand.
Hey, what the hell was with this general?
Having caught my katana easily, Sylvia refused to let go.
In the end, she showed a confused face.
“… This is a magic sword? The craftsmanship’s too rough… Are you really Mitsurugi? Is the magic sword Gram something like this?”
Oh no, because the quality of my weapon and my swordsmanship were too poor, I got found out immediately.
No, it’s not over yet, I’ll–!
“It’s Chunchunmaru.”
“… Ah?”
I was planning on intimidating her with lies, but Megumin spoke before I did.
“I said this sword is Chunchunmaru. This is a really normally named sword, Chunchunmaru. Don’t compare it with Gram, some name that sounds like the bones of a horse.”
The culprit who gave my sword this weird name said passionately.
“… Fufu, hahaha! You’re not the magic sword user Mitsurugi, right? Can you tell me your real name, and why you’re pretending to be Mitsurugi?”
Sylvia started laughing heartily. What’s so funny?
“… My name’s Satou Kazuma. I pretended to be Mitsurugi because I don’t want you to know my real name and target me.”
“Ah, hah! Hahaha! That’s amazing, your idea is too wonderful! I like it!”
When she heard my answer, it flipped a strange switch in Sylvia and she started laughing like a maniac.
The entrance door opened once again and Aqua poked her head out.
“Hey, I already told Madam who’s waking Darkness, she’ll be right there!”
It happened in an instant; Sylvia pulled the katana she was grabbing toward her.
Still holding on to the katana, I lost my balance and was pulled toward Sylvia.
I let go immediately, but it was too late.
My face fell right into Sylvia’s breasts.
Sylvia threw the katana aside and held me close to her chest.
Thank you for your hospitality…
No, no, no, it’s a trap!
That’s right, even if she was a big breasted woman with smooth skin, tall and slender built, a beauty with all the right curves, now wasn’t the time to feel happy about– Thank you for your hospitality!
I buried my face in Sylvia’s breasts and resisted futilely…
“Stop resisting! Bind!”
I’ve seen this before; this was a skill which restricts the movement of an opponent.
This should be something only adventurers with rogue jobs could learn!
Is she a boss with the skills of a rogue?
Sylvia bound my body to her waist while I maintained the situation of having half my face buried in her breasts.
With my body close to Sylvia and a rope around us, I wondered if I would be able to live here anymore.
“This man’s my hostage! That girl over there, I don’t know why you didn’t cast any spells, but this man will be dragged in if you do!”
“What…! Ka-Kazuma! Are you all right? You seem to be enjoying yourself.”
Megumin looked at me with cold eyes.
I couldn’t help it, hurry up and save me!
Well, don’t rush on my account, but do save me!
“Hmm? You look like a devil! I won’t let you escape, the one panting heavily in your chest right now’s my important… Important… Hey Kazuma! What’s my relationship with you? What should I say to look cool?”
Aqua who wanted to cast some spells to stop Sylvia shouted.
It seemed like this girl had stayed here for too long and was influenced by the Crimson Demons, as she refused to cast her spell without saying a cool chunni line.
Just shout ‘important comrade’, that’ll do, so hurry up–! I wanted to shout, but with my head caught between Sylvia’s breasts, I couldn’t say anything.
… Just what was with me recently?
Since that day when Yunyun said she wanted to have my baby, until this night.
Yunyun, orcs, Megumin, and Sylvia.
I’ll classify the orcs as a punishment game, but even so, overall, my luck was pretty good.
This was my popular period after all.
Or was it my only strong point–? Was my high luck stat working brilliantly?
I buried my face into her breasts and let her do whatever she wanted to.
“Hey boy, don’t breathe hot air into me, it’s making me excited. Be a good boy and I’ll give you a reward later.”
My popular period was here!
“But, but I can’t breathe like this…”
It was a joyous feeling for me, but I couldn’t breathe like this.
While I was squirming to change my posture…
“Sacred Exorcism!”
Sylvia lowered her guard because she was facing my way, and Aqua used this opportunity to cast her spell.
A large column of light shot up from beneath me and Sylvia.
And of course, I was caught in it too…!
“? Ahhh!!”
Sylvia screamed loudly.
I was also engulfed by the purification spell, but was unharmed.
In contrast to the unharmed me, Sylvia’s dress was all torn up after she was hit.
“You, you’ve done it now…! Even my leather one-piece dress made from the skin of low-level devils is torn…! But too bad, I’m not a pure devil. It might hurt, but it’s not lethal. Listen up, if you attack again, I’ll kill him!”
The half-naked Sylvia threatened Aqua as she undid my bounds, turned me around and pulled me close. The back of my head was squeezing her breasts.
She had solved my breathing problem compassionately.
“My name is Sylvia! Director of the monster enhancement division, the one who’ll keep modifying my own body! That’s right, I’m a chimera, growth chimera Sylvia! I’ll take this boy with me. My cute boy, become one with me again, Bind!”
… ‘My name is Sylvia’, huh… Seemed like she had been poisoned during her repeated battles with the Crimson Demons.
While Sylvia was announcing her title, she planned to tie me up with Bind once again.
Frankly speaking, I didn’t have any weapons on me and had my back to the enemy. I had no means of fighting back.
And so, I didn’t resist and lifted my hands up cooperatively and allowed her to bind me with ropes.
“Ka-Kazuma! Give Kazuma back…! … Kazuma, you didn’t resist just now, are you doing this on purpose?”
“No.”
With the back of my head deep within Sylvia’s giant breasts, I denied it clearly.
Because Sylvia was tall, I couldn’t reach the ground when my head was on her breasts. After being tied up, I was hanging in the air.
What was with this soft and serene feeling?
It was like finding the home I had been searching so hard for all this while.
Megumin was looking down at me with an ice-cold glare. At this point–
“Ugh…! I was too careless…!”
When I heard this familiar voice, I turned to find Darkness in casual clothes without armor, panting as she ran over.
She was wearing a thin black shirt and tight skirt with a greatsword in her hands.
She probably came here in a panic after Madam woke her.
Darkness, her hair still a mess, stood in front of Aqua and glared at Sylvia.
“Demon King’s general! The people in this household have gone off to get the other Crimson Demons! It’s only a matter of time before reinforcements come. Throw that hopeless man who’s closing his eyes blissfully while putting his head into your breasts away and disappear! If you want a hostage no matter what… Pick me…! I’ll take his place! Please let me be the hostage in place of Kazuma!”
Darkness said suddenly, Sylvia laughed cheerfully after hearing that.
“Ara, hey, you’re quite the ladies’ man! Two lovers? But no, I like him. Hey, you’re Kazuma, right? How about joining the Demon King’s army? I think you and I’ll get along well.”
She caressed my head gently as she said that.
“… Hey, Kazuma has gotten really close to the enemy before I knew it. She’s even patting his head.”
Aqua didn’t know what else to say, and Darkness continued–
“… Hey Kazuma, why are you stuck in a place like that…? Sigh, I really can’t let my guard down. You must’ve been seduced by the breasts of that woman. Can’t be helped, I’ll save you now, so stay still…”
“Don’t bother.”
……
“Huh?”
My instant reply made the four other persons shout out harmoniously.
I laid back as if I was lying on a high-class couch, rubbing my head as much as I pleased against Sylvia’s bountiful breasts.
“I said don’t bother. All of you, especially Darkness, your attitudes toward me recently have been terrible. Sylvia-san here’s treating me very nicely. As you all have been treating me terribly all the time, I was just thinking of switching my allegiance to the Demon King’s army, instead. Apologize, it’s about time for you to apologize for making me clean up after you girls! Megumin thanked me just now too, so apologize!”
I said to Darkness.
Darkness was stunned when I said these willful words, just like something Aqua would say.
“Hey… Hey Kazuma, don’t joke like that. It’s so convincing that it doesn’t feel like a joke at all. Um… It’s true, we were a bit mean to you… Um, I went too far when I was introducing you to Megumin’s family, sorry. Oh right, didn’t you say you wanted a medal? I understand, your accomplishments are exemplary, when we go back to Axel I’ll…”
“Can you act more sincerely?! It’s too late to tempt me with money now, show me your sincerity! Look closely at the situation right now! Sylvia-san’s showing me her bountiful peaks! And what about your strong point? Say it! Say it now!”
I talked over Darkness and said all that in one go.
Darkness was a bit uneasy and squirmed as she said:
“My, my defense…?”
“Wrong! Isn’t your strong point your slutty body that can seduce men? Why are you saying stupid stuff and pretending to be a pure girl?”
“Hey, this man’s beyond saving. He’s talking strangely, let’s leave him to the Demon King’s army.”
“No, we can’t, even so, he’s still useful during crucial moments.”
Megumin and Aqua whispered quietly to each other.
They must be discussing how best to rescue me.
Darkness covered her body shyly and said:
“I-I…! Never, did seduce…!”
She furrowed her brow as she blinked away tears, planning to refute my accusations.
“Yes, you did! Really, your body’s so slutty! Tonight! My luck stat is at the max! This is probably the most popular period of my life! Apologize now! If you don’t want me who’s at the most popular period of my life to leave with Sylvia-san, then apologize! For example, … Let me think…”
I let my arrogance get the best of me and uttered these words, which made Darkness speechless. At this moment, Sylvia put her hands on my head and said.
“Good, good… As expected of the man I set my eyes on! I’ll let you join the Demon King’s army! But don’t bully that Crusader girl too much, all right? You have to treat the delicate hearts of girls with care.”
Darkness glared at Sylvia when she heard that.
“You’re a demon, but you could empathize with the feelings of young girls, huh…? It’s impossible to discern the age of demons from appearance, could your empathy stem from experience of being a thousand-year-old woman?”
After Darkness taunted with a sword raised, Sylvia answered matter-of-factly.
“Ara, of course I understand, be it the heart of young girls or boys.”
Hoho, as expected of a beauty of the demonic race, she understood the hearts of both men and women.
Sylvia continued as she caressed my head.
“After all, half of me is a man.”
She added nonchalantly.
“…… What?”
I couldn’t understand what she just said and turned back to face her.
Some parts of the village were probably on fire, which illuminated the sky behind her back. I noticed something at this moment.
Sylvia’s lower jaw.
Not just her jaw, there was a faint tint of blue around her face…
“Hmm, didn’t I tell you?”
Sylvia answered.
The blue earring on her sharp right ear was sparkling…
“I’m a chimera. These breasts you like so much aren’t natural, but added after the fact.”
She was speaking as if it was nothing important.
My brain was working hard to reject what I just heard.
Doing all it could to not understand that sentence.
After all, that would mean…
I had been getting excited over the breasts of a man all this while, that…
Ah…? Hmm?
“… Ka-Kazuma? Um… You, pull yourself together…! Hey! Snap out of it! It, it’ll be okay, calm… Calm down…”
I heard the soft voice of Megumin and recalled a rumor I heard long ago.
Men who wore their earrings on the right ears were–
“By the way, you really are a nice man… Just caressing your head like that makes my breasts and lower body excited.”
Because of our height difference, my butt was at the height of Sylvia’s nether region.
There…
“Sylvia-san, Sylvia-san, there’s something hard pressed against my butt… that’s my imagination, right?”
In response, Sylvia said that popular Japanese phrase shyly:
“I did that on purpose.”
– My brain froze.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Boring Bone, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Xenthur
“Hey, hey, wake up.”After my body was shaken violently, I woke with a start.It seemed that I had a nightmare; I dreamt that a transvestite was teasing me…
“… Waaahhhh! Stop it, Sylvia, don’t come near me! Or I’ll kill you!!”
“Hey, calm down. Don’t worry, I won’t do anything weird. The Crimson Demons have retreated, so I’ll let you go now. After all, you let me off once before.”
After hearing what she said, I was still a bit worried, but managed to keep my cool.
I realized now that there wasn’t anyone around me.
Looking around, I felt that I had been here before…
“This is the entrance to the underground warehouse of the Crimson Demon village, which is the place they sealed the ‘weapon that might destroy the world’.”
Sylvia said as she took out something like a magic item.
“… What is that?”
“You’re a smart man, you should be able to guess it, right? ‘Barrier Killer’– If I gave you this hint, you should be able to understand.”
Which means…
“Your group kept trying to infiltrate this place to steal that weapon, right?”
“Correct. There’s a powerful magic item placed inside that warehouse. According to rumors, it’s a nemesis of the people in this village.”
Ju-just what was placed inside?
“However, I heard that the seal is unique and no one can open it. Also, no one can understand how to use that weapon.”
“Hmm? No problem, the magic item I have with me is an extremely powerful barrier killer in the demon world. It can even break the seals of the gods… Huh? T-This is odd…”
Sylvia squatted in front of the warehouse with her magic item in hand and said with a baffled voice.
“The magic item isn’t reacting at all! This seal isn’t magical in nature, just what…! What, what should I do…?”
Sylvia held her magic item in hand and was at a loss.
I looked at the seal from the side. On it was a touch screen keyboard complete with alphabet, numbers, and arrows.
I found something very familiar written on the touch screen.
“‘Konami code’…? What does it mean, it wants me to input the Konami code?”
“You, you can read the ancient language?”
Sylvia gasped.
Ancient language? I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Wasn’t that Japanese?
The Konami code was just the Konami code.
It was something from a famous game company–Konami.
“No, this is a language from my country. The Konami code is a cheat code everyone knows, and it’s asking me to enter the code here…”
I realized what I was saying and wanted to cover my mouth mid-way, but was caught by Sylvia’s hand.
“You’re really a man beyond my expectations; to think you can undo the seal neither I nor the Crimson Demons could break…”
“I-I’m also an adventurer, don’t think that I’ll submit to the Demon King’s army so easily. You saw that Archpriest earlier, she can use resurrection, so it’s useless to threaten to take my life…”
“Violence isn’t the only way to pry open the mouth of someone, all right? Hehe, my skills are on par with succubi; I wonder how long you can last in such ecstasy?”
Before Sylvia even finished, I keyed in the Konami code without hesitation.
With a mechanical clang–the heavy doors opened.
“… Really, can you even call yourself a man? Sigh, never mind, time’s short. It’s dark in there, I wonder what’s in front?”
Sylvia looked inside as she searched for something that could serve as a torchlight.
At this moment, her unguarded back was facing me.
… I might not have any weapons with me, but that’s still too careless.
Well, my only means of unarmed attack was Drain Touch anyway.
“Hmm? Did they turn off the lights when they were running away? No choice, although my night vision isn’t too good in total darkness…”
I suddenly realized that I didn’t need to fight in such a situation.
I sneaked to Sylvia’s back.
“Hey, do you have anything that can be used as a light source…?”
From the back–
Pomf.
“Eh?”
– I pushed Sylvia into the dim underground warehouse.
“–? –! ––!!”
Sylvia was screaming something inside.
On the other side of the warehouse door, I could hear banging sounds.
“Kazuma! Are you all right? Where’s Sylvia?”
I turned back and saw Megumin rushing over in a hurry.
Yunyun and Bukkoroli were here too, Megumin probably dragged them along.
“You came too late, I locked Sylvia inside with an elegant counter attack. It seems that the door can’t be opened from the inside. Let’s leave her in there for a couple of weeks, that should tame her a little.”
Megumin was a bit fearful when she heard the soft curses coming from inside.
“You, you trapped her in there? Guess that’s fine, she probably can’t activate the weapon. No one knows how to, after all. Still, to think Sylvia could undo that seal…”
… I won’t mention the fact that the seal was undone by me.
“T-To lock a Demon King’s General inside… Such, such a cruel way of fighting…”
Darkness stared at the door that was being knocked continuously and said sympathetically.
“To capture Sylvia that escaped from our hands so many times, way to go outsider!”
“This gang of people have already taken down three generals of the Demon King’s army. Defeating Sylvia is nothing strange.”
The Crimson Demons congregating over showered me with praise.
“Hey Kazuma, isn’t that the place with the dangerous weapon? Is it really fine trapping that damn transvestite in there?”
The Crimson Demons answered when they heard what Aqua said:
“It’s fine, it’s fine, even we can’t comprehend how to use it; it’s impossible for Sylvia to understand.”
“Yeah, that’s right. If Sylvia can activate the weapon, I’ll walk one round around the village on my hands.”
“All right, let’s go have a drink.”
“… Hey, are they doing that on purpose? Are the Crimson Demons full of people who won’t feel happy unless they get into trouble? Will they feel uneasy if they don’t raise such flags?”
“Do-Don’t say that; I won’t deny that the Crimson Demons like to find trouble, but it’ll be fine this time. See, it’s getting quiet in there, maybe she suffocated?”
Listening carefully, I couldn’t hear the curses anymore.
I had an ominous feeling about this. Would it really be fine?
Even if they say that no one could activate the weapon inside…
“Hmm? … Hey Kazuma, can you feel the ground shaking?”
Darkness stamped her foot and asked.
“Hey, this is bad! I have a bad feeling about this! Let’s get out of here and…!”
“What are you scheming, Kazuma? We managed to take out the Demon King’s general, right? Hey, even though Kazuma did it alone, we’re a team, so we should split the bounty, right? Hehe, what should I buy with Sylvia’s bounty money?”
Seeing Aqua counting her eggs before they hatched, I realized immediately that things were going to be bad.
“You dumbass, why must you always raise a flag? Hey Megumin, Darkness! Let’s retreat! No, we should get the Crimson Demons to send us back to Axel…!”
Before I even finished, the ground suddenly rose and dust spread everywhere.
Under the glow of the moonlight, the one who appeared from the cloud of dust was…
“Ah, hahaha! You’ve got guts, boy! You think I came here just to steal the weapon? My name’s Sylvia! As you can see–”
With her body turned into that of a giant metallic snake…
“I’m a Demon King’s general that can combine with weapons and the like! Growth Chimera Sylvia!”
With a loud laugh, Sylvia flaunted her victory–
“It’s the ‘Mage Killer’! She absorbed the ‘Mage Killer’!”
The Crimson Demons cried out.
Mage Killer?
“Ahhh, oh no Kazuma! Things are a mess! Let’s run away, now, immediately, run!”
Megumin whose face had turned green pulled on my sleeve in a panic, totally different from just now.
However, I still had the Crimson Demon mob behind me.
I had an ace in the hole–
“Hey, that’s the Mage Killer!”
“Abandon the village! It’s hopeless!”
“Teleport!”
Or maybe not.
“Hey Megumin, explain it to me! What’s a Mage Killer? Is it really that scary? Is that the weapon that might destroy the world?”
I looked from the corner of my eyes at the Crimson Demons scattering away as I shook the shoulder of Megumin who wasn’t good at dealing with a crisis.
“The weapon that might destroy the world shouldn’t be like that…! However, the thing Sylvia combined with was equally dangerous, something called a ‘Mage Killer’…!”
Yunyun said with a green face.
“It’s something that’s completely immune to magic, the nemesis of the Crimson Demons. A weapon that specializes in killing mages!”
– This is the end.
To seek refuge, the Crimson Demons all went to the hill of the demon god, the popular spot for couples, and watched the Crimson Demon village ravaged by fire below.
“The village is burning…”
I heard a soft voice. Turning back, I found a girl who was wearing an eye-patch with the same design as Megumin, watching the burning village as she sadly spoke.
Sylvia, who had taken the form of a lamia, breathed out fire, flooding the Crimson Demon village in a sea of flame.
Most of the Crimson Demons could use teleport magic.
There were almost zero casualties, but their residences were up in flames.
My heart ached when I saw this scene.
Is- is this because I undid the seal?
No, I was forced by the circumstances.
Also, I only undid the seal because I heard that no one else knew how to activate it and use the weapon…
“By the way, how did Sylvia break that seal?”
When I heard this question, I shivered.
“Did she use a magic item to break the barrier? But no matter what kind of barrier destruction item it may be, it shouldn’t work on that seal…”
After hearing that, my heart pounded madly as I looked down at the village being razed…
“No matter what it is, we can only abandon this village. It’s frustrating to let the Demon King’s army get its way, but we can always make a comeback if we still have our lives.”
The village chief said in a serious tone.
… What should I do?
This atmosphere was too heavy.
Oh no, is this all because of me?
Because I went and undid that seal?
“Hey Megumin, is there really no way to fight that Mage Killer?”
I asked Megumin beside me bitterly.
“As explained earlier, as the name implies, Mage Killer’s a weapon specializing in exterminating mages. It’s immune to magic. I heard that when the Mage Killer went on a rampage long ago, our ancestors used another weapon that was sealed away to destroy it. After overcoming that crisis, they repaired the Mage Killer as a memento and sealed it again…”
“Why did they repair such a dangerous thing? …No, wait, you said that there’s a weapon that can fight the Mage Killer?”
When using poison, make sure to prepare the antidote.
To prevent a weapon from rampaging, there must be another weapon that can take it out kept near by–this was a common precaution. Thinking about it now, it made sense.
As a safeguard, the ancestors of the Crimson Demons must’ve kept the weapon that can defeat the Mage Killer should it rampage again.
In that case, with that thing–
She probably guessed what I was thinking.
“… Kazuma, unfortunately no one knows how to use the weapon that can fight the Mage Killer. The instruction manual’s left behind, but even the village chief can’t read it…”
Megumin said as she stared at the burning village.
The smart Crimson Demons must’ve already considered this method.
If magic was useless, it would be hopeless.
Compared to the gigantic snake, the original Sylvia seemed so small.
Except Darkness, anyone else would be turned into mush if they got hit.
… Was there no other way?
At this moment.
“Hmph… I’ll be the decoy and lure Sylvia away. With the support of all the Crimson Demons, I won’t die so easily.”
The one saying such foolish words was the muscle brained Crusader from my team.
“What are you saying? Don’t you know we’re totally helpless here? Are you stupid? Even a goblin knows better than to fight a futile battle. Are you dumber than a goblin?”
“You, you really–! We’ll settle this after we go back to Axel! I still remember those horrible words you said to me back then! Also, I’m not doing this without any plans!”
… Plan?
“While I’m aggravating Sylvia, you and Aqua, who have night vision, can use Lurk to sneak into that destroyed underground warehouse and retrieve that whatever weapon.”
“… But no one knows how to use the weapon in question! Weren’t you listening?”
I didn’t know what I should say to her. Darkness rebuked:
“Of course I heard. I understand that. But thinking about it the other way, won’t the problem be solved if we knew how to operate it? Acting would be better than standing idly around. Don’t worry, I don’t know what weapon that might be, but as a noble, I’m rather familiar with magic items. I even fixed my father’s magic camera by knocking it in the past.”
I felt dizzy after hearing the words of the aristocratic lady who was dumber than I imagined.
“… All right, let’s give it a shot.”
What surprised me was that Megumin, the one most likely to protest intensely, agreed.
“I don’t hate a situation where life and death depends on one single move!”
“In fact, I like it! You’re outsiders, but that’s pretty cool!”
Not just that, even the Crimson Demons were standing up.
Seemed that speech moved their hearts.
Normally, I would reject in participating in such a dangerous mission. But the scene of that lonely expression of that eyepatched girl was impressed deeply into my mind. I couldn’t just shake it away.
Damn it, it was just sneaking into the warehouse to retrieve a weapon. If I can redeem my sins by doing so…!
“Hey! The Demon King’s General is still rampaging in the village! Why are we doing something so dangerous like sneaking into the village? I don’t wanna! My specialty’s providing support to everyone from a safe spot!!”
“Stop messing around and come with me! I can’t sift through it all alone!”
I pulled the unwilling Aqua with me and headed toward the underground warehouse in the mysterious facility…!
To lure Sylvia away, the Crimson Demons unleashed all sorts of spells at it from a distance.
Whenever Sylvia came near, the Crimson Demons would pull away. A classic running battle.
However, the magic was ineffective and Sylvia wasn’t hurt at all.
“How long is this futile struggle going to last? I thought the Crimson Demons were smarter than this!”
Sylvia squirmed her glowing metallic body, mocking the Crimson Demons.
Switching from defense to offence, Sylvia looked determined to ravage the land to vent the frustration she had been accumulating all this while.
But the Crimson Demons kept their distance as they taunted Sylvia, so Sylvia couldn’t hurt them. She seemed to be really frustrated.
She probably hasn’t gotten used to her snake shaped body, her movement was sluggish.
The anxious Sylvia glared at a group of Crimson Demons with murderous intent.
She took a deep breath and spit blazing flames at them.
“Teleport!”
The group disappeared moments before they were engulfed by the fire.
Attackers formed teams with teleporters. After one of them finished chanting a teleportation spell, he would stand by at the side and use it during a pinch to save everyone.
The scene of Sylvia’s near miss attack kept on repeating, grinding away Sylvia’s patience. She then targeted one woman.
Even when the others attacked her with magic, Sylvia didn’t change her target, making a beeline for that woman.
Sylvia had changed her tactics to taking out one opponent at a time.
At this moment, a man watching this happening from afar screamed in despair.
He was the leader of the anti-Demon King’s army guerilla unit, Bukkoroli.
“Stop, stop Sylvia! Please! Don’t harm her!”
Sylvia was targeting a woman with a wooden sword. I remember her.
She used a powerful spell together with Bukkoroli to drive away the Demon King’s army that attacked the village…
Was she Bukkoroli’s lover?
Bukkoroli screamed at Sylvia, kneeling on the ground and crying for mercy as he watched Sylvia move closer to that woman.
Sylvia smiled happily when she heard Bukkoroli’s screams.
“You all killed my subordinates too, it’s payback time! Don’t worry, not just that woman, but also you, your family–everyone and this entire village will burn! … Prepare yourself!”
Sylvia, going insane from the torture of the Crimson Demons, was elated that she could finally have her revenge. She ignored Bukkoroli’s pleas and closed in on that woman.
The edge of the wooden sword-woman’s lips raised in a smile, and she shouted at Bukkoroli with an extremely sad expression:
“Run, even if it’s just you… I’ll give everything I have to fight Sylvia, so you must use this chance to run!”
Hey, don’t act like this!
Just how much tragedy would my action cause…?
That woman stared with determined eyes at the advancing Sylvia.
“Sylvia, this is my trump card! Watch carefully! And…”
The woman said as she glanced at Bukkoroli.
“Please, Bukkoroli… Forget about me, you must live a happy life…”
“Soketto! Please Sylvia, stop! Soketto, I’ll never forget you…!”
Hey stop! Damn it, no!!!
“You’re really resolute! Come, let me see your final trump card! No matter what spell it is, I’ll take–”
“Teleport!”
Before Sylvia finished–
Soketto had disappeared.
Bukkoroli, who was showing a pained expression one second ago, got up as if nothing happened, dusted his knees, and looked at Sylvia calmly.
At the climax of the drama, the target suddenly escaped.
Sylvia muttered in solitude.
“I, I absolutely hate the Crimson Demons.”
… I can empathize with you on this.
A Crimson Demon stood before Sylvia.
He had a sad expression…
“Sylvia, it’s so pitiful of you to end up like this… At least let me use my ultimate, ahhh! That burns! It’s rude to interrupt when delivering a cool line, Sylvia!”
He didn’t even finish before Sylvia spewed out fire. The man jumped away in a panic.
“I don’t want to drag this on anymore! If you don’t want to fight, then scram!”
After being repeatedly played by the Crimson Demons, Sylvia was losing her cool.
She was far away from the warehouse; this is a good chance.
I wanted to escape, but it couldn’t be helped as I was the one who caused this.
“All right, let’s go! Hey Darkness, if things look dangerous for the Crimson Demons, I’ll be counting on you! No matter how strong they are, they’re still mages; they can’t escape if they exhaust their mana.”
“I understand, leave it to me!”
Darkness nodded firmly. Beside her, Megumin–
“What, what should I do? I can’t use Teleport, so I can’t even stall for time…”
She said with an uneasy face.
“You’re the trump card during our critical moment. The Mage Killer only has high resistance to magic, right? Advance magic might be ineffective, but no one has tried fighting it with Explosion yet, right? Maybe Explosion will be able to deal some damage to it.”
I used this excuse and lied to Megumin.
To be honest, I didn’t plan on letting her use her spell.
I heard from Yunyun that things would be bad if the villagers knew that Megumin learned Explosion.
Right now, the Crimson Demons were engaging Sylvia…
“Ahahaha, what’s the matter? Come on, use your teleport magic!”
“Damn, the chanting’s not…! Hey, things are getting dire! Sylvia’s movement is becoming more agile!”
… After getting used to that body, Sylvia was no longer being led on by the Crimson Demons, and started to actively attack.
“Kazuma, I’ll guard the entrance into the warehouse, so don’t worry and search inside.”
“You’re still speaking nonsense, come with me!”
I dragged Aqua who was stubborn until the last moment, and used Lurk to advance through the crossfire of spells.
We finally made it to the warehouse and entered through the hole made by Sylvia.
I looked back at Sylvia, who was still chasing the Crimson Demons around.
It was almost dawn; the other side of the hill was gradually getting brighter. However, the warehouse was still pitch dark.
Both Aqua and I could see in the dark, so we jumped in to search for that weapon…
“… Hey, are we going to dig through that big pile over there?”
In the center of the underground warehouse was a mountain of magic items that we had no idea how to use.
The weapon was probably here, but how do we determine which ones were weapons…?
“Hey Kazuma, look, look!”
I was wondering what I should do when Aqua picked something up excitedly and showed it off to me.
This is…
“Isn’t that a Game Girl? What’s such an ancient game console doing in a place like this?”
This portable game console was popular before I was born.
Aqua placed the game console on the ground and started going through the mountain of magic items.
“Since there’s a game console, there must be game cartridges. Hey, if you find Tetris, give it to me, okay? I’ll lend it to Kazuma to play too!”
“Did I say that I was here to find games? What I want are weapons! Where’s that weapon-like thing? … By the way, what’s with this? These are all things from Earth…”
The mountain of magic items were game consoles that were sold on Earth.
It was hard for a gamer like me to ignore, but I had a job to do.
And these things looked really pirated.
As if an amateur forcefully crafted the shape of a game console…
At this moment, Aqua found something in a corner of the room and waved to me.
“Hey Kazuma, I found something.”
Aqua said as she showed me a notebook.
I came to her side and peeked at the contents of the notebook.
It was in the so called ancient language according to the Crimson Demon.
… That’s right, it was written in Japanese.
Aqua started reading out the contents of the notebook–
“– O Month X day. Oh no, the secret of the facility has been discovered, but fortunately, they don’t seem to know what I was making. If they find out that I was using the national research funds to make games, I wonder how they would punish me…”
I see, it all made sense now.
This facility was built by a Japanese who was sent to this world before me.
That’s why the passcode at the entrance was the Konami code.
If so, there might be some clues in this notebook.
“– O Month X Day. A high-ranking guy entered my sanctuary and asked me the purpose of these game consoles. There’s no way I can honestly tell him it’s a toy. Thus, I made a serious face and told him that these are weapons that might destroy the world. My female colleague turned on the power supply of the game console timidly, and was startled by the sound of the console starting up. She always acts so fierce, so why was she so afraid of a game console?”
…?
I have an uneasy feeling about this.
“– O Month X Day. They increased my research budget and asked me to create a weapon to fight the Demon King’s army. Sigh, even if you say that, it’s hard to do it. Didn’t I already create all sorts of things with the cheat powers I got after coming to this world? My contribution to the nation was already tremendous. I won’t be able to take it if you keep pushing me like that. I tried telling them with a serious face, ‘War begets nothing…’, but my female colleague slapped my head and said that I only got this job because the Demon King existed. That’s true, but a weapon to fight against the Demon King… What should I make?”
Really uneasy feeling.
I think I heard this happy go lucky tone somewhere before…
Aqua continued reading.
“– O Month X Day. I want to make a giant robot, something that can transform and combine. After I submitted my proposal, they thought I was making fun of them. I was lectured, but I was serious. Out of spite, I said that we just needed to build a huge weapon with super powerful magic resistance. Unexpectedly, that proposal was approved. What the hell, is that fine? Even if you ask me to draw a design, what should I use as reference…? Oh? There’s a stray dog right there. You then, I’ll name the dog-form weapon ‘Mage Killer’.”
… Dog-form weapon?
“– O Month X Day. After I submitted the design plans, they praised it and said, ‘I see, a snake huh? Much better than something with legs. A great idea.’ Eh, I drew a dog. I know my drawing’s poor, but please look closer, this is a sausage dog… On closer inspection, I really drew a snake!”
……
“– O Month X Day. Experimentation began. Hmm, it’s moving. Although it’s moving, that thing doesn’t have spare batteries. We tried bringing it to attack the demons and found it out of battery in no time. But those fellows were scared out of their wits. Using this chance, I said, ‘This weapon’s still too early for humanity’ and sealed it here. It can’t move since it doesn’t have batteries, but it can be used as material to create chimeras as living weapons. It won’t need batteries that way, and is really cool.”
Ah, I got it.
The owner of this notebook was probably the guy who created that thing.
“– O Month X Day. The new anti-Demon King weapons were created, …well, although I called them that, they were actually modified humans. We tried recruiting volunteers who were willing to undergo modification surgery and we gathered so many that we had to choose the volunteers by drawing lots. Does this bunch really understand what modified humans are? After explaining to them that this surgery was a simple experiment to raise their suitability of being a mage to the limit, the volunteers even made strange requests like, ‘I want a pair of red eyes’, ‘I want a unique call sign’. Is everyone in this nation an idiot?”
Or rather, I’ll find it troubling if there were multiple people who could write such nonsensical notebooks.
“– O Month X Day. The modification surgery’s finished. Those bunch even said something stupid like, ‘Master, please bestow us with a new name’. What Master, just how far are you guys going with this? It was troublesome, so I picked a name at random. They seemed so happy, is their aesthetic sense fine? However, these guys are strong, super strong. The high-ranking people gave me plenty of praises and wanted to give me an important post. From tomorrow onward, I’ll be the director of the research and development laboratory. To be honest, I don’t want the status and would rather have more benefits. Sigh, it’s a rare chance so I’ll give those fellows a clan name. Since their eyes are so red, I’ll call them the ‘Crimson Demons’. My female colleague retorted that the name was too casual and rolled her eyes. Damn that bitch.”
“Hey!”
I couldn’t help shouting. Aqua stopped reading out loud and turned to look at me.
“Ah, sorry, please continue.”
The Crimson Demons were modified humans?
Such a heavy fact was mentioned so suddenly…
“– O Month X Day. The Crimson Demons bunch kept yapping to me about creating a nemesis that could fight against them–a ‘Mage Killer’ weapon. Sigh, didn’t I already tell them that thing can’t move? Also, that wasn’t made to be your nemesis, its batteries are flat… No matter how I explained, they just wouldn’t listen. They’re already so old, and yet they’re still in their rebellious stage. I couldn’t stand them anymore, so I sloppily made a… I was thinking of making it sloppily, but somehow, I created something really powerful. This thing’s probably the real weapon that might destroy the world. Its appearance was just like a railgun, although its operation principle had nothing to do with electromagnetic acceleration. I couldn’t think of a good name, so for convenience sake, I’ll name it ‘railgun (fake)’.”
… It wasn’t heavy after all.
“– O Month X Day. The railgun (fake) was amazing, too amazing. So amazing that it scared me. It was meant to be a light weapon that compresses mana and shoots it out, but after those guys tested one shot with it, the power even surprised me. What the hell, this is scary. That might be so, but it won’t last long. It was crafted from random parts, so it’ll break after a few shots. It would be terrible if someone uses it for evil, so let’s seal it here… By the way, this thing’s rather long, just the right length for a laundry pole… Oh no, this is bad, the high authorities seemed to be encouraged by the success of the Crimson Demon project and want to invest a large amount of money to create a super-sized mobile weapon. You think it’s so easy to build such a thing? Did water get inside your brain? Never mind, it’s not my problem anyway.”
… I was very certain.
The owner of this notebook was–
“The notebook ends here… Hey, I think I’ve seen this handwriting somewhere before.”
It was the scientist who built the Mobile Fortress Destroyer and was turned into a pile of bones inside.
From the contents of the notebook, his next work would be the Mobile Fortress Destroyer.
“By the way, didn’t you read a notebook in the mobile fortress too? Is the handwriting the same as this one?”
Aqua clapped her hands as if she just realized something.
This fellow, did she have some useless skill like handwriting forensics?
… No, hold on a minute.
“Hey, that notebook inside the Destroyer, was it in Japanese too?”
“That’s right.”
“Right your head! Why didn’t you tell me something so important?”
“You didn’t ask!”
Aqua’s words made me hold my head in pain.
“Damn it, so that’s how it is! The one who created this series of messes was another cheater you sent to this world! The Mobile Fortress Destroyer and the Mage Killer were all the work of this moron! Hey you! Don’t keep sending people to this world so irresponsibly! … Ah! Wait!”
I shouted and stopped. Aqua tilted her head puzzledly.
“… Eh, I didn’t notice this before, but– Just how old are you? Were you already a goddess before the mobile fortress was built?”
Pomf– Aqua’s notebook dropped onto the ground.
“… Hey Kazuma, how could you ask a goddess her age? You’ll receive divine retribution, all right? … Let me make this clear, time flows very slowly in the room you and I first met, which means my age’s different from your understanding of age. If you get it, don’t ask this question again. You’ll really receive divine retribution if you do, Satou Kazuma-san.”
Aqua said sternly. I groaned in a soft voice.
“Tch, grandma…”
“What did you say? Are you kidding me, who’s a grandma? Didn’t I tell you that time passes slowly in that place, so change the way you address me! I’ve just lived a bit longer than you, ahhh!”
–As a gamer, I wanted to bring all of these things back with me. However, now wasn’t the time for that.
“Damn it, where’s the railgun? Since it’s long as a laundry pole, I should be able to find it immediately–!”
I searched through the mountain of home appliances for the railgun (fake).
“Hey Kazuma, the time flow in Japan, heaven and this world are all different. For example, one month in Japan’s just an hour in heaven, but is several months in this world. And so, my age… Hey, are you listening?”
Aqua had been explaining since just now.
“That’s not important! We need to find the railgun! Railgun! Help me find it! It’s something as long as a laundry pole…”
… Long as a laundry pole?
Gun?
Wait, didn’t I see something similar somewhere in the village a couple of days ago?
That’s right, it’s at the tailor shop of that guy named Chekera–!
“Hey Aqua! I understand, that weapon’s at…!”
I shouted and turned back.
Ding, ding!
“Ha, this still works, I tried using magic to substitute batteries and it really works. How many game cartridges work with this? I’ll bring as many back as I can…”
I picked up the game console wordlessly and pulled my arm back hard…
“Get lost!”
“Waaahhhh! My Game Girl!”
In the village that was consumed by fire, I ran with all my might.
… I could hear Aqua’s noisy voice in my ears.
“Give it back! Return my Game Girl to me! You can’t find another one in this world! Compensate me! When we go back to Axel, compensate me with all the bounty you have! Judging by its rarity, three hundred million would be a pretty cheap price!”
“Are you done yet? Now’s not the time for this!! And that thing isn’t yours anyway! You’re so much older than me, so why do you keep saying such childish things?”
“You’ve done it now, I already said that goddesses are forever young! I’ll make you regret aggravating the goddess of water! I’ll curse you, your toilet won’t flush and your warm bath water will turn cold!”
As I kept Aqua who was shouting strange curses at bay, we finally reached the entrance to the tailor shop.
In the courtyard, the silver rifle was placed on the laundry rack, glimmering metallically.
I felt a murderous intent against the person who created the mobile fortress, Mage Killer, and this thing.
And what’s such a dangerous thing doing here? At least keep it properly!
And the villagers got guts too, I really want to lecture them for an entire day for using such a dangerous item as a laundry pole.
This thing was longer than three meters.
I wanted to pick it up, but I couldn’t do it alone, so I got Aqua to help me.
There was something heavy at the back of the gun; it was probably some mechanism that absorbed mana.
He came up with the name ‘railgun’ casually, but this thing really felt like some futuristic weapon.
“All right, now to bring this thing to the Crimson Demons… Hmm?”
Something was off and my heart started pounding.
Suddenly, the sound of explosions disappeared.
I surveyed the surrounding bafflingly.
No matter where I was in the village, I should be able to spot Sylvia’s colossal body.
In the distance, Sylvia stood unmoving.
I sneakily carried the railgun to somewhere near Sylvia…
And saw her staring at a spot motionlessly.
Before her gaze was–
“Isn’t that Yunyun? What’s she doing there…?”
Watching closely, I could see Yunyun standing on a boulder and facing Sylvia.
Seeing that she was alone, I understood immediately.
The other Crimson Demons had exhausted their mana.
However, this wasn’t the only reason why the Crimson Demons were staring at her.
“Yunyun…!”
“Yunyun, she…!”
“The daughter of the village chief Yunyun, she…!”
As if they were watching a hero they adored, the Crimson Demons were admiring Yunyun with sparkling eyes.
At this moment, a Crimson Demon said:
“Is the sun rising from the west? That weirdo Yunyun who doesn’t even dare introduce herself is…”
I gulped and watched the situation with Aqua quietly.
Sylvia had a haughty smile as she drew nearer.
She must’ve had enough of the taunts by the Crimson Demons, so why was she taking the bait again?
My doubts were dismissed by Sylvia’s words and the thing Yunyun was showing Sylvia…
“… So, it’s true that your adventurer’s card doesn’t have the teleport spell… Is it a good idea to tell me voluntarily that you can’t use Teleport to escape?”
I didn’t hear the entire conversation, but I could guess the gist of it.
Sylvia must be fed up after being toyed by the Crimson Demons who teleported away just before her attacks could land.
Suddenly, Yunyun offered the information that she couldn’t use teleport magic voluntarily.
And Yunyun was standing on a tall cliff, with nowhere to run.
If she jumped down or dashed toward her companions in the distance, Sylvia could very likely intercept her.
Even if she wanted to attract Sylvia’s attention, there was no need to go that far…
I wanted to shout at Yunyun when I felt my shirt being tugged.
I turned back and found Megumin, who was holding Komekko’s hand, and a depressed Darkness behind me. When did they come over…?
“Kazuma, did you find the weapon? We noticed that Komekko wasn’t at the shelter, so Yunyun volunteered to attract Sylvia’s attention. We used this chance to rescue her from the house…”
Komekko looked sleepy and unsteady on her feet.
Despite the commotion outside, she was still sleeping soundly at home.
This kid will become an amazing person in the future.
“It’s great that all of you are safe. I also found the weapon. By the way, what’s with Darkness? Did something happen?”
“I tried to lure Sylvia away… It was working well at first, but in the end, she said, ‘I can’t be bothered to fight a woman with weak attacks and tough defense’…”
Aqua patted the head of the depressed Darkness gently.
After being found out that she was only good at defense, the other party couldn’t be bothered with her.
But instead of this…
“I understand, it couldn’t be helped. But right now, let’s find a way to rescue Yunyun…”
“No, we’ll only get in the way if we go now! She must’ve planned something! It’s fine, from the way the grass around the boulder was trampled, someone’s already sneaking there to save her, let’s just watch from here!”
Megumin said excitedly, as if she was looking forward to something.
Someone was rescuing her?
But I don’t see anyone.
Under the gaze of everyone in the village, Yunyun raised one leg and balanced herself on the tall and narrow boulder, striking the pose of a crane.
“I’m Yunyun… An Archwizard… User of Advanced Magic…”
At this moment, she glanced at Megumin who was standing beside me.
“The number one mage of the Crimson Demons, and the one who’ll become the village chief!”
“What!?”
Megumin shouted in surprised when she heard Yunyun’s announcement.
Seemed like she was unhappy about Yunyun claiming to be the number one in the Crimson Demons.
With the entire Crimson Demon village was watching her–
“Demon King’s General, Sylvia! As the daughter of the Crimson Demon chieftain…! I’ll show you the taboo spell that’s passed on through the generations of the chieftains!”
With one hand held into the sky, Yunyun chanted.
Those should be the words to invoke lightning type magic.
A flash of blue lightning streaked across the bright morning sky and thunder resounded from behind Yunyun.
Just like the special effects of a superhero making her appearance.
The Crimson Demons all cried passionate tears after seeing Yunyun strike her pose.
Huh?
“… Ugh… Ugh…!”
Sobbing came from my side. Turning my head, I saw that even Megumin was crying.
… Eh?
Before I understood what happened, the Crimson Demons had erupted.
“Yunyun! Yunyun, she! Yunyun, she has finally awakened!”
“The daughter of the village chief, Yunyun, has finally broken out of her cocoon!”
“Too cool! Yunyun’s too cool!”
“Her powers within her have finally awakened!”
“That’s my student! I taught and trained her with so much care!! Well done Yunyun, you’ve used the knowledge I taught you well…!”
It seemed that for the Crimson Demons, her appearance just now was too cool for school.
This way, Yunyun who was always alone will finally become a part of the village.
At the same time, this was the moment a perfectly normal girl had fallen.
She must’ve made that embarrassing speech because of her drive to save others.
However, we need to keep a close eye on her so she won’t try to kill herself after recalling this moment a few days from now.
Yunyun, looking as if she had burned all that she had, faced Sylvia motionlessly.
Yunyun glanced at an empty space beside her.
“What’s the matter? Little girl who can’t use Teleport. Little girl, aren’t you a typical Crimson Demon who merely put up a facade by saying a secret technique, certain kill, and trump cards? If not, why don’t you show me your so called ‘taboo spell’?”
Sylvia taunted Yunyun, but Yunyun remained still.
Sylvia then approached Yunyun slowly.
Even so, Yunyun was still unmoved.
Finally, Sylvia lowered her posture like a spring storing energy, squirming her lower snake-like body like a drawn bow and prepared to launch herself at Yunyun.
Yunyun suddenly leapt off the boulder and ran.
Sylvia, who had enough of being toyed by the Crimson Demons, said with bloodshot eyes:
“I won’t let you escape, I won’t let you escape, I won’t let you escape, I won’t…!”
She chased Yunyun manically and sprung onto the boulder. At this instant, she suddenly stopped her pursuit.
As if she had discovered something in the direction Yunyun was running to…
A man and a woman appeared out of thin air before Yunyun.
It was Bukkoroli and Soketto.
One of them was using refraction spell to hide and sneak here, and dismissed the spell at this point.
And the other had already finished chanting Teleport of course, and was standing by.
Yunyun ran to their side. Sylvia reached out with her arms when she saw that…!
“Hey…! Wait…!”
“Teleport!”
That was too cruel.
As Sylvia trembled with rage, the Crimson Demons gulped nervously.
“… Fufu, hahaha! This is the strongest group of mages? Aren’t you all just bastards who can only make big talk? Everyone who’s involved with you must be third rate!”
It wasn’t clear if she was laughing because of anger or at the absurdity of the matter.
Sylvia trembled as she laughed out loud.
We were keeping some distance from Sylvia and hiding ourselves–
“Hey Aqua, prepare to attack while her guard is down. Compress that clothes destroying spell into this thing. Our mission is just to bring this back, but we might as well go for gold!”
“Hoho, it’s finally time for a professional like me to take the field. No problem, leave the final attack to me!”
We don’t need to greet her at all.
It’s Sylvia’s fault for being so careless.
At this moment, Aqua nodded; her spell was ready.
I used Lurk to conceal my killing intent and aimed with Snipe.
The target was Sylvia who was still laughing loudly.
I feel just like a sniper. I’ll show them my skill I mastered through countless sniping games.
“Sacred Exorcism!”
The moment Aqua cast her spell, it was absorbed by the tail end of the railgun.
“Snipe!”
At the same time, I aimed at Sylvia and squeezed the trigger without hesitation. The compressed magic spell–
– Didn’t fire out.
“Hmm?”
I clicked the trigger several times, but nothing happened.
“Hey, what the hell? Is it broken? Or did I leave the safety on…?”
I shook the railgun in a panic, but it remained still.
“Sacred Exorcism! Sacred Exorcism!”
While I was checking the weapon, Aqua cast several spells; she was probably amused by how her magic was absorbed.
Hmm, it was used as a laundry pole all these years, so it might’ve broken down.
“Here, here, let me try. You can fix machines by doing this!”
Darkness said as she knocked the railgun hard.
Was she really an aristocratic lady who received education as a noble?
“Hey Darkness, knock somewhere higher… Yes, right there. Maybe the mana’s stuck there.”
“By the way, that’s the so-called weapon? It looks like the laundry pole Chekera treats like a family heirloom… Maybe some dirt is stuck inside? Let’s clean it with something like a stick.”
While Darkness kept smacking the railgun, Megumin got up to search for a stick.
“Hey… Hey, hey…!”
Aqua said as she tugged on my sleeve while pointing to the distance.
“What? Try casting your spell again! Maybe the spell just now isn’t compatible with the railgun, try another spell…!”
I said as I looked in the direction she was pointing.
Sylvia was looking this way with bloodshot eyes.
“Ara, ara, what are you all doing there? Hmm, what’s that? You’re holding something interesting!!”
Sylvia in the distance locked on to me as her target!
“Wait a moment boy! Put that thing onto the ground slowly. It looks dangerous, that’s what my intuition as a Demon King’s General is telling me!”
Sylvia squirmed her huge silvery body, ignoring the Crimson Demons who were trying to delay her as she headed straight for me.
It seemed like she is very well aware that the railgun I was holding was dangerous.
What should I do? Can I throw this hot potato to someone else?
“Wait! Really, Kazuma, your stats are so much lower than me, but why are you so fast at running away? Did you learn the ‘Escape’ skill just for this? Don’t leave me behind!”
Aqua was right behind me, carrying Komekko.
Komekko, who was in Aqua’s arms, let Aqua do as she pleased, and was hugging Chomusuke that appeared out of nowhere.
This kid will be an amazing person in the future.
“Stop wasting time and hurry! Quick! Hey, Darkness is falling behind! She’s too heavy!
“Do-don’t say I’m heavy! It’s my armor that’s heavy!”
Darkness, who had geared up when I wasn’t around, couldn’t run fast because of her heavy armor.
Sylvia was gaining on her.
No choice, I had to abandon this heavy and stupid weapon…!
“You can’t escape, Satou Kazuma! And listen up, Crimson Demons! From this day forth, I’ll be your nemesis! No matter which corner of the Earth you run to, I’ll find you all and wipe you out! I’ll crush your village no matter where you build it!”
In the village that was burning in a sea of flame, Sylvia announced loudly.
If I hand the railgun over to her, maybe she would let us off…
“Cowardly Crimson Demons! All of you, and anyone who’s related to you, will live a life of running until the end of your days!”
Despite Sylvia’s taunts, the Crimson Demons didn’t move or react to her speech.
These people were smart.
If possible, I really hope they can use their smarts properly.
“Big sister’s not a coward!”
The shout echoed throughout the village, and was even louder than Sylvia’s mocking.
With Chomusuke tightly in her arms, Komekko was held in Aqua’s arms when she shouted at Sylvia.
I was also curious about Chomusuke who was trembling and had teeth marks on its head, but–
“I can’t pretend I didn’t hear that. This is an affair between the Crimson Demons and the Demon King’s army. If Kazuma hands the weapon over, would you let the three of them go?”
The reckless mage from my team said defiantly.
I really didn’t get whether her boiling point was high or low.
She suddenly stopped herself from running and pointed her staff at Sylvia.
Sylvia also stopped and observed Megumin carefully. Finally, she smiled disdainfully.
“Ara, aren’t you that little girl with a weak sense of presence? Speaking of which, I haven’t seen you using magic yet. What kind of ‘port’ would the spell be?”
When she heard Sylvia’s sarcastic words, Megumin said in a clear voice:
“I have yet to introduce myself. My name’s Megumin. Also, I’m the real number one mage of the Crimson Demons.”
It seemed like she was really concerned about Yunyun claiming to be the ‘number one mage of the Crimson Demons’.
Megumin didn’t make a ‘spectacular’ entrance as usual, but uttered her name calmly.
Sylvia was very surprised by her self-introduction.
“You’re really a unique Crimson Demon… So, you won’t introduce yourself in a weird way? For the Crimson Demons, isn’t acting cool important to you?”
Sylvia appeared to be toying with Megumin. But Megumin didn’t take the bait, not even batting her eyes once.
Suddenly.
“Big sister’s amazing! Her spell’s so powerful she even destroyed an evil god!”
Komekko, who was still in Aqua’s arms, shouted.
Megumin glanced at Komekko and smiled.
“I’ll leave Komekko to you. A newborn calf doesn’t fear the tiger, she’ll make a lot of enemies that way. I’ll destroy that thing with my certain kill spell.”
Megumin said–
“Hey!”
Ignoring me, she removed the eye-patch covering one of her eyes.
Wouldn’t it be bad if the village learned that you know explosion?
Sylvia taunted after hearing what Megumin said.
“Ara, ara, this again, certain kill magic! I’m tired of hearing that!”
I could hear the Crimson Demons whispering to each other.
“What’s wrong with Hyoizaburoi’s daughter? She’s always been boisterous.”
“She needs to build more tension if she wants to use a certain kill spell!”
“The opening speech is too plain, too plain!”
The Crimson Demons didn’t know that Megumin was serious about using this certain kill magic.
I soothed her by saying that she was the trump card for crucial moments, but only did so to stop this short-fused mage from using spells inside the village.
Megumin was motivated, but if she used her spell, the village will find out her secret. Furthermore, it was doubtful whether the spell would really work. Using Explosion so recklessly was a bad idea.
I couldn’t guarantee that I could escape with Megumin who exhausted her mana in tow.
“… Hey Megumin, I have something to tell you.”
“Kazuma, you–”
Before I could attempt to convince her, Megumin cut me off softly.
“I heard from Aqua earlier… Kazuma can read the ancient language in the underground warehouse, right?”
My entire body quivered.
That girl, saying unnecessary things again!
However, her telling me this now meant…
Megumin’s lips rose in a smile.
“… Sorry for making you clean up after I made a mess. This time, I’ll clean up after Kazuma.”
… The Crimson Demons were smart.
I realized once again at this moment.
– Megumin’s eyes glowed vermillion.
Intrigued, Sylvia taunted her:
“Little girl, are you done? You won’t take the initiative anyway, right? When I attack, you’ll teleport away at the right moment, right?”
However, the reckless mage in my team just stood there quietly after hearing these taunts with her staff raised.
Not just Sylvia, all the Crimson Demons were surprised.
… Oh no.
She was serious.
I knew very well the power of Megumin’s explosion.
From the position of the Crimson Demons watching the show, they were just outside the blast range.
But being outside the blast range only means they won’t die from the blast.
Since no one will die from the explosion, she can use her full power without hesitation.
“Hey, you guys! Get away from Sylvia! As far as you can!”
For some reason, the Crimson Demons who heard my roar started cheering–
“As expected of Megumin’s comrade! He’s an outsider, but he knows how to set the atmosphere!”
“He’s pretty good… That anxious face looks like he’s being serious.”
They kept talking about irresponsible things.
“Idiots! She’s really going to use a certain kill spell now! Run away! Run away quickly!”
Not just the Crimson Demons, even Sylvia was laughing.
These, these guys were all thinking that I was kidding…!
I gave up.
I stood together with Darkness and the others by Megumin’s side.
“Megumin, don’t worry, even if Explosion doesn’t work, I’ll stall that snake woman. Just imagining being constricted by that metallic body makes me, ahhh…!
“You’re still so persistent in your fetish even under the threat of death!”
“To protect Komekko, I’ll just stand far away.”
I grabbed Aqua who offered a random reason to let her run away, put the railgun at my feet and drew my katana.
Megumin watched our interactions with a faint smile.
After which, she confidently and calmly chanted her explosion spell.
The Crimson Demons immediately turned silent when they heard this chant.
As expected of professional mages, they already understood–
– That Megumin wasn’t bluffing.
The Crimson Demons started escaping with panic, while Sylvia turned her head and watched, not understanding what was happening.
During the one year we spent together, I listened to Megumin chant this spell every day.
After knowing her for so long, I could roughly gauge when her spell would be ready.
Sylvia finally noticed from the flow of mana in Megumin’s body and the reaction of the Crimson Demons that her ‘certain kill spell’ wasn’t a joke.
Megumin had never acted seriously before, so she seemed scary when she did.
“Certain kill spell? … I, I don’t care if it’s Blast or Detonation, it won’t harm me since I’ve merged with the Mage Killer! Try it if you don’t believe me! It’s futile, time to die…!”
Sylvia shouted as she crossed her arms before her like Ultraman.
Megumin opened her crimson eyes wide and shouted her spell after channeling all her mana into it.
“Explosion—!!”
Overwhelming mana expanded and burst out from Megumin’s staff!
“Huh?”
Realizing what spell Megumin was using, Sylvia’s expression turned to panic. Megumin’s magic flew straight toward Sylvia–
… Midway there, it was sucked into the mana absorbent part of railgun I threw on the ground.
“Huh?”
It happened so suddenly, not just us, even Sylvia and the Crimson Demons all groaned in surprise.
At the same time, Megumin fell like a piece of paper after exhausting her mana.
Sylvia was probably angry from the short instant when she felt afraid–
“Scaring me for nothing, you little brat! Watch me tear you into pieces!”
Sylvia, whose voice turned masculine, charged this way with a scary face!
An angry transvestite is scary! Really scary!
At least keep your feminine tone–!
“Damn it! Because of this junk, the situation became worse!”
“Ka-Kazuma, Sylvia’s charging this way! I’ll leave Megumin who’s exhausted her mana to you! Don’t worry about me, let me enjoy myself for a few hours before rescuing me…”
“Kazuma! As a goddess, protecting a frail life like Komekko is  my obligation, so I’ll make a move first!”
Why is every single one of you so useless?
“Hey, that thing’s beeping.”
Beside me, Komekko who was in Aqua’s arms said suddenly.
I looked–
On the side of the railgun placed on the ground, a ‘FULL’ gauge was blinking.
I remember now that the notebook said this was a machine that compresses mana and fires it out.
It wasn’t broken, it’s just that there wasn’t enough mana for it to activate.
I lifted the railgun in one fell swoop and aimed at the approaching Sylvia…!
“Demon King’s General, Sylvia! Remember my name! Send my regards to the other generals in hell! My name’s Sa–”
Boom!
I wanted to squeeze the trigger after stating my name, but Komekko who was in Aqua’s arms pulled the trigger before I did.
With a powerful recoil, the front of the railgun emitted a bright beam of light.
This bright beam pierced through Sylvia’s tail, which she rose in the nick of time to try to protect herself. Not only that, the beam opened a large hole in Sylvia’s chest.
The beam of light didn’t weaken at all, hitting the hill behind the Crimson Demon village, right at a protruding corner…!
Amidst the blinding light and deafening boom, a corner of the hill disappeared.
The moment I discarded the remnants of the railgun that deformed due to the intense heat, Sylvia crumpled to the ground with a loud bang.
The dying Sylvia collapsed onto the ground vomiting blood, still unable to believe what just happened.
“… Hmm? Could, could it be, that I…?”
After witnessing this scene, we and the Crimson Demons who fled further away stood stiff on the spot.
Komekko who was in Aqua’s arm got onto the ground and struck a pose.
“I’m Komekko! The number one demonic sister of the Crimson Demons! The one who’s stronger than a Demon King’s general!”
She stole my kill!
The Crimson Demons took care of Sylvia’s corpse.
I heard that Sylvia’s body, having merged with the Mage Killer, could be used to craft defensive equipment with high magic resistance.
This must be what ‘blessing in disguise’ meant.
Also–
The Crimson Demon village that was being ravaged destructively until dawn was now…
“What the hell.”
Seeing the village being rebuilt with terrifying speed, I was dumbstruck.
The debris was blown away by a spell, the stones cut from boulders turned into golems, which walked to the construction sites by themselves.
A six-armed demon that was probably summoned by magic was wielding a large construction tool in each hand.
“… Hey Megumin, what’s with this? How is the reconstruction proceeding so fast?”
I asked Megumin.
Once again, I learned how broken the Crimson Demons were.
“What do you mean? I don’t know how long reconstruction takes in other cities, but you shouldn’t compare us to them.”
“… Just tell me, how long does it take to return the village back to the way it was?”
“Three days.”
It would just take three days…?
The village ravaged by the Demon King’s army could be rebuilt in just three days.
“… I saw a girl saying sadly, ‘The village is burning…’ or something like that, and felt really guilty about it.”
“That’s strange. If it’s just a fire, it’ll be simple to rebuild. Everyone in the village should know that… What does she look like?”
Her appearance?
I remember she had the same eye-patch as Megumin…
“… That’s her.”
I pointed at the eye-patch girl who just happened to be strolling before us.
“What? You’ve some business with me, outsider? Hey, Megumin, I was just looking for you.”
“Hey Arue, long time no see.”
Seemed like they were acquainted.
Eh, Arue?
“Megumin, could you look at this, I just finished the ‘Legend of the Crimson Demon Hero’ chapter two. The scene about the burning of the Crimson Demon village is really descriptive; I’m really confident about it.”
The scene about the burning of the Crimson Demon village…
Arue…?
Wasn’t Arue that…?
That weirdo who sent that letter out of nowhere?
“Hoho, let me read your masterpiece…”
The one who forced me to come to this village?
“So, it’s you, ahhh!!”
“Ahhh?”
I grabbed the stack of paper from Megumin and tore them in half.
“Ahhh… My, my masterpiece…!! The crystallization of my efforts after staying up all week…!!”
“This is the first time I’ve seen Arue who’s usually cool and collected acting like this.”
Arue hugged the torn pieces of papers and collapsed onto the ground. Megumin patted her shoulder.
“It’s your fault…! All because of you! Do you know how much I was looking forward to it and how happy I was? Do you know how depressed I became? Stop toying with a man’s heart!”
“Me-Megumin, what’s with this rude man? Doing something so mean to someone he just met! I’m really scared!”
“You created a series of misunderstandings that almost scared me to death! You even said something like, ‘The village is burning…’! And what was with your new work? While we were risking death in battle outside, you were snuggling at home and writing that? Do you know how much trouble I went through because of the doodling you mailed to Yunyun?”
“Doodling?”
“Hey, both of you calm down, this is the first time you’ve met, so why are you two so…? Hey! … You two! If you keep on fighting, I’ll use my super high stats to make you taste some suffering!”
After witnessing the abnormal reconstruction speed of the Crimson Demon village, we spent our last night here.
“– Kazuma, what’s with you? You were in a good mood when all of us were having dinner, but your face looks bad after going out for a while.”
Megumin didn’t know why I was sulking and asked.
“What’s with me? Your ‘mixed hot spring’ is that ‘what’! Is that naming a joke? It’s not mixed gender and it’s not a hot spring, so why use such a name?”
After understanding why I was angry–
“Oh, so that’s where you went. That’s one of the attractions in this village, a place all visitors should visit.”
“This village is too much! I can’t even take a bath without being toyed with! Really, this is the worst vacation!”
Sylvia was defeated and her minions wiped out.
The reconstruction of the village was also progressing smoothly, and the entire incident had concluded.
“I’m very satisfied with this vacation though.”
Megumin, who was sleeping beside me, said.
I wanted to have a good rest on the last night in the Crimson Demon village, but I never thought I’d be forced to sleep with Megumin again.
Rather than being put to sleep by a slumber spell and pushed by Madam, Megumin opted to sleep with me willingly.
Since she adopted such an attitude from the very start, I lost the drive to even sexually harass her.
Darkness objected as usual, and was put to sleep just like Hyoizaburo.
Right now, I was sharing a bedding with Megumin.
“… Really, I was targeted by orcs, then by Sylvia these past few days–people I’d rather not have anything to do with.”
“What a coincidence, me too.”
“I, I’m really sorry…”
Thinking back on my actions these past few days, I averted my eyes guiltily.
Megumin’s mischievous laugh came from the side.
“If Kazuma feels guilty about it, then… Right, tell me something fun. I want to hear about stories from the country Kazuma lived in.”
Megumin said as she looked my way–
“– And so, I reacted on the spot and asked the girl next door to use the money to buy chocolate and send it to me by today. I even promised that she could keep the change. In the end, the plan proceeded smoothly, so my younger brother only got a chocolate from my mother, but I had my mother’s as well as the one bought by that girl. At this moment, the long competition between my brother and I concluded, and I defended my pride as the elder brother.”
Megumin, who was listening to me seriously all this while, said:
“So, you hired a helper to win the battle. I’m relieved that Kazuma was like this in the past too… But that’s such a strange custom, is it really that bad to not receive any chocolate on that day?”
Megumin asked about that annoying day curiously.
“Bad isn’t even close to describing it. If I can go back in time, I’ll kill the guy who invented such a damnable culture. That’s how pitiful any man who doesn’t receive any chocolate is. And overcoming that wasn’t the end. We have to return the favor to the girls.”
“… Return the favor? What’s that?”
I explained this evil practice to her.
“If you receive chocolates from a girl, you’ll have to give something three times as expensive to the girl one month later as thanks. That’s how evil it was. If you don’t, you would be completely shunned by the girls. You’ll be mocked if you don’t get chocolate, and even if you do, you’ll still need to break the bank. This day is that sinful and dirty.”
After listening to me, Megumin tilted her head curiously.
“Why didn’t you receive any chocolate? You might lack some basic manners as a person, but from my observation after spending so much time with you, you still have some good points too. For example, you’re very, very… Gentle…? No. Down to earth…? Wrong too… Hmm? … Hmm? Have your life in order? But you were in debt… Eh, how should I put this…?”
“Put this my ass! Work harder in stating my good points!”
Come on, I have plenty of good points, right?
“… Eh, you’re not very honest about it, but you’re always concerned about your comrades…? I don’t hate this part about Kazuma.”
Concerned about comrades?
That’s the catchphrase of girls, the classic line to indicate there aren’t romantic feelings for someone, the same thing as ‘you’re a good person’.
I didn’t really care about these, so I didn’t feel resentful.
Because of my encounter with the orcs and Sylvia, I’m so vulnerable that I’ll harbor positive feelings for any woman with normal looks.
And so, I wasn’t dissatisfied by such praises that didn’t sound like praises at all!
“If I go to the country Kazuma lived in… When it’s Valentine’s, I’ll give you chocolates. You can show it off to your brother then.”
This girl was cruel too, saying such things so nonchalantly.
“Didn’t you hear what I said? That whatever-tines is a day when you give chocolates to someone you like. If you give chocolate recklessly just because you’re a bit close to a boy, that boy will immediately misunderstand and end up miserable. Don’t do that. If you do something like that in my country, you’ll be labeled an easy woman.”
After hearing my reply–
“But, I do like you.”
She said nonchalantly.
“What did you just say? Please repeat it exactly again.”
My ears didn’t have weird problems that filter out such key phrases.
Megumin poked her head out of the blanket and giggled mischievously.
“I don’t dislike you.”
“Hey, that’s different from what you said just now, you think my memory’s that poor?”
Megumin laughed again.
She then said in a calm tone.
“Kazuma, if…”
“What? What is it? I’m all prepared and ready to go!”
Was she influenced by the atmosphere and willing to go with the mood and confess?
Is that it?
Sylvia was defeated. No one will get in our way tonight.
Megumin resolved herself–
“Kazuma, if it was possible…”
What was it?
Say it!
Say it now!
As I waited full of expectations, Megumin asked quietly:
“– Do you want an excellent mage?”
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Boring Bone, Cannongerbil, Veritaum, Xenthur
– The next morning.
Megumin and I were strolling around the village of the Crimson Demons.
We met Yunyun on the way, so all three of us strolled around together.
I thought Yunyun would be staying here a while, but it seems that she’ll be returning to Axel immediately.
However, it was understandable why she was so eager to return.
After the battle with Sylvia, the village of the Crimson Demons changed.
“Ah! It’s ‘the one with azure lightning on her back’, Yunyun! Long time no see! I’m going for breakfast, want to join me?”
A girl about Yunyun’s age said to her.
Yunyun blushed and shook her head.
The girl who chatted up Yunyun wasn’t unhappy about Yunyun’s reaction, and said, ‘Is that so, such a pity’ and left with a smile and a wave.
“… How popular, ‘the one with azure lightning on her back’. It’s just a meal, so why don’t you just join her?”
“Don’t say it! Stop using that name! Wh-why did I do something so stupid…?”
Megumin’s words drove Yunyun to the verge of tears as she covered her red face with both hands.
After the battle, everyone’s attitude toward Yunyun changed.
They always treated her as the strangest person in the Crimson Demon village, and thought of her as a girl with weird tastes. Suddenly, she became the most popular person in the village.
A guy passing by said to Yunyun:
“Oh, it’s ‘crackling thunder’ Yunyun! I’m just going to eat…”
“Not going! I’m not going!!”
After Yunyun who was about to cry rejected him, the guy didn’t really mind, said ‘it’s a pity’ and left with a wave.
This could be considered a new type of bullying.
“… How popular, ‘crackling thunder’. Just let him treat you to breakfast.”
“No! Please don’t say it! Don’t give me weird nicknames!”
Yunyun shook her head while covering her face.
Megumin suddenly used the tip of her staff to poke Yunyun’s cheek.
“What are you saying, number one mage of the Crimson Demons? You ignored me and used that name, and now you say you don’t want one, how selfish! Come, show me that cool pose again!”
“Do-don’t say it! Megumin’s still bothered by that? I only borrowed it for a while!”
Yunyun rebuked Megumin who was poking her face with a staff.
I couldn’t help chipping in:
“The two of you are so close.”
When she heard that, Megumin just threw a glance at me–
Then she swung her staff around unhappily.
“Let’s go! The teleporter already registered the destination to Axel! We need to hurry up and get ready for the teleport!”
“Ah, wait for me Megumin!”
I smiled as I watched Yunyun chase Megumin in a panic and walked slowly behind them.
… This time, two girls about Megumin’s age appeared before us.
“Ah, Funifura, Dodonko.”
They were acquaintances, huh?
The two of them pointed at Megumin.
“It’s been a while, Yunyun and useless mage! How’ve you been?”
“Ahahaha! The number one genius of the Crimson Demons became the number one useless mage! You’re now the talk of the village!”
Megumin, who was being teased, wordlessly pounced on the two of them.
“Hey, your greetings are really special for meeting a classmate you haven’t met for so long!”
“It-it’s just a joke! Sorry, I’m sorry! It’s been so long, so why are you still so aggressive?”
“Stop, what’s with the strength of your grip? What level are you now, it hurts! Violence is prohibited!”
The two of them lifted the white flag in no time after Megumin’s attack.
… I don’t know what their relationship with Megumin was, but they were bad at handling her.
One of the girls then said to Yunyun:
“… Um, you were very cool yesterday. Up until now, I’ve always thought of you as a weirdo… Many things happened too.”
She averted her eyes in embarrassment after finishing.
“Yeah, I’ve changed my opinion of you too! Yunyun’s so cool!”
The other person said…
“No.”
“Please don’t say anymore.”
Yunyun covered her flushed face on the verge of tears.
“The two of you are a bit off in some ways, so we were worried about you.”
“That’s right, Megumin acts childishly sometimes and Yunyun looks like she’d be an easy target of bad boys. But we’re relieved that the two of you are doing well.”
I felt a sense of warmth in my heart after seeing their smiles.
This was great. Even if Yunyun got left alone in Axel, her friends would be here for her.
At this moment, Yunyun smiled and said to me:
“Kazuma-san, allow me to introduce them. This is Funifura and Dodonko. During my school days, they were my… fr-friends!”
After Yunyun happily made the introduction with a little bit of boastfulness, I bowed toward the two girls once again.
The two who were named as Yunyun friends shyly returned the bow.
“How do you do? My name’s Satou Kazuma. I’m one of Yunyun’s friends and I’ve been in her care. Please take care of me too.”
“Ple-please take care of me too!”
Come to think of it, there were plenty of beautiful girls in the Crimson Demon village.
And that made me a little nervous.
However, maybe it was just my imagination, but the two of them seemed a little tense as well.
Megumin, who was watching our conversation, suddenly threw a bomb.
“Hey, I understand you two don’t have a lot of chances to meet guys, but please don’t flirt with my man.”
“?”
When they heard that, all three of the other girls were shocked.
“He-hey, what did you say…? So, you were serious when you said you liked me last night?”
“!!”
This shocked the three of them even more.
Dodonko and Funifura were at a loss and asked in a fluster–
“Ma-Ma-Man? That Megumin who didn’t care about anything other than magic has a man? Is this a lie? It is right? You like him as a boyfriend?”
“That-That-That’s right, it must be. Megumin who isn’t concerned about such things suddenly having a man is impossible, huh?”
The two of them said.
What.
What is this?
Yunyun asked in a panic:
“Ka-Kazuma-san? Is this true? Me-Megumin made such a confession…”
She asked softly.
I asked Megumin with eye contact, ‘would it be fine to tell the truth?’
“Don’t think too much about this–Kazuma already met my parents and gifted them with snacks. We’ve even bathed together before and had been sharing the same bed and blanket with our bodies rubbing against each other. That’s how simple our relationship is.”
“!!”
The pale Funifura and Dodonko took a few unsteady steps back.
Megumin wasn’t lying though.
The corner of her lips rose in a smirk as if she was showing off.
“… Pfft.”
“!!”
She chuckled.
“… Wah, wahhh! So-so what if you have a man, ahhh!”
“I-I’m not envious! I’m not envious at all, ahhh!”
The two of them uttered such lines before running off.
Next, Megumin said to Yunyun, who was blushing and at a loss.
“Yunyun, there’s a place I want to go with Kazuma. Sorry, but can you go ahead and ask the teleporter to get ready?”
“Huh? That, that’s… Um, I can do that…! So, you two are really…?”
Yunyun timidly looked at Megumin and me.
Megumin, she–
Used a high school girl like tone that she normally never used and said:
“Even if one of us found a boyfriend, we’ll still be friends forever!”
“Wah, wahhh! You normally won’t say I’m a friend! I don’t feel like I lost to Megumin at all!!”
Following behind Funifura and Dodonko, Yunyun ran away too.
– Megumin brought me outside the village.
We entered the forest and came to a deserted place.
Only the chirping of the insects could be heard.
At this moment, Megumin turned her head and looked at me.
… Hmm, what was this situation?
Eh, what?
A confession?
No, she already did.
… Did she?
No, was that really a confession yesterday?
No, no, she said just now that I was her man too!
However, she probably just wanted to show off before her friends…!
Don’t be careless, Satou Kazuma, if I say, ‘I like you too, please go out together with me!’, her answer will be ‘I don’t mean that kind of like’ or something like that.
In the end, do I really like Megumin?
No, I’ll fall easily when a member of the opposite sex treats me gently.
I didn’t expect to be such an easy guy to score with!
Such thoughts flashed across my mind and made me uneasy.
Megumin stared at me and said:
“Kazuma… I asked you yesterday, and I’ll ask you again. You want an excellent mage, right?”
…What was this?
She asked me the same thing last night too, what was the meaning of this?
I gave the same answer as before.
“If you asked if I want one, then the answer is yes, of course.”
I answered matter-of-factly.
Was Megumin satisfied with this answer?
“Is that so… Hmm, I made up my mind.”
She suddenly smiled.
… It was foul play to attack a virgin boy who has never dated before with such a smile.
In a quiet place with no one around, saying ‘I made up my mind’, and asking ‘Do you want an excellent mage?’; wouldn’t that make my heart skip a beat?
“I plan to start learning advanced magic.”
Megumin’s thinking was too extreme, she was asking too much of a virgin… What did she say?
“… Hey, what did you say?”
My voice turned shrill.
When I told her that I would cut her meals from three to two if she wanted to cast Explosion, she would choose to cast the spell without hesitation. What did such an explosion maniac say?
Megumin took out her adventurer’s card.
And showed it to me.
“I’ve been feeling troubled, even before Yunyun said I was a useless mage. Maybe I wouldn’t have considered such things if I never met you, Aqua, and Darkness, and kept on raising my Explosion level. It’s evident from meeting Funifura and Dodonko that everyone in the village of the Crimson Demons must be utterly disappointed in me… I won’t be a burden for you anymore. I’ll be of help to you and everyone… So, that’s why, from this day forth, I’ll seal my explosion magic.”
After finishing, she smiled at me again.
Wrong.
Wrong, wrong.
“Hey, wait a minute. While it’ll be a big help if you can use advanced magic, there’s no need to seal away your explosion magic. We won’t be doing quests every day, so you can cast your explosion spell every day if you’re free. Also, instead of using it every day, it can be a trump card during crucial moments…! And didn’t you tell Yunyun earlier that you put all your skill points into increasing the power of Explosion and raising the chanting speed?”
Megumin broke out in a laugh after hearing what I said.
“You remember it well. To learn this skill at any moment, I had been saving up my precious skill points… After chanting Explosion and exhausting my mana, I won’t be able to use other spells for the day. On the other hand, if I use advanced magic, I won’t be able to use Explosion which requires all my mana. When I learn advanced magic, I need to keep on casting it to increase my proficiency, and I would need to keep on practicing it.”
Megumin stared at the adventurer’s card in her hand.
… I suddenly remembered.
When I left Axel, Vanir said to me:
“At the destination of thy journey, there’ll be a time when thy comrade shares their doubts and approaches thee for advice. That comrade will change her path according to thy words. Thou should consider it carefully and give an advice thy won’t regret.”
I see, so he was referring to this.
Damn it, that cheating devil, he already foresaw this far?
After I go back, I’ll rub holy water on the door handles of that shop.
But I could only imagine a future where Wiz scalded her hands badly.
As if she was holding a treasure chest full of precious memories, Megumin stared longingly at the card.
She then closed her eyes quietly.
Took a deep breath, and opened them again.
She then turned her backs toward me and offered her card as if she were enduring something.
Megumin’s shoulders were trembling slightly.
“Sorry, Kazuma. Can I ask you to do something mean?”
“… You can’t press the button to learn advanced magic yourself, so you want me to help you press it, right?”
Megumin nodded her head.
What an idiot…
“How about thinking over it again? We already got a huge sum of money in the bank, right? We don’t need to do dangerous quests anymore. We can live a carefree life in that mansion, you can wipe out some small fries with Explosion every now and then, and all of us can live happily ever after.”
Megumin blurt out a laugh.
“When I said I didn’t plan to learn intermediate magic last time, Kazuma kept nagging me about it.”
Her shoulders were quivering as if she heard some joke, but still pushed the card in front of me insistently.
I took the card silently.
“… You won’t regret this?”
I said to Megumin’s back.
“I won’t. I don’t want to be a burden anymore. If I’m a normal Crimson Demon, Kazuma won’t be chased by orcs and be forced into tears… Sylvia wouldn’t have been able to kidnap Kazuma, either… I’m the number one mage of the Crimson Demons, the one who wields the power of advanced magic! … I’ll say that from now on. I have more mana than Yunyun, so if I can use advanced magic, I’ll be the strongest mage of the Crimson Demons. I won’t let Yunyun take my number one spot.”
Megumin said determinedly.
With a forced smile on her face.
…What an idiot.
She liked Explosion so much, and gave her everything to explosion magic.
I operated Megumin’s card in silence.
But to think it was possible to use another person’s card.
If only I knew that earlier.
For example, when I first met with them, I would’ve stolen Darkness and Megumin’s cards, and allocated the skill points on their cards against their wills.
After I was done, I handed the card over to Megumin.
Without taking another look at the card, she casually took the card and stuffed it into her chest.
She then turned around.
“It’s about time to go back to the others! Together with Aqua and Darkness, let’s go back to Axel. Oh right, the bounty for Sylvia’s really high, right?”
“Hmm, is that so? Let’s go back and have a party then.”
When Megumin was about to return to the village of the Crimson Demons, I stopped her.
“Oh, that’s right. Megumin, try casting an explosion spell.”
I asked her suddenly.
When Megumin heard me say that…
“… You’re really… I just steeled myself, and not five minutes later, you want me to cast Explosion? Just what are you thinking?”
She didn’t know what else to say.
“From where I was from, there’s a saying ‘I’ll work hard tomorrow.’ Also, I’ve yet to see a one-hundred-point Explosion from you. The Explosion that defeated Sylvia borrowed the power of the weapon too. Are you fine with your final Explosion being so lackluster?”
“… You really don’t hold back, do you? All right, this will be my final Explosion spell. I’ll show you a powerful shot!”
After finishing, Megumin aimed at a boulder some distance from us with exaggerated movement.
“… Wait, Me-Megumin. Hold on. Don’t aim so close, set your target further away. You’ll be giving it your all for this ultimate blow, right? Then aim at that boulder over there.”
I pointed at a giant boulder beyond the forest, situated right in the middle of a plain.
Megumin tilted her head when she heard my sudden request.
“I don’t mind, but that’s barely within my range … Well then, let me show you my full power final Explosion!”
The elation on her face right now came from the bottom of her heart, not that fake smile she was forcing earlier.
The giggly Megumin was enjoying herself as she began chanting her explosion spell…!
“Explosion–!!”
On the tip of her raised staff, an intense light was shining; the beam shot straight at the boulder.
Without question, it was the best Explosion I’ve seen so far.
Along with the deafening roar, a wind blast that was bigger than I imagined blew toward me.
If she had unleashed this on Sylvia, she might’ve just defeated her without relying on that weapon. That was how powerful it was.
After witnessing the power of the spell, Megumin was shocked and took out her card in a hurry.
After checking the content, she stared intensely at me, unable to suppress the joy in her heart as she showed a complicated expression that was a combination of resignation and happiness.
A moment later, she flicked her cape and had a smile freed of doubts as she introduced herself.
“I’m Megumin! The number one mage in Axel, an Archwizard that uses Explosion, and the one who’ll reach the peak of Explosion Magic!”
The usual Megumin was before me.
I went against Megumin’s will and put all her skill points into increasing the power of her Explosion.
She asked if I would want an excellent mage.
But there wasn’t any mage more excellent than our Megumin.
After all, she just needed one explosion spell to make a fool of the Demon King’s Generals and defeat them.
If there were any mages that had better results than her, I’d like to meet them.
And what I wanted the most wasn’t an excellent mage, but…
The arrogant Megumin puffed her petite chest out and asked:
“How many points was that Explosion?”
And of course, it’s…
“One hundred and twenty points.”
Megumin smiled brilliantly when she heard those words–
“My own home’s the best after all! I don’t want to go on any more trips for now! Something’s wrong if a hikikomori like me keeps traveling around!”
Once I returned to my home that I had been away from for so long, I felt at ease from the comfort of this place.
I had been running about recently, but it was strange for a hikikomori like me to be so earnest.
I’ll be getting a huge sum of money from the business deal with Vanir soon anyway.
I probably won’t need to travel any time soon.
No, I might as well stay inside the mansion all day for a while.
Luckily, the Crimson Demons were fine with us taking the entire bounty for defeating Sylvia.
And so, I suddenly got a large amount of cash.
I decided. I won’t find any more trouble.
Even if someone came crying to me, I’ll still chase them away.
“Really Kazuma, showing your bum nature immediately. But for some reason, seeing you like this makes me feel at ease. It’s like I don’t need to work hard anymore.”
“Aqua, you’re just relieved after seeing your own kind! Don’t be depraved and learn that guy, he’s a negative example!”
Darkness said something rude after listening to Aqua.
“Don’t say that. In the end, Kazuma performed quite admirably this time. He deciphered the ancient language and found out how to use the weapon. He even defeated Sylvia.”
Strangely enough, Megumin was speaking up for me.
“We only defeated Sylvia because of Megumin’s power. I merely directed it.”
“No, no, if not for the weapon that converts magic into pure destructive power, I wouldn’t be of much use. This is all thanks to Kazuma who brought the weapon there.”
Megumin and I pushed the credit to each other.
“… Hey Aqua, what’s with the two of them? I think something’s different about them after the trip… Co-could it be, when they were sleeping in the same bed, they…?”
“Hey, don’t talk nonsense, I didn’t do anything wrong! Hey Megumin, we didn’t… Hey, deny it properly! They’ll become suspicious!”
Even though Darkness gave us suspicious looks, Megumin still didn’t deny anything, and started walking toward Aqua.
Seemed like she was very concerned about the thing in Aqua’s hand.
By the way, Aqua would normally be the first to say something, so it was a rare sight for her to be quiet.
What had she been doing on the sofa…?
Ding, ding.
……
“When did you bring the game console back? Hey, let me play too, this item is most suited for a gamer like me!”
“If you want to borrow it, you need to pay the price! Specifically speaking, clean the bathroom for me tomorrow!”
As I was fighting for the Game Girl Aqua brought back.
There was a knock on the door, and the voice of a man came from behind it.
“Excuse me, is anybody there?”
Aqua and I looked at each other and nodded at the same time…
We snuck to the door.
“Is someone there… Oh, greetings sir. Are you the owner of this mansion…? What, what are you doing sir! Stop…!”
“I don’t know where you came from, but it’s probably some troublesome problems! Go back, you harbinger!”
“Kazuma, use Drain Touch! Suck his life force and knock him out! Then throw him outside and pretend he never came here!!”
“What are the both of you doing suddenly? Hey Kazuma! Stop it!”
“I can empathize with you on why you don’t want to get involved with any trouble, but you can’t assault someone you just met!”
Darkness and Megumin subdued me after I pounced on the guest, and my hands were bound.
The visitor was a man dressed like a butler, about fifty years of age.
He panted hard as he watched Aqua and me cautiously.
After Darkness got a good look of that butler-dressed man, she suddenly said loudly:
“What, aren’t you Hagen? Didn’t I tell you to not come to this mansion unless there’s an emergency? I’m not worried about you giving me trouble, rather, like just now– I was afraid that you’ll suffer inhumane treatment…”
Seemed like this butler was an employee of the Dustiness house.
And what do you mean ‘they would suffer inhumane treatment if they visit’?
… Although he did suffer inhumane treatment.
That butler coughed dryly and regained his composure.
“Young lady, naturally, I’m here for a matter of grave importance. Actually…”
Enough, I don’t want to be involved in more troubles!
I covered my ears to ignore the butler’s words, but Darkness grabbed my wrist and pulled them away from my ears, forcing me to listen together with her.
“No, don’t wanna! This has nothing to do with me, so don’t make me listen, don’t involve me! I don’t want to go anywhere or go near danger! I want to safely stay at home!”
“I’m concerned about the hygiene of the toilet after the trip, I’ll go clean it!”
Darkness grabbed me who was resisting intensely, captured Aqua who was attempting to slip away and asked the butler.
“What’s the matter? Did something happen at home?”
In response to Darkness’s question–
“It’s really terrible young lady! If this goes on, your only good point will disappear!”
The butler said something we couldn’t ignore.
“Hey, wait, what happened to Darkness’s only good point? Is it sagging? Is her slutty body going to sag? I’ve always found it strange, her body’s way too sexy! She must’ve used her money and authority to get magic items that make her boobs big!”
“What are you talking about? My strong point would be defense… That’s not it! Hagen, you’re too mean, I should have more strong points…! Say it Megumin, Aqua, I should have other strong points too, right?”
Darkness was on the verge of tears.
“Instead of that, does the breast enlargement magic item exist? If there is, please…”
“Kazuma and the old man are too mean! Our Darkness has many good points! She’s soft hearted and agrees to anything if you plead to her in tears. She believes everything that you teach her, so it doesn’t get boring-ow ow ow! Stop it Darkness, my head’s going to explode! I’m praising you, so what are you doing?”
Darkness grabbed the temples of Aqua, making her scream. The butler said:
“That’s wrong! If this goes on, the old master might be stripped of his nobility and the young lady will become a peasant! The unworldly young lady will only be able to make a living by selling her slutty body– Young lady! Please don’t do that to my old bones, I’ll die!”
While Darkness was strangling the butler in tears, a letter dropped to her feet.
“…? What’s this?”
“It’s a letter from the royal palace. Young lady, after you read it, you’ll understand the crisis impending on House Dustiness. And this is related to Satou-san over there…”
The butler glanced at me.
Stop, don’t drag me into this!
After opening the letter, Darkness’s face became more and more pale before finally kneeling onto the ground.
The content seemed serious.
“… What’s it about?”
I asked timidly and Darkness snapped back to her senses.
“No-no-nothing at all! This has nothing to do with Kazuma-sama! Please don’t mind it!”
Darkness suddenly used weird honorifics in her words, making me feel that something was off. And so, I reached my hand out.
“Show me the letter.”
“No, I refuse. No, I apologize for dragging you in every time. Hey, that’s what you said, right? You don’t want to be involved in troublesome matters anymore! And so, this matter–”
“Steal!”
“Ah!”
After I stole the letter, I read it quickly, with Aqua and Megumin peeking from behind. It read…
‘To the one who defeated many of the Demon King’s generals, a great adventurer who made exemplary contributions to the nation, Satou Kazuma-dono. I’ve heard about your marvelous accomplishments, and hope to meet with you face to face. May I enjoy a meal together with you?’
At the end of the letter was the emblem of the kingdom and the name of the author.
The name was Iris.
Even though I was unfamiliar with this world, I still knew that she was the first princess of this country.
A royal princess.
“Kazuma, let’s reject this invitation! If anything happens to first princess Iris, we’ll lose our heads! It’ll be a big problem if one of us did anything rude! You know nothing about ceremony and etiquette, right? You hate such restrictive events, right? Am I right? Let’s reject it! Yes, that’s right, the Dustiness house will book a good restaurant and we’ll only invite close friends to hold a party that commemorates your achievements! So…!”
I exchanged looks with Aqua and Megumin, and we all nodded our heads together.
“Our time has finally come!”
Darkness shook her head with tears in her eyes, grabbing onto my waist and refusing to let go.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
Darkness: Don’t do anything rude, all right? Depending on your words, your head might really be sent flying.
Aqua: I’ll liven things up with my special party trick. One that will not bring shame to Darkness!
Megumin: I shall give the princess a surprise with the extravagant style of the Crimson Demons too,
Claire: Lowly plebeian, don’t leer at royalty with such lewd eyes. More importantly, Hurry up with your greetings and tell me about your adventures
Iris: Onii-sama is, um, my playmate…
This is the first time I’ve met someone like you.
Iris: Chivalrous thief… I think I admire them a little.
Eris: Won’t you please help collect the divine relic?
Chris: Want to go to Her Highness’s side and play?
That day.
After waking up, I didn’t plan to get down from my soft bed, so I clapped my hands instead.
This was to summon the butler before the door.
The one who appeared was an elderly man with white hair, wearing the attire of a butler.
“What can I do for you, Kazuma-dono.”
I said to the elderly man, bowing deeply at me:
“May I trouble you to prepare some coffee to freshen me up, Sebastian?”
“It’s Heidel.”
“Thank you, Heidel.”
After asking for coffee from the butler Heidel, I laid down on my bed again.
The maid Mary will come and change the sheets later.
However, I couldn’t let her change the sheets so easily.
I had to obstruct the maid in all sorts of ways to stop her from completing her work.
This was the way to treat maids, taught to me by a certain Crusader.
Finally, there was a knocking on the door.
Look, here she comes.
My personal maid, Mary…
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
I’ve been traveling around a lot lately, so the mansion I missed so much had collected a bit of dust.
Sitting cross legged in the center of the soft carpet, I thought back about the events that happened several days ago.
– The sacred ground of Archwizards, the place that produced lots of excellent mages: The Crimson Demon village.
From that place came a letter detailing a man’s last words and reports of an attack by the Demon King’s army, which was delivered into the hands of a certain girl.
Although she knew she wouldn’t be of much help even if she went alone, that girl still made up her mind to return home.
Knowing that she wouldn’t be able to visit this town ever again, that girl confessed the feelings hidden in her heart to me, requesting me to become one with her before she headed toward certain death.
I rejected her resolution, and left the sorrowful girl behind and set off on a journey.
That’s right, in order to take out the Demon King’s army myself before that girl arrived…
Many things happened after that, but the Demon King’s General, something-or-the-other, was defeated because of my actions, and peace returned to the Crimson Demon village. However–
“… Kazuma’s been grinning by himself disgustingly for a while now. Well, it is spring now, so it can’t be helped if he turns dumb.”
After returning to Axel, we continued living peacefully.
Darkness and Megumin, and Aqua who said something demeaning about me, were sitting harmoniously on the couch in the living room, taking turns playing the portable game console we brought back from the Crimson Demon village.
Coming back to my senses, I turned to those three and said with a serious face.
“I want a younger sister.”
– After hearing what I said, the room became silent.
And then…
“Hey Darkness, we have to take turns, all right? I’m next, right? I will be the one to defeat the final boss.”
“No, wait, didn’t Aqua and Megumin take out bosses in real life? At least let me finish it in the game.”
“No, as a Crimson Demon, I won’t back down on the issue of dealing the final blow. And the final boss is definitely a powerful foe. If we let the bumbling Darkness do it, we will need to try several times again before defeating it.”
The three of them seem to be ignoring me as they squabble over the order they will play the game.
“Listen to me ahhhhh!”
“Waahhhhh! Stop it, we’re about to beat the game! Everybody spent so much time to finally reach this stage!”
I snatched the game and kept playing while dodging Aqua who tried to take it back…
“Here, I beat the boss with no damage! Are you happy now?”
“Not at all!! Why did you snatch it at the most crucial part!! How are you going to compensate all the effort we spent to reach this stage? It took us three whole days to make it here!”
“Shut up, just give me the game again. It will take me about three hours to arrive to the same point with no damage.”
“Stop, no! Don’t trample over our efforts!”
Aqua snatched the console back in tears.
“I thought your performance at the Crimson Demons village wasn’t bad, but deep inside, you’re still a jerk! Does mocking our efforts make you happy? Megumin, say something too!!”
When Megumin heard Darkness’ agitated speech, she replied:
“… Eh, well, he was the only one excluded, so that’s kind of pitiful for him. At the Crimson Demon Village or in the past, Kazuma would always be dependable at the very end. What happened just now was sort of like our style, right?”
“Eh?”
Aqua and Darkness shrieked in surprise, looking back and forth between me and Megumin.
“Wait, Megumin, what’s wrong? You’re usually the first to pounce on Kazuma. What happened to the most violent delinquent in Axel?”
“Yeah, Megumin looks as if she has the most potential of taking the top-tier job ‘Berserker’ out of everyone here; there’s no way she would act like this. Hey Kazuma, what exactly happened in the Crimson Demon village?”
“The two of you are too rude! I’m an Archwizard, known for calmness and maturity!… Anyway Kazuma, what’s with you all of a sudden? If you want a sister, instead of discussing with us, you should ask your parents, right?”
“I already told my parents plenty of times that I want a younger sister. And it must be a sister that is not related to me by blood, so they need to hurry up and divorce, and remarry with someone that has a daughter. That was the first time my parents beat me up.”
“They must be wonderful parents not to have chased out a son who said something like that.”
“Nevermind about my parents! I can’t even go back to my country anyway, so there’s no point talking about them. The important thing is –!”
Using an exaggerated movement, I turned my head to face the three of them who were unwilling to stick to the topic.
“The healing type big sister Wiz, the energetic girl Chris, the cold big sister type Sena, and the unlucky type Yunyun! There’s even the orthodox main heroine Eris-sama– I have met all types of beauties!”
“Kazuma-san Kazuma-san, what about me? What type of beauty am I?”
“You’re a complementary type or a pet type. Come on, this is the crucial part, so leave that till later!”
I shook off Aqua who pounced onto me and clenched my fist:
“… I realized something important. It is not complete yet. In the country I was born in, Japan, I sort of have a childhood friend too… So, you understand what else is missing?”
Megumin sighed deeply, as if she understood what I am saying.
“… You really are hopeless. So what you’re saying is, you want me to fill the role of your sister?”
“What are you talking about? Megumin, you’re the loli type.”
“Eh?”
Next to Megumin, who was surprised for some unknown reason, Darkness shyly raised her hand.
“Um, what type of beauty am I…”
“You’re the one in charge of the erotic stuff.”
“Lewdness?”
Ignoring Darkness and Megumin who seemed to be shocked by something, I stated my conclusion.
“You see, when we went to the Crimson Demon village, didn’t Megumin have a little sister? I felt back then that I should have a little sister too… You all know what I’m saying?”
“Not at all.”
The one who answered was Aqua, who listened obediently to the end.
– There was a proper reason why I am saying all this right now.
That was…
“The Princess… seemed to be younger than me, so maybe she is a younger sister type…”
That’s right. I have high hopes for the first Princess who sent that letter.
I heard the Princess was just twelve.
Her age was outside my strike zone.
But at the least, I hope to build a good relationship with that kid and have her call me Onii-sama.
I wasn’t sure if they knew what I was thinking after returning from the Crimson Demon village.
“… Hey Kazuma. It’s not too late to reject the invitation! Okay? The other party is one of the heads of the kingdom! It might be a meal together, but it won’t go as you expected. It will definitely be boring! All right? Everyone, just ignore this invitation!”
The uncharacteristically determined Darkness would try to convince me periodically.
Darkness had been pulling out all the stops to prevent me from seeing the Princess, but I felt her intensity increase after hearing what I said.
I remain seated steadily on the carpet and said:
“… You must be thinking that we’ll do something rude in the presence of the Princess, right?”
Darkness shook violently for a second when she heard me say that.
Her eyes wavered and before long her head slightly lowered:
It, it’s not something like that… Right?
Who is this?
“Hey, look me in the eyes, don’t use honorifics you’re not used to, and say it again. You’re worried that we’ll make some mistakes that would tarnish the reputation of the Dustiness family, right?”
“Is that right? You’re too much, Darkness! We know when to behave ourselves!”
“Unbelievable! Darkness, you think we’ll do anything that’ll be detrimental to you? We’re comrades! Please trust us a bit more!”
When they heard what I said, Aqua and Megumin chipped in.
“Ug… Ughhh… To be honest, I know you all too well, that’s why I’m worried…”
Darkness said on the verge of tears.
To Darkness who had an uneasy expression, I said.
“I know our difference in status and am aware of the basic etiquettes. I’m just excited to see a lady from high society, that’s all.”
“Hey hey, I’m a lady from high society too!”
I found it refreshing to see Darkness at a loss.
“That’s right, I need to buy a tuxedo. You all don’t have dresses, right? Let’s go and tailor some.”
“Great idea! I want to wear something other than a Hagoromo too! But can they complete it in time?”
“I want a black gown, of course. Something that has an air of maturity.”
Aqua and Megumin showed no signs of rejecting the invitation.
Seeing us like this, Darkness finally burst out in tears.
“You, you guys… She is the Princess of a kingdom, you know? You might lose your heads if you say anything wrong! Kazuma, warn them too…”
“Come to think of it, a tuxedo is too common. All right, to leave a good impression on the Princess, I’ll make a set of Kimono and Hakama…”
“Please, I’ll do anything! I’ll do anything I can, so don’t wear something weird to the event!”
Darkness pleaded with me.
“Well then, the week before the princess and her entourage arrives–since you went that far, I’ll leave all the household chores to you.”
The next day, after Darkness pleaded with me in tears.
“… I, I understand. I’m serious about what I said in the Crimson Demon village. It seems that I’ve underestimated you.”
Right now, Darkness was wearing a maid costume that I deliberately chose to be one size too small.
Darkness, with her special short dress, was sexy enough to match her title of ‘the one in charge of the erotic stuff’.
Darkness had a resigned expression as she stood before me.
Seeing Darkness drum up the courage to dress like that, I started getting cocky.
“At a time like this, you should say, ‘As you wish, master.”
“… Um … Ugh!! As, as you wish, master! I’m a dirty sow…!!”
“I didn’t tell you to go that far.”
I stopped Darkness, who was quivering with a flushed face.
– In exchange for not wearing a kimono and not doing anything rude in front of the princess, I fulfilled one of the wishes I always had.
That’s right. It was to make her wear a maid costume with a short skirt while working hard at her chores.
If I get too cocky, the future consequences would be terrifying. Hence, I didn’t go all out; but it should be fine to indulge occasionally.
“So, what should I do? To be honest, I’ve never done household chores before, so I don’t know where to start. Anyway, should I spill tea onto your pants right between the legs, and then rush over in a panic to wipe it?”
“Don’t brew tea anymore in the future.”
Just what kind of profession did she think a maid was?
“Er, just clean up the place for now. Don’t wash the plates and cutleries, you’ll probably break them. I’ve had enough of losing money in such cliche scenes.”
“… Eh… As you wish…”
Seeming depressed for some reason, Darkness dragged her feet as she left the living room.
Aqua and Megumin went off to Wiz’s shop.
Hence, it was just me and Darkness in the mansion right now.
Now that I think about it, Darkness had always been causing trouble for me.
So let me order her around today as I please.
… At this moment.
“Hyaahhh!”
The scream accompanied the sound of pottery breaking.
Then Darkness charged over with the shattered pieces of something in her arms.
“I’m very sorry master! I broke master’s important vase! No matter what kind of punishment it is, I…!”
“I don’t have any vase and wouldn’t treat some shoddy vase like a treasure, but if you break something important to me, I’ll punish you by making you wear that maid costume to the adventurer’s guild.”
“?”
– Darkness cleaned the windows with no regard to the dust falling on her.
As for me, I was checking Darkness’s work.
If you ask why I was doing that, the answer was that I had nothing to do.
I slid my finger across the windows and looked at my fingertips.
However, it didn’t have any of the dust I was hoping for on it; she cleaned everything very well.
“… Ugh, you’ve always been of scant use, but you just have to pick this moment to clean it so thoroughly…! I wanted to pick a bone with you and order the Crusader Lalatina to parade around the adventurer’s guild in maid attire as punishment.”
“Fufu, I won’t be punished so easily. You’re still the guy who can guess what I hate the most… And please, stop calling me Lalatina.”
In terms of cleaning, I had no choice but to give the blushing Darkness a passing grade.
– However, even after that.
“… Ugh, I thought you would mix up the salt and sugar…!”
“If I read the labels carefully, I won’t make such a mistake. And as an adventurer, I can still do simple tasks like cooking meat.”
I muttered unconsciously while eating the lunch prepared by Darkness.
It was rice with salad and grilled meat. Judging from her choice of a simple meal that was hard to mess up, she really didn’t want to be punished.
Darkness had a smug face of victory.
“Hmph, I used high quality meat. How’s the taste?”
“Average.”
“?”
– Cleaning the toilet.
That was normally Aqua’s responsibility.
“… Um, is there really a need to clean the toilet?”
“… Pr-Probably not.”
It was probably the cleansing effect of the goddess of water.
She always did it so half-heartedly, but the toilets under Aqua’s care were the most sparkling places in the entire house.
No choice but to move on to the next phase.
“– Really? Is this really the most important job of a maid? You’re not bullying me because I’m unworldly? At least, my father didn’t ask the maids employed in my house to do this!”
“It’s true! In my country, maids who don’t do this aren’t fit to be maids!”
I kept entering and exiting the door into the mansion and made Darkness greet me with a smile and say, ‘Welcome home master.’.
“Hey, your smile’s too stiff! Why do you look so unfriendly? How scary! Give a cuter smile and say, ‘Welcome home!’.”
“W-Welcome home master!”
“Wrong! Your hands should be like this! Legs like that! Lean forward to emphasize your body parts! Isn’t your only strong point your erotic body? Quick, again!”
“Welcome home master! I might like to be teased, but if you go too far, my other strong point, my grip strength, will…!”
“Ahhh, it’s breaking, my head’s going to explode! Something’s coming out! I’m sorry!!”
I screamed an apology after my temple was crushed by her iron claw.
“Seriously. If the punishment or bullying were more exciting for me, I wouldn’t mind doing it to you.”
“You might say that now, but you’ll shirk away just before crossing the last line.”
After playing with Darkness for a while, we went for a stroll outside.
“However, you’re not too opposed to the maid costume. You should try wearing more frilly clothes sometimes.”
Because Darkness pleaded with me in tears not to make her wear her maid costume in the streets, I allowed her to wear her casual clothes today.
“… I know very well whether cute clothes suit me. That’s why, I want to wear casual clothes when doing house chores tomorrow…”
“I won’t give in on that.”
Darkness seemed troubled but was lowering her head happily. Shortly after, we arrived at the shop we were going to.
“Yo, sorry for the intrusion.”
“Ah, welcome, Kazuma-san! We’re just bringing in the fire-starting item invented by Kazuma-san!”
We came to Wiz’s shop.
Today, they would be selling all sorts of convenient merchandize from Japan.
Megumin, who was watching the developed merchandize, and Aqua, who was behaving herself after receiving tea snacks, were also inside the shop.
That guy who had the most impactful presence wasn’t here.
Noticing that I was here, Megumin took a lighter and shouted at me:
“Kazuma, Kazuma, quick, show me the power of this magic item!”
“This isn’t a magic item, I told you that this is a convenient tool from my country! Here, watch carefully.”
I took the lighter from Megumin and used it.
“Oh?”
When they saw the fire I lit, Megumin, Darkness, and Wiz shouted in surprise.
“This, this is very convenient! Really, it’s just like tinder magic! Kazuma-san, this will definitely sell!”
Wiz was waving her hands around excitedly.
“The structure’s simple, but it’s unexpectedly useful. It’s hard to believe this isn’t a magic item. And if you use it sparingly, it’ll last a long time.”
Megumin was impressed as she observed the lighter from all sorts of angles. From her comment, she seemed really interested in this.
“I want one too. Flintstones don’t work well in wet places, and starting a fire wastes a lot of time too. Bringing flammable materials to start a fire’s troublesome, and keeping it dry is also a pain. This will solve all the problems I mentioned. Wiz, Kazuma, can you sell me one? How much is it?”
Darkness said as she dug through her purse for money.
Wiz smiled when she heard that.
“No need. After all, this is something Kazuma-san invented; we merely produced it. Everyone helped with the development of the merchandize too. Please pick one you like.”
When they heard Wiz’s words, Darkness and Megumin eagerly picked out lighters. Aqua, who was greedily eating her tea snacks, sneered.
“Really, what a bunch of hillbillies. Being happy over a lighter. It’s easy to make something like this. That’s why people who are behind the times…”
Aqua mocked Wiz and the others aloofly as she reached for a lighter…
I slapped away her hand.
“… What’s with you, Kazuma? Let me pick one too.”
“No, pay for it first.”
After I added, ‘It’s common sense to pay when you buy things’, Aqua got in my face.
“Ahhh? Why, why are you only mean to me? Wiz already said she’s giving them to us! Why’s it fine for Darkness and Megumin but not me, don’t just exclude me!”
“I’d be fine with it if you didn’t mock the three of them. Anyway, you were completely uninvolved in this, right? Wiz is the shopkeeper, Megumin shared with me her knowledge of how the Crimson Demons craft magic items, and Darkness introduced me to a lot of merchant wholesalers. While all this was happening, didn’t you just stay in the mansion eating and sleeping and eating again? If you want a share, then go outside and attract some customers.”
When Aqua heard what I said, she said these words with tears in her eyes and charged out of the shop:
“Wahhh! Kazuma, you unfair fellow! And I was thinking about keeping the fact that you sniff our laundry a secret!”
“Hey wait! I-I didn’t do that! Don’t talk such nonsense, hey! … Really! Megumin, Darkness, don’t look at me like that… Wait, why’s Wiz doing that too? No, I’m being framed!”
While I was trying my best to dispel this misunderstanding, Aqua, who had dashed out of the shop, poked her head back in.
“… If I attract lots of customers, can you give me one?”
“Fine, I will! And resolve this misunderstanding before you go!”
The entrance to the magic item shop was extremely crowded.
According to Wiz, this was the first time so many people gathered on this street.
It seemed that Vanir, who had yet to make his appearance, spread some news.
Maybe it affected this commotion too.
I spotted some people holding flyers within the crowd.
“… But, this is an amazing amount of people.”
“… True.”
I answered casually after hearing Darkness’s mumbling.
“… It would be great if all of them are customers here to buy the merchandize…”
“… True.”
I replied Megumin weakly.
I watched the center of the crowd.
Wiz had a troubled face and said timidly:
“… E-Even customers who were planning to visit us had been drawn over to her…”
“Dammit! Ahhh, what the hell’s that girl doing!”
Right before us, Aqua was performing her tricks and was showered by cheers and applause.
Even the customers who came because of the flyers forgot their objectives and were watching her.
I did ask her to attract customers, but I didn’t ask her to go that far.
Aqua had completely forgotten her original objective and was showcasing her tricks wholeheartedly.
“Next, from this piece of normal handkerchief! Suddenly, pigeons will fly out!”
Aqua said as she took out a handkerchief.
This was a typical magic trick.
Hiding a pigeon in your clothes, then making it look like the pigeon flew out from the handkerchief.
Aqua flicked the handkerchief, and from there…
“Uuooohh?”
A flock of pigeons numbering over a hundred flew out, shocking the audience.
“That’s too many! What, how did she do it? This is physically impossible!”
I started questioning my eyes and asked Wiz who was beside me.
“Who, who knows… I didn’t feel any mana, so it shouldn’t be summoning magic, and it’s not possible to hide the pigeons anywhere… Eh, so how did she…?”
Even Wiz, the expert in magic, placed her hand beside her mouth and started pondering.
“Ah, please don’t throw money. I’m not a busker, so no money please.”
Aqua solemnly rejected the tips thrown forth by the crowd.
She had a principle she insisted on upholding for her tricks.
By the way, she could make a living just by performing on the streets.
I was rendered speechless and before I knew it, I had mixed into the crowd because of Aqua’s wonderful performance.
“What, what’s with this terrible sight…?”
Vanir who came back suddenly stared at the crowd.
Aqua who was standing in the middle of the crowd took out a large quantity of potions that probably came from Wiz’s shop.
“Next, I’ll count to three and all these potions will disappear without a trace! Even I won’t know where it’ll go! Let’s start counting!”
“Don’t do that, thee imbecile!! What in the heavens art thee doing? Art thee not satisfied with sprinkling holy water on the handles of our shop? Art thee finally disrupting moi business openly?”
That girl, so that was what she was doing when she was wandering outside.
“Don’t get in my way you odd masked man! This is a public road; do you have any problem with me performing here?”
“Of course, thee twat! Moi bet the future of this shop on this day that commemorates the sale of our new products! Moi don’t have time for thee to obstruct moi business!”
Wiz ignored the two of them, who were yelling without regard for the customers, and shouted:
“Dear customers, we have plenty of convenient items in stock! Please have a look!”
This was the first time I saw Wiz acting like a shop owner!
– Although all sorts of things happened.
“Come, come, welcome! Customers who make purchases amounting to ten thousand eris will receive a Vanir doll that laughs at night as a gift! Customers who make purchases five hundred thousand eris and above, be amazed–! Thou shalt receive a Vanir mask that’s similar in design to mine as a complimentary gift! … Ara, young boy, moi mask isn’t for sale. Sorry, take this shiny card with you … This way, welcome!”
The suspicious, vigorously shouting shop attendant was unexpectedly popular with the kids.
“Thank you for your patronage, thank you for your patronage! Ah, two lighters and a Vanir mask, right? Thank you for your patronage!”
The convenient Japanese product was selling like hot cakes.
The merchandize was really flying off the shelf. If I knew it could sell so well, I should’ve started doing business earlier.
“Let me go, Darkness! He’s implying I’m stealing his customers, this is so vexing! Let me perform!”
“Calm down Aqua, you forgot your objective! Here, be a good girl and come here!”
Darkness restrained Aqua while Wiz and Vanir busied themselves with entertaining the customers.
When the number of customers finally dropped, the excited Vanir came to our side.
“Fuhahaha! Moi can’t stop laughing at this situation! Look, it’s still some ways to go before the shop closes, but the merchandize is almost sold out. Allow moi to thank thee once again, brat who enjoyed a great atmosphere with your companion during the trip, but feels uneasy because there wasn’t any development at all in the end!”
“Hey, are you talking about me? Is it really me? D-Don’t joke with me, I-I-I’m not uneasy, not at all! W-What, Megumin, don’t keep glancing my way!”
“I-I’m not glancing, not at all! Don’t waver Kazuma, how can you be so fooled by this devil’s lies!”
The thing I was most concerned about after returning from the village of the Crimson Demons was picked up so easily!
“It’s fine if thou two get married and make babies, but it’s annoying to see the two of thou stealing glances at each other. So just go to an inn or somewhere dark and get it down– Hmm, instead of that.”
This guy was really… Should I get Aqua to finish him off?
“If this goes on, the three hundred million eris thou deserve will be ready by the end of the month. This isn’t much, but consider this a compensation from moi for making thee wait for so long.”
Vanir said as he passed to me a black mask that was slightly different in design from the one he was wearing.
“This is one of the top sellers in our shop, a mass-produced Vanir mask that’s really popular in society. If you wear it in a moonlit night, your mana will increase, your metabolism will enhance, and your skin will have a silky luster because of the mysterious power of the devil. This is a rare black mask among these products, so you can flaunt it to the kids.”
I-I don’t want it…
Will I be cursed if I wear this…?
From that day forth, Wiz’s shop was uncharacteristically crowded.
Finally, today–
“And so, all of you understand, right?”
That’s right. Today was the day we would be eating together with the princess.
When Darkness wasn’t in the living room, I told Aqua and Megumin that we can’t dishonor Darkness’s name.
“Of course. This is a rare chance. I won’t embarrass Darkness, so let me use the party trick I’ve been holding back all this while to hype up the crowd! … Kazuma, I want to take a tiger out from a hat, but there isn’t one. Using a Rookie Killer as a replacement will do, so can you catch one for me?”
“I’ll use an extravagant appearance in the style of the Crimson Demons to give the princess a pleasant surprise. Kazuma, I’ll need something that’ll produce lots of smoke and fire powder. Where should I buy these?”
… Darkness’s worry was warranted.
– The Dustiness mansion.
The largest mansion in Axel town was being guarded tightly.
The small number of house help had increased in number, probably to give the appearance of grandiose.
It was to be expected.
The first princess of this country, Iris, had already moved into this mansion yesterday.
At the entrance of the Dustiness mansion.
Wearing a pure white gown with her long blonde hair braided beautifully and hanging over her right shoulder, Darkness appeared before us.
It was a white and pure gown, but it looked lewd because of the one wearing it.
“Satou Kazuma-sama and ladies. We’re honored by your visit. Today, I, Dustiness ford Lalatina, will be your hostess. Please treat this as your own home and enjoy yourselves.”
Darkness, totally looking the part of an aristocratic lady, led the house help behind her and bowed to us after her formal greeting.
After the ceremonious welcome, we weren’t sure how we should react.
“T-Thank you…”
I bit my tongue right off the bat.
When she saw my mistake, Darkness, who was smiling gently, lowered her head suddenly with a blushed face.
Her shoulders were quivering; she seemed to be holding back her laughter.
This, this jerk…!
Damn, I shouldn’t do something I wasn’t used to.
“Hey Darkness, stop laughing and lead the way. These clothes are uncomfortably tight.”
I was wearing a black rental suit from the tailor shop.
It was something that should be worn with a bow tie, but Aqua and Megumin laughed loudly at me when I tried it on, so I decided to never wear it again.
Aqua and Megumin didn’t have enough time to have dresses made, so they were going to borrow from Darkness.
“Everyone, this way please.”
Darkness’s shoulders continued to quiver as she led us into the mansion.
“– Please wait here for a moment. The young lady’s choosing the dresses.”
The house help brought us to a reception room.
We settled down on a couch over there. The house help brewed tea for us and left the room so we could enjoy it in peace.
Shortly after, Darkness came in with some other house help holding dresses. They bowed to us and stood near the door–
Darkness then gestured for Aqua and Megumin to come to her.
Aqua and Megumin followed behind Darkness and entered the room next door, and then…
“Darkness, the waist is really loose. Is there one that’s tighter?”
“That, that piece has the slimmest waist… It can’t be helped, Crusaders need muscles…! What’s the matter, Megumin?”
“… How should I put this… It slipped right off. The waist and chest are too loose. Is there anything smaller…?”
I heard the three of them talking next door.
“Well, I do have others… But that one was from when I was a child… Ow-ow-ow! Megumin, don’t pull my braid!”
They then spoke to the house help who were probably tailoring the dress on the spot…
Finally, Darkness brought the two tired girls out of the room.
“…Gasp”
Hearing me gasp, Megumin shyly lowered her head.
As her shoulders were bare, her porcelain white skin was exposed. Thanks to the black dress that contrasted with her skin, she looked very elegant, quite different from her usual loli appearance.
Aqua followed right behind, wearing a white dress.
“Kazuma, look, look. How is it? This is what it means by ‘clothes make the man’.”
This wasn’t really a compliment, but it fits Aqua right now.
It wasn’t her usual blue attire and hagoromo, but a pure white dress. She was so beautiful that as long as she kept her mouth shut, it wouldn’t be a surprise if anyone worships her.
“Really Kazuma, with so many beauties before you, you won’t lose anything by complimenting and worshipping us a little, right?”
Really, if she would only shut her mouth.
“Yeah, it’s very pretty. But the important thing is still the princess. She’s been here since yesterday, huh?”
Hearing me asking so expectantly, Darkness had a genuine expression of unease.
“… I’m serious, don’t do anything rude, all right? After all, you tend to blurt out incredible things sometimes. As an adventurer who fights constantly as a career, you’ll be given more leeway, but you might still lose your head if you say the wrong things.”
My expectations grew after listening to what Darkness said.
Her royal highness.
That’s right, the royal princess.
Beautiful and demure, a princess that loves butterflies and birds.
No, since she likes stories of adventures, she might be unexpectedly lively.
Our team which seemed to fail at everything had finally risen to the point that royalty would come to visit us.
It couldn’t be helped if I get a little carried away.
“Hey, let me say this first. I really don’t want to leave this mansion. I’ve lived here for so long and really like it here, but… If the princess were to ask me to be on her escort team or something, I’ll consider moving out. So, all of you should prepare yourselves mentally.”
“How did things go so far? Didn’t I tell you it’s just a normal dinner?”
With Darkness leading the way, we walked toward the place to meet the princess.
And finally, we reached a huge room used for the dining event.
Darkness turned to us once again.
“Okay, listen well. She’s a princess of a nation… Kazuma, you might have many flaws, but you still have common sense, so I won’t need to worry about you too much. And I even dressed up like a maid and served you, so don’t think you can get away if you screw this up. Aqua, don’t go overboard with your performing, especially those dangerous ones. Those tricks are banned. And Megumin… I’ll search you right now!”
“Eh? Wait, wait a minute Darkness, why just me? What’s there to search, we even changed in the same room…! Ahhh, wait, Kazuma’s looking! Kazuma’s using the chance to stare at me!”
I looked at the two of them wrestling before me and asked Aqua:
“What trickery are you going to show?”
“What do you mean by trickery? How rude. It’s a rare chance to meet with royalty, but it’s boring just for the princess to see this. I planned to make a painting on the spot… Specifically, a sand painting. I would then gift it to her.”
“Huh. You really know all sorts of things…”
As we were conversing…
“Hah, see! What’s this, Megumin? A smoke bomb to disperse monsters and a potion that’ll explode once it’s opened! What are you planning to do with these? That’s why your chest’s so suspiciously big!”
“You’re pretty good Darkness, but I still have a second and third way of making a grandiose introduction…!”
Seeing the two of them continue to wrestle, the house help who had been with us since they chose the dresses sighed deeply.
“… Will we be implicated too…?”
I felt the same way.
“… Well then, we’re going now. Listen, I’ll handle Her Highness Iris, all of you just need to eat and nod. I’ll explain everything to her.”
Darkness said as she led the way and opened the door.
It was a vast, high-class dining hall that wasn’t overly extravagant.
The hall was illuminated by candles and was well lit.
Several servants surrounded the table quite some distance away, waiting quietly.
The floor was covered in red carpet.
A large table with all sorts of fancy dishes sat in the middle of the carpet laden room. At the head of the table was a girl who was dressed in white, just like Aqua and Darkness.
On either side of the girl stood two young women.
One wore a black dress and was unarmed, and looked a little plain.
Judging from the rings with sharp edges shining on her hand, she was probably a mage.
The other woman wasn’t wearing a dress, but a white suit. A short haired beauty with a sword on her waist.
It was probably inappropriate for the young princess to have male knights as guards, which was why her attendants were women.
Darkness slowly led us toward the three of them.
“Sorry for the wait, Princess Iris. These are my friends and my adventuring comrades, Satou Kazuma and his team. This way, my friends. This is the first princess of the kingdom, Her Highness Iris. Please introduce yourselves with the adequate etiquette.”
She said while gesturing to the young girl in the middle.
She was just what I expected a young princess to be.
Semi-long golden locks and clear blue eyes.
Giving off a sense of regal quality, an orthodox beauty with a dreamy air about her was right there.
How precious, this was a rare exception where this fantasy world didn’t betray my expectation.
Elves wearing fake ears, beardless dwarves, cat-eared orcs, and a disappointing lich.
After seeing all sorts of weirdos, I was wary about a weird princess appearing.
While I was feeling moved and stopped thinking, Aqua gently lifted the corners of her skirt and did a perfect curtsy.
When we saw her like that, not just me, even Darkness tensed up–
“I’m an Archpriest, Aqua. Please to meet you… All right, allow me to present a performance as a greeting…”
Aqua was about to show some tricks when Darkness grabbed her hand.
“E-Excuse for a moment, Princess Iris. I have something to tell my companion…”
Aqua pulled on Darkness’s braid in protest while she was being restrained.
Using the chance while Darkness was distracted by Aqua, Megumin reached into her dress,and quickly took out a black mantle.
She seemed to have tied it to her thigh to sneak it through Darkness’s body search.
After opening the mantle with a flick and donning it on her shoulders, Megumin prepared to introduce herself, but was stopped by Darkness grabbing her hand.
With one hand grabbing Aqua and the other holding Megumin, Darkness tried to smile as Aqua happily stroked her braid, but she looked as if she would burst into tears at any moment.
Aqua seemed to be enamored by how the braid felt in her hand, and didn’t plan to stop.
… At this moment, the princess looked at me as she whispered to the white-suited female attendant.
She was probably shy.
“Lowly plebeian, don’t leer at royalty with such lewd eyes. Normally, it’d be impossible for you to meet and dine together with royalty because of the difference in status. Lower your head, don’t meet my eyes. Hurry up with your greetings and tell me about your adventures… The princess said.”
When I heard the white-suited woman say that, I froze.
After a moment, I understood.
During the times of samurai in Japan, because of the status difference between the lord and his vassals, they wouldn’t dine at the same table and would eat at different times.
Getting the white-suited woman to speak in her place was probably to avoid conversing with people of a lower status.
I felt at ease with aristocrats because of Darkness and her father, but this was the norm for nobles and royalty.
I see, I got it… I simply said:
“Change.”
“Your Highness Iris, please wait for a moment! My comrades are tense because of their excitement, allow me to speak with them for a moment…!”
Darkness dragged me by my hand to a corner of the hall.
“Y-you idiot! What the hell is ‘change’? Why do you think I suffered through all that humiliation to serve you? This isn’t what we agreed on!”
Facing Darkness, who wanted to strangle me, I protested by pulling on her braid.
“‘What the hell’ and ‘not what we agreed on’ should be my lines! All those talks about the princess filled me with expectations, but what’s all this? The development I was looking forward to being was… ‘I yearn for the world outside! Brave adventurer-sama, please allow me to hear your tales of adventures!’ What kind of dining together is this? Are they looking down on me?”
“Hey, shut up now…! Ughh, why’s everyone pulling on my hair today…? Um… No-not in a place like this, these types of things should be done when the two of us are alone…!”
I pointed in the princess’s direction and said to Darkness, who was spouting nonsense:
“By the way, something seemed to be happening. Is it fine to leave her alone?”
In the direction I was pointing at, Aqua was painting on a piece of paper with glue and then sprinkling sand on top of it.
Completed in no time was an incredibly high-quality sand painting.
It was a work that could be mistaken for a black and white photo from far…
“To commemorate the day we meet the princess, I present you with this. I even replicated the disgraceful bit of sauce at the corner of the lips perfectly…”
When the princess heard Aqua’s unnecessary words, she wiped the corner of her mouth frantically.
“Your Highness Iris, I’ll chase this insolent fool out, please wait a moment!!”
Darkness screamed as she lifted the edge of her dress slightly off the ground and charged.
When the princess heard her scream, she whispered to the white-suited woman beside her.
“Because the princess saw the rare sight of the calm and quiet Lalatina acting so frantically, she won’t pursue the matter. It’s normal for adventurers to be a little crude. Instead of that, hurry up and tell your stories of adventure, the princess said.”
As the white-suited woman repeated the princess’s word, Her Highness looked at Aqua doing her best to protect the sand painting in her arms from Darkness and smiled happily.
Darkness bowed deeply toward the princess–
“My deep apologies, Princess Iris! How should I put this, the three of them are also the most problematic bunch amongst the adventurers!”
While Darkness was doing her best to explain, Aqua presented the sand painting to Her Highness and said, “For you.”
When the princess saw the sand painting, shock came over her face, and she whispered to the white-suited woman.
“To draw such a perfect sand painting in so little time…! Amazing, simply amazing! A reward for you! The princess said.”
The white-suited woman said as she took out something from her pocket and offered it to Aqua.
It was a small gem.
Even to my untrained eyes, I could tell that gem was valuable.
Aqua took it and held it between her thumb and index finger, appraising it happily in the light.
Lowering her head embarrassingly, Darkness sat to the right of the princess.
Megumin and Aqua sat to the side of Darkness.
The princess gestured for me to sit to her left.
As I sat down as instructed, Her Highness stared at me and whispered to the white-suited woman.
“Are you the one the brave magic sword user Mitsurugi mentioned? Let me hear your story, Her Highness said… I also want to hear about how you defeated that Mitsurugi.”
Was Mitsurugi famous in the kingdom?
And what exactly did that guy say about me?
I basked in the gaze full of expectation from the white-suited woman and the princess and started recounting my memories…
“I had a stroke of inspiration and set a trap. I undid the seal to lock Sylvia inside! And so, I managed to buy time for the Crimson Demons to regroup!”
“Amazing! I’ve heard of all sorts of adventuring stories, but you’re the first person I know of that fights like this! Also, this is the first time I’ve heard such a touching story full of surprises! The stories of the other adventurers simply detailed how they elegantly wiped out the monsters, or how he defeated the dragon on the mountain with just a sword… The stories told so far were amazing, but they were all how the heroes defeated the monsters one-sidedly…! That’s what Her Highness said.”
The princess listened to my adventure tales with sparkling eyes, just like a kid.
A person with high standings was listening to my words expectantly.
In such a situation, it couldn’t be helped if I acted a little arrogantly.
“… Really, that guy’s spouting nonsense.”
Aqua’s furtive voice came from across the table.
I wasn’t bothered by the audience and continued:
“Your Highness, that’s because the other adventurers subjugated opponents they could take on. I’m not saying that’s bad, but they’re obviously different from me who fought with foes that are stronger than me as I strived to better myself every day.”
“How exemplary! Since you’re constantly working to improve yourself, how do you spend your time…? The princess is curious… As am I, how does a person like you spend your days…?”
I said to the princess and the white-suited woman, who were impressed:
“Right… I usually rest at home during the day and venture out when night falls. I’d then patrol the town quietly and help maintain law and order.”
I drank my beverage while I explained, but didn’t touch the extravagant food much.
From the other side of the table, the soft mumbling of Megumin could be heard.
“Aqua, this guy idles the entire day and calls his depraved life of wandering around patrolling.”
“Shh, just watch. You know this guy will get too cocky and dig his own grave.”
I heard what Aqua said, but I wasn’t an idiot either.
I only said these things after observing the expression and reaction of the princess.
When I looked at Darkness, she was lowering her head shyly for some reason as Megumin stroked her braid.
Megumin liked the feeling of Darkness’s braid too.
Darkness noticed what they would behave when they were playing with her hair, so she let Megumin do as she pleased.
The princess sighed after hearing my words and whispered into the ears of the white-suited woman.
“What a strange adventurer. You’re completely different from all the adventurers I’ve met so far. What did you do before you became an adventurer? Says the princess.”
My previous job, huh…
I reminisced about my life in Japan and said:
“Before I came to this country, my job was to guard the home of my family. I trained my skills every day, protecting my home from crisis and disasters. A miserable job that no one would understand nor appreciate…”
When they heard what I said…
“Hmm, so it’s something like the castle guard in the capital? … They’re the same, they don’t receive much credit. But the guards being idle was proof that the capital was peaceful… So, you too were anonymously protecting your hometown from harm.”
I nodded deeply after hearing what the white-suited woman said.
“I had to deal with people forcing me to sign contracts, telling me that ‘it’ll just be for three months’. I fended off people eyeing my wealth too, lots of things happened.”
That’s right, newspaper vendors and television fee collectors.
The surprised white-suited woman whispered to the princess:
“Forcing him to sign a contract… He must’ve defeated a devil… Wealth… Those were probably bandits…”
Aqua, who was listening all this while, looked at me as if she had something to say.
Even though I turned my face to avoid her gaze, she still persistently looked at me.
Please, I’m not lying. Don’t look at me like that.
Everyone was enjoying their meal and the chattering stopped momentarily.
The white-suited woman suddenly said to me, who was getting arrogant:
“To think that you won against the hero with the magic sword, Mitsurugi… Pardon my impudence, but may I look at your adventurer’s card? I wish to use Kazuma-san’s skills as reference for myself…”
She said something incredible.
My problematic adventurer’s card couldn’t be shown to others.
I’ll be in hot soup if they questioned where I learned the skills of a lich from.
Megumin noticed my anxiety–
“Um, for us adventurers, such information is sensitive– even for the attendants of a princess… Ah, instead of that, Aqua, the party’s simmering down, so it’s about time for you to show your secret party tricks…!”
She tried to divert the topic to cover for me.
And Aqua would…!
“…? I drew something great today, so that’s enough. Megumin, you really want to watch my performance, huh? Can’t be helped then, I’ll show it to you when I get in the mood tomorrow. Hey, more wine, more wine.”
Aqua was splendidly ignorant of the mood today too, and was even rushing the servers for more wine.
The white-suited woman tilted her head suspiciously.
“We’re not adventurers like you, but the nobility of the kingdom. We won’t carelessly reveal Kazuma-dono’s details. Referencing Kazuma-dono’s skills will improve the combat potential of the kingdom’s army, which will ultimately help in defeating the Demon King. May you please aid us in strengthening the fighting prowess of the kingdom? Or is there some reason as to why you won’t let me look at it?”
It was true that there was a reason I couldn’t let others see this.
At this moment.
“That man has the weakest job, Adventurer. He probably has a complex about it and doesn’t want others to know. May you let it go on my account?”
Darkness asked the white-suited woman with a smile.
“Yes, that’s right. I didn’t mention this earlier, but I have the weakest job. Oh, this is embarrassing, I got found out.”
Seeing me scratch my head, the white-suited woman’s attitude changed with disappointment.
“So, you have the weakest job… Are you as good as you say? You mentioned about winning against Mitsurugi in a fight, but is that true? If it’s so, pray tell us how you won against him.”
She was polite, but the content showed her obvious doubts.
I won against Mitsurugi by stealing his sword and using sneak attacks; I couldn’t tell them that I won through such an inglorious way.
… The princess then tugged at the shirt of the white-suited woman.
And whispered into her ear while glancing at me…
The mouth of the white-suited woman moved as if she was troubled by what she heard.
“… Um… It’s hard to believe the handsome Mitsurugi would lose to someone with the weakest job. Are you lying to me, a royal? Even the common people on the streets know about the Swordmaster who wields a magic sword. It’s unfathomable for him to lose to someone with the weakest job in the beginner town, since he’s handsome… That’s what Her Highness said… I think so too, since he’s handsome.”
“Hey, are the two of you asking for a beating?”
After hearing their implications that I couldn’t be considered good looking, I said that to the white-suited woman.
That’s right, I even forgot about the other party being royalty and said so with my casual tone.
The white-suited woman became agitated when she heard that.
“Insolent fool! How dare you say that in the presence of royalty?”
She shouted as she drew the sword on her waist.
Oh no, shit!
“My humble apologies, my companion said something rude…! He’s a man who doesn’t even know basic manners, please forgive him on my sake…! It’s a fact that this man achieved great merits, and it would be inadequate for Your Highness Iris who invited him to a meal to hand down punishment…!”
Darkness lowered her head in an apology in my stead.
The princess whispered to the white-suited woman when she heard this.
“… Her Highness Iris says she won’t pursue the matter on the account of the Dustiness house. who’s contributed tremendously to the kingdom. However, her mood has been spoiled. The reward for the stories of adventures will be paid out as usual. That con man with the weakest job over there, be gone after taking the money.”
Ah, what stinging words!
But thanks to Darkness, I was saved.
However, they were speaking in a manner just asking for a retort. It’s completely unreasonable for them to get angry.
As I was thinking about hurrying and leaving…
“Ow, ow! Hey Megumin, what are you…?”
Darkness suddenly screamed.
It seemed that Megumin was venting her anger by tugging on Darkness’s braid, which she had been stroking softly all this while.
Leaving Darkness who noticed this aside, even my face was turning green.
In our team, Megumin was probably the one who cherished her comrades the most.
When we were escaping from Sylvia in the village of the Crimson Demons, when she heard we’d be implicated even if we fled, Megumin chose to face the Demon King’s General in battle.
She once said, ‘If you’re hit, hitting back the only correct response.’ Megumin, who had the shortest temper among us, couldn’t just ignore this situation…!
“……”
Megumin stroked Darkness’s braids a few more times.
Her wrath seemed to dissipate and she released the braid and went back to her food.
I was worried that she might say something like, “You wench, try saying that again!’ or something like that, but she didn’t.
The princess was as surprised as was the white-suited woman, and the baffled Darkness asked Megumin:
“… Megumin, you’re really well behaved today. I thought you’d cause a commotion…”
Megumin quietly sent food into her mouth, chewed it and then swallowed.
She then finally said in a soft voice:
“I wouldn’t be able to bear it if I’m alone. But if I rampage here, Darkness will be troubled.”
Darkness looked at Megumin, who was eating quietly.
After a moment of silence…
She stood up suddenly and said to the princess with her head bowed:
“My sincere apologies, Your Highness Iris… Please take back your words about this man being a con man. He might exaggerate a little, but he didn’t lie. He might have the weakest job, but he’s a man who’s more reliable than anyone else during a pinch. Princess Iris, may you correct your speech from earlier and apologize to him?”
The white-suited woman turned furious when she heard Darkness.
“What are you saying, Lady Dustiness? You want Her Highness Iris to beg a peasant for forgiveness…?”
The princess stood up and spoke clearly in her own voice:
Even I could hear it.
“… I won’t apologize. If those weren’t lies, then let that man explain how he won against Mitsurugi-sama. If he can’t do that, then that means this man’s a weakling who’s all talk–?”
The princess’s words were interrupted midway.
Darkness silently slapped her in the face.
“What are you doing, Lady Dustiness?!”
Agitated, the white-suited woman stood before the princess, who was stunned after being slapped, and glared furiously at Darkness.
“Ahhh! No, don’t…!”
The princess said hastily.
Before her voice could reach, the white-suited woman swung her sword down at Darkness…!
“?”
With a dull thud, the sword cut deep into Darkness’s wrist.
Red blood sprayed onto the clothes of the princess, Darkness, and the white-suited woman.
The white-suited woman remained still.
Or rather, she couldn’t move.
She probably swung with the intention to slash off the wrist.
But that blow only tore through Darkness’s skin and a bit of her muscle.
Darkness didn’t even glance at the shocked expression of the white-suited woman, and turned to face the princess silently.
The Crusader who was the pride of our team was tough.
She was probably the toughest in this nation.
“Your Highness Iris, pardon my impudence. However, that shouldn’t be something you should say to someone who did their best and achieved numerous merits. He also has no obligation to explain how he defeated the magic sword user. Also, not explaining doesn’t mean he should be lectured.”
Darkness used her still bleeding hand to caress the cheek of the princess that she slapped, speaking in a calm and soothing voice as if she was educating a child.
The princess looked blankly at Darkness.
I stood up.
“… I understand. My comrade covered for me this much, so I shouldn’t keep it from you… I’ll show you how I defeated Mitsurugi. Let me say this first, it’s nothing glamourous, all right?”
I said to the white-suited woman who still had a stunned expression.
She composed herself when she said that, pulled her sword back, and took a stance.
“Enough, that’s enough! Claire, I’m fine!”
The princess shouted miserably.
I couldn’t feel the intense pressure from the princess right now.
What was with this sudden change?
Maybe her nature wasn’t bad?
“… Since you’re agreeable, I have no objections. Go all out Kazuma. You won’t say that you’ll lose, right?”
Darkness covered her wounds with her other hand as she provoked me with a smile. I reached a hand out at the woman in the white suit–
“Of course, think about all the opponents I faced! From magic sword users to the Generals of the Demon King’s army, even the Mobile Fortress Destroyer! I’ve always been fighting with such people! Take this, I’ll start with Steal!”
I shouted at the white-suited woman who was watching me cautiously!
I’ll steal her sword and…!
… I didn’t settle it.
I apologized to her softly.
“My bad. This… I’ll return it to you…”
“…? Eh, ahhh…! Hyaa?”
I timidly offered the white panties in my hand to the white-suited woman, who had let go of her sword and was grasping at her lower abdomen.
“You-why! Why do you always drop the ball at the crucial moment?”
“Um, my apologies for letting things turn out this way…”
The white-suited woman apologized to us.
The princess beside her hid her face behind the white-suited woman as if she was hiding.
Darkness said to the white-suited woman with a smile.
“Please don’t mind it. We’re partially at fault too. As you can see, the wounds have healed without any traces, so let’s forget about the matter.”
The white-suited woman blushed with embarrassment at the sight.
Be it the princess or the white-suited lady, they didn’t seem concerned about how I won against Mitsurugi.
“… But, to instantly heal that wound without any scars… What a powerful Archpriest.”
The white-suited woman said as she looked at Aqua, who was lying face down on the table.
I was wondering why she was behaving herself. So she drank too much and was asleep all this while.
We woke her up just now by hitting her to treat Darkness’s wound, but she fell asleep again immediately after doing so.
She’ll only spoil the mood if she’s awake, so it’s better to let her sleep.
The white-suited woman continued:
“And Lady Dustiness’s toughness… The lady with crimson eyes who seemed to be a Crimson Demon… With a team formed with such members, it’s understandable that you all could defeat a General of the Demon King’s army… Eh, but Kazuma-dono…”
For some reason, the white-suited woman was only looking at me with doubtful eyes.
She was probably bearing a grudge because her underwear was stolen.
At this moment, the fidgeting princess turned to the other woman.
That woman hadn’t spoken so far, or even moved at all. The princess whispered into the ears of the big sister mage that I forgot existed.
“Your Highness Iris. I think it would be better if you say these words personally. It’s fine; I’ve been observing all this while, and Kazuma-dono seems to be the type that dotes on girls of your type, Princess Iris.”
Oh, someone I’ve never met before was accusing me of being a lolicon.
The princess came before me with her head held low.
“… I’m sorry for calling you a liar… Will you tell me stories about your adventures in the future too?”
She lifted her head a little shyly.
“I would be glad to!”
“– Well then, we’ll be returning to the castle. Lady Dustiness and everyone. Sorry for troubling you.”
The big sister mage said to us.
Unlike earlier, the princess beside her had a lively smile befitting her age.
“We should be the ones thanking you for accommodating our shoddy reception… Your Highness Iris, let’s talk again the next time we meet at the castle. I’ll tell you all sorts of adventure tales when I visit.”
Darkness said with a warm smile, and the princess smiled back shyly.
These two looked just like a caring elder sister and a younger sister who admires her older sister.
The big sister mage looked at the two of them serenely and started chanting teleport magic.
… Great.
“Well then, the Kingdom will keep your grand accomplishments in our history books. We’ll present you with this to acknowledge your merits.”
The white-suited woman said as she passed a plaque and a bag of something to Darkness instead of me.
… That’s fine with me!
“I’m flattered… Princess Iris, please take care of yourself…!”
Darkness held on to the items and smiled warmly; at her side, Megumin was waving goodbye too.
“Your Highness, I’ll visit you some other day and share with you my tales of adventure.”
As I was saying that and went to wave at the princess.
The big sister mage completed her chant and the princess pulled my hand.
“What do you mean?”
The princess had a confused expression.
“Teleport!”
With the voice of the big sister mage, I, the princess, and the others were engulfed by light, and I closed my eyes.
When I opened them…
The princess was standing before a huge castle and smiling at me innocently.
When the princess grabbed my hand, I seemed to have been brought to the castle along with them.
“Princess Iris?”
The white-suited woman and the big sister mage yelled at the same time.
“Didn’t you promise that you’d tell me more stories of your adventures?”
The princess said with a smile.
As expected of the big boss of the nobles– Royalty really didn’t give a shit about others.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
The surroundings were completely engulfed by darkness, and the hour was late, a time when people should be sleeping.
Though it was so late,
“Welcome back, Princess Iris!”
There were many maids welcoming us as if they were waiting for Iris’s return.
This was the hall within the castle, located in the heart of the capital.
As I was thinking, ‘How the hell did things turn out like this?’ with my sluggish brain, I rushed to follow behind the princess.
I was led by the princess and the white-suited woman to a luxurious room at the top of the castle.
The white-suited woman said she needed to make some reports and went off somewhere, leaving just me, the princess, and the mage in the room.
People we met on the way didn’t question us, simply bowing before passing us by.
It might sound strange for me to be the one saying it, but was it fine to let a suspicious man like me wander around the royal castle?
What should I do? I really want to go back.
A short while ago, I was excitedly imagining what I should do if the princess appointed me as her knight, but the sudden abduction left me in a daze.
The princess whispered to the mage onee-san in front of me.
The mage nodded and said to me, full of smiles:
“Satou Kazuma-sama, welcome to the castle. You’re a guest, so please make yourself comfortable. Just treat this place as your home and rest easy. This is now your room… Well then, please continue with your tales of adventure! The princess said.”
“Pardon me, could I have a bit of your time, onee-san? Mage onee-san, this way please.”
When I heard what she said, I went to a corner of the room and gestured for the mage to follow.
“Is there anything I can do for you? … Ah, just call me Rain. You don’t need to use honorifics with me. I might be a noble, but I came from a small house that can’t compare with the Dustiness house. As the friend of Lady Dustiness, your status is probably higher than mine…”
The mage onee-san said something like this.
“I see. Well then, Rain-san, I’ve something to ask.”
“I already said there’s no need for honorifics… Using my name directly is fine too… What do you wish to ask?”
Rain seemed to feel it was a pity for some reason, but I wasn’t thick skinned enough to call an older aristocratic woman I’ve never met before by her name directly.
Also, I was just lectured at Darkness’s home by the white-suited woman for being insolent.
The other party might be agreeable to this, but Darkness who could cover for me if anything happened wasn’t here, so I didn’t dare to do as I pleased.
I kept one eye on the bored-looking princess and whispered:
“Um, Rain-san… I hope you can explain the situation… The princess said she’s treating me as a guest… But this is an abduction, right?”
“It’s not like that. We’re welcoming you as a guest. This isn’t an abduction.”
“No, this is obviously a kidnapping.”
Rain ignored my retort, bent forward slightly, and whispered:
“… Her highness Iris always restrains herself, acts like a model royal, is obedient, and won’t give trouble to others. This is the first time in her life that she has done something like this. In this city, Princess Iris had no playmates that matched her status and age. Since this is the first time Princess Iris is acting willfully, can you play with her for a short period of time?”
… Eh?
“No, no, no, even if you say that… To be frank, I finished all my adventuring stories just now. Can you tell that to Her Highness and let me go back? Just say that I’ve basically run out of adventuring tales the princess enjoys so much.”
After Rain heard what I said, she went back to the princess to explain my situation.
After that…
“I brought you here to get back at Lalatina a little bit for hitting me, it’s sort of a prank…”
The princess listened to Rain interpret with a depressed face.
“… Also, I felt envious after seeing Lalatina and you all having fun together… Sorry about the sudden willful request. Just for a bit, a few days, can you play with me? The princess said.”
… Wasn’t she rather cute?
Which meant she wanted me to be the princess’s playmate for the time being?
If I rejected her and spoiled the Princess’s mood, Darkness’s standing would fall too…
“… I understand. Well then, I’ll tell you about Darkness… Lalatina. Rain-san, my comrades will worry about me, could you inform them that I’ll be staying here for some time?”
Rain said, ‘I understand.’, and left the room in response to my request.
And of course, the only ones left in this luxurious room was the princess and me.
There were also two female knights standing by outside, probably the princess’s guards.
But was it fine for the young princess to be in the same room as a man so late at night? Would they be okay for a suspicious person they just met to stay with the princess? Well, it only turned out this way because of the princess’s willfulness, but if the king or some other big shot found out, would it antagonize them–? All sorts of negative thoughts flooded my head.
The princess smiled as if she had seen through my worries.
“Father, the general, and Onii-sama have set off on an expedition to the city near the frontlines in the war against the Demon King’s army. If nothing serious happens, it’ll be fine… When it’s just the two of us, just use the usual tone you take with Lalatina… No, you all address her as Darkness, right? Um, speak to me like how you usually do when you converse with Darkness… Please tell me about all sorts of things outside the castle.”
She sat on the bed inside the room as she said that.
The white-suited woman returned after sorting out the paperwork.
“Excuse me… Your Highness, the paperwork is done. Now, Kazuma-dono is now an official guest and can stay in the castle without worries…”
The story I was telling the princess was at its climax.
“And so, Darkness said, ‘Ugh… Why, why did it become like this…?’ and the naked Darkness went around to my back, her face blushing to the tips of her ears. Grabbing the towel tight, she shyly…!”
“Sh-Shyly…! Shyly did what…?”
“What shyly?! What nonsense are you telling Princess Iris?! Do you want to be turned into minced meat!?”
While the princess was leaning forward, engrossed in the story, the white-suited woman angrily shouted, drew her sword, and rushed before me as if to protect her.
“W-Wait a minute! Please wait! Iris asked me to…!”
“A mere adventurer dares address Princess Iris by her name…? You shall address her as ‘Princess’! And what’s with the tone you’re taking toward her!?”
How annoying!
“Hold it, Claire, I requested Kazuma-sama to address me by name. I also asked for him to speak in a natural way. I-Instead of that, Kazuma-sama, Lalatina she…! What did the naked Lalatina do after grabbing her towel tightly?”
“Princess Iris, no! You can’t ask that! Kazuma-dono, please don’t say such things to Her Highness! And, and why’s a peasant and Lady Dustiness, um… B-Bathing together… T-That’s a lie, right?”
The princess had been clenching her fist tightly on the bed and listening to my story, completely engrossed.
While the princess said, “Quick, quick!” to urge me to continue the story, I sat on the chair in the room and was bombarded with questions by the white-suited woman named Claire, who was as persistent as the princess.
“Everything I said is true. If you don’t believe me, you can test it out. There should be one of those things in such a big castle, right? The thing that rings loudly if you tell a lie, found in the police stations of large cities that are used during interrogations. If there’s one, I won’t mind you bringing it here.”
When she heard what I said, she seemed to understand that I wasn’t lying.
“I’ll take your word for it. I did doubt you at Dustiness’s mansion just now… H-However, please don’t tell such things to Princess Iris!”
Claire finally sheathed her sword, and said to me with a glare:
“Princess Iris will be the one to decide what she wants to listen. It doesn’t make sense for her to listen to the opinion of a minion like you. We were just getting to the good part before you came in and ruined the mood! Go away! I’m going to continue; can you please leave?”
“What a joke, how can I let you continue? And I’m not a minion, insolent fool! I’m the elder daughter of house Symphonia that can even match the house Dustiness which you’re so close with. As the escort of Her Highness…”
Ignoring Claire who was blowing her own horn for some reason, I said to the princess:
“Since the white-suited woman’s throwing a fit about this topic, let’s talk about something else.”
“W-What do you mean by white-suited woman, lowly brash man! Address me as Lady Claire! Ah, really, what’s with this man…? Lady Dustiness must’ve had a difficult time…!”
The princess was probably concerned about the persistent Claire and showed an expression as if thinking that it was a pity.
“It can’t be helped… It’s a pity, but let’s hear that story next time.”
Claire sighed deeply in relief when she heard the princess being so sensible.
I see, so it was true that she wasn’t willful normally.
“Well then, let’s talk about something else. I was having a competition with Darkness and we made a bet that the loser will receive an amazing punishment. In the end, I won and…”
“H-Hurry up and tell me! Please tell me about this!”
“No, you can’t! You can’t Your Highness, don’t listen to what this man’s saying! This man’s a good for nothing!”
It was probably deep into the night.
Claire, who had been listening to my stories together with the princess all this while, had been busy raging, raging, and raging again.
Drowsily laying on the bed the princess was sitting on, Claire probably got exhausted from being angry and dozed off.
As for the princess, she really liked my stories and had no intention to sleep at all.
We had become friendly with each other and started talking in casual tones.
And I shared all my stories of adventure and things about my comrades until I ran out…
“Really? Please tell me in detail about this school place and its cultural festival!”
“Details… Er, kids about Iris’s age will perform all sorts of practical activities. Such as running a cafe-like shop.”
The topic shifted to the country I was from.
I didn’t say that it was an alternate world, just that it was a faraway nation.
I only mentioned how my school life was like, and the princess looked so envious as she imagined about this unknown country.
There were no monsters, and children about the princess’s age peacefully learned and played each day.
It was a boring everyday life to me, but to the princess…
“What a fantastic and happy place. That really is… Ah, but running a shop with people my age… What should we do if we get bad customers who refuse to pay? And it’ll take a lot of people to run the shop, right? Can we really earn enough profit to pay everyone…?”
Thinking back, it was quite an envious life.
I smiled and looked at the princess who was much younger than me.
“Running the shop is for our own enjoyment… Not to make money. Honestly, it’s like we are pretending to run a shop. Everyone will wear the same uniform and tout for customers outside. We’re only doing this because it’s fun.”
After hearing what I said, the princess had an envious and somewhat lonely look.
That was to be expected; this girl was the princess after all.
She didn’t have normal peasant friends and couldn’t go to school.
Plus, aside from the highly knowledgeable and independent Crimson Demons, there wasn’t mandatory education in this world.
Now that I think about it, while the scale was small, the Crimson Demons were really intelligent if they implemented a system to send all their children to school.
… Leaving their personality aside.
The princess muttered enviously… School.
I thoughtlessly said to the princess:
“If you want to, how about building a school here? I think it’d be very beneficial for the kingdom.”
When she heard what I said, the princess wanted to say something but held her piece.
…?
As I was feeling baffled, bells that echoed through the night sounded out.
The sleeping Claire jumped up from the bed when she heard that.
She just woke up, but Claire immediately regained her usual calm composure.
“… So, it’s here again.”
She muttered to herself as she got up and charged out of the room.
What did she mean by ‘again’?
Before I even asked, a loud voice ruptured through the quiet night.
That was the broadcast that I would sometimes hear in Axel when there was an emergency quest.
“Demon King’s army alert, Demon King’s army alert! The knight corps have already mobilized. All adventurers please maintain the peace and security within the city and stop any monsters from sneaking in. All high-level adventurers please come forth to assist!”
After hearing that broadcast, the princess had a lonely and fragile smile.
“With how things are, I can’t leisurely focus on academics.”
She mumbled to herself.
I remembered what Aqua said to me before I came to this world.
Ah, this world was in trouble because of the Demon King.
“We’ve successfully suppressed the assault of the Demon King’s army. Thank you for your assistance, adventurers. We’ll reward everyone who took part in the emergency quest. Please head to the adventurer’s guild counter…”
This broadcast was heard less than one hour after Claire rushed out with her sword.
It was resolved splendidly.
However, this was the royal capital. Were things going that badly that even such a place suffered an attack?
What were those people with cheats from Japan doing? I wished they could be more serious about this.
They’ll probably shoot back, ‘That’s not what someone as useless as you should say.’
Really, I want to leave this dangerous place that’s so close to the front lines.
I wonder if my thoughts were reflected on my face.
“Thank you for telling me so many interesting things. Rain will send you back to your town tomorrow… May I trouble you to tell Lalatina that I’m sorry for bringing you to this place…? It might not be the frontlines, but it’ll be attacked every now and then, so it isn’t completely safe.”
The princess probably said this out of concern for me.
… That’s right, I wouldn’t be able to protect the city or be of use even if I stayed here.
I felt bad for Her Highness, but it’d be better for me to leave this dangerous place soon.
“Thank you for accommodating my willfulness tonight, Kazuma-sama… If there’s the chance, may you tell me stories of your adventures again?”
Her Highness said with a smile befitting her age.
… Isn’t she cute?
I didn’t mind telling tales of my adventures to this girl, sheltered by her vassals in this huge castle and without any friends her age…
I was slightly moved by the innocent smile of this traditional, beautiful girl, and in order to hide my emotions, I replied with a smile:
“Of course. To be frank, I’m quite timid and wished to go back earlier… But, um, for Iris’s sake, I’ll gather all sorts of stories of adventures and come back again.”
When she heard what I said, Her Highness, with joy from the bottom of her heart, said shyly:
“Hehe, thank you. I feel that you’re just like my Onii-sama from long ago. He might be my Onii-sama by blood, but royal siblings will become strangers after some time. My own brother won’t chat with me like this anymore… I wish you can stay with me a while longer, but if I keep acting so willfully…”
“What did you say just now?”
I asked after hearing the princess’s casual chatter.
“… Eh? W-Well… I said that I wish you can stay with me awhile longer…”
Her Highness replied shyly.
No, not that part.
“What did you say before that? Before that line, what am I like…?”
The princess heard what I said and replied:
“Um… I feel that you’re just like my Onii-sama from long ago…”
“Please say it again.”
Her Highness was a bit troubled but she still humored me:
“Y-You’re like my Onii-sama.”
“Can you say it more intimately, again…”
She said to me:
“Like my Onii-chan.”
And so, I chose to stay in this castle.
There was knocking on the door that wasn’t too loud or displeasing.
I opened my eyes after hearing that sound and felt confused by the unfamiliar room I was sleeping in.
“Kazuma-sama, have you woken? I’m here to bring you breakfast.”
After hearing that voice from outside the door, I remembered what happened last night.
That’s right. I would be staying in this castle from this day forth.
“Good morning, I’m up.”
I shouted toward the door and an elderly man with white hair entered after saying ‘pardon me’.
I pushed myself off the bed and saw that elderly man, who was probably a butler, pushing a breakfast cart in.
I’ll call him Sebastian then.
“Today’s breakfast is Lesser Dragon Bacon with fried egg, and salad with plenty of asparagus. Please choose a bread you prefer to go with your meal. The salad’s made from fresh ingredients picked earlier this morning. The asparagus have powerful attacks, be careful not to get hit.”
The elderly man said plenty of things that I wanted to nitpick, placed breakfast beside my bed, and excused himself.
It was a surprise that the powerful dragons in fantasy worlds were served to me as a bacon, but the high attack power of asparagus made me concerned too.
Let’s start with the low difficulty item…
Without any care for etiquettes, I propped myself up on the bed and poked the fried egg with my fork.
“Chu.”
… Chu?
I was very surprised when the fried egg made such a sound. While I was inspecting the plate carefully, my door was knocked once again.
“Please come in.”
I gave up eating the egg and answered. The door opened gently.
And then…
“… G-Good morning…”
Hiding half of her body behind the door, Iris softly, and shyly, said.
– Iris kept fidgeting behind the door, staying there without entering.
What was it with such a refreshing reaction?
If it were the group of females normally around me–they would either shout in front of my door, barge in or threaten to break the door with magic if I didn’t come out.
“… M-Morning, Your Highness Iris. We chatted for so long last night but you still got up very early.”
“Um, if you can speak to me as intimately as yesterday, it’ll make me very happy…”
The two of us greeted each other stiffly and looked at each other.
We were close last night, but that was at night and both of us were rather hyped back then.
Iris had calmed down in the morning.
She shyly glanced at me from time to time.
“Is that so? How about trying it again?”
“Yes! … G-Good morning. O-O-Onii-chan…!”
My mood improved drastically because of her ‘Onii-chan’, but I would frighten Iris if I stood up suddenly.
Keeping in mind I needed to act gentlemanly, I got down from the bed and spoke with a casual smile.
Probably feeling embarrassed because of my mature actions, Iris blushed slightly. She looked very cute like this.
“Good morning, Iris.”
“… Um, please wear your pants…”
– After tidying my attire and finishing my meal, I took a walk around the castle together with Iris.
“That’s not it, Iris. Onii-sama’s not a pervert. It just happened that I didn’t have my pajamas with me so I slept in my underwear.”
“I get it, I get it, so stop talking about that, Onii-sama!”
After that incident in the morning, Iris refused to address me as ‘Onii-chan’.
Onii-sama felt distant, which made me a little sad.
When I asked what I should do in the castle, I was told that I just needed to tell Iris about something she didn’t know or was of interest to her.
“Which means I just need to be Iris’s teacher.”
“No, not really. My teachers are Claire and Rain, so Onii-sama is, er, my playmate…”
Walking beside me, Iris softened her voice from guilt, and finally lowered her head.
The one with the highest status in this city was this child, so she could just state what she wanted and let the others abide by her will.
Was there a way to correct her introverted personality?
A child receiving such a high level of education was surprisingly mature, so she had probably considered how her actions would affect those around her.
She was aware of the authority royalty wielded and how much trouble she would cause by being willful.
The mage Rain told me that bringing me to the castle was the first time she acted willfully.
She also wanted to get back at Darkness by bringing me here, but it wasn’t a bad deal to enjoy a luxurious lifestyle just by being a playmate.
While we were discussing all of this, Iris and I made it to the courtyard.
There was a table with a parasol and chairs with a board game laid out.
“I don’t have lessons today, so I hope you can play this game with me…”
Iris asked timidly, as if she was afraid that her invitation would be rejected.
I sat on the chair and said while placing the pieces onto the board.
“I’m not a vassal of Iris’s house, so I won’t drag it into a draw and lose on purpose. If we’re going to play, we should go about it seriously. I don’t think I’ll lose in a game, all right? Are you fine with that?”
“O-Okay! That’s what I’d prefer! No one in the castle wants to be my opponent out of reverence for me! I’m fine with losing! It’s fine even if I lose, so please have a game with me!”
“That’s the spirit! Don’t cry if you lose, okay? If I make the princess cry, it’ll be troubling in all sorts of ways! I’m going for it! If we’re going to do this seriously, we should bow before we start. Please take care of me!”
“Please take care of me!”
And so, I took up a piece from the board…!
“… Um, um, the sky’s getting dark. May we call it a day?”
“Don’t joke with me, you want to run after winning? Didn’t I tell you that you must give it your all? I can finally see through Iris’s moves, just a bit more and I can win! By the way, don’t even think about going easy on me because you want to end this early! I’ll know if you lose on purpose!”
“You’re the one who wanted to play seriously, so how did it turn out like this? Onii-sama’s so troublesome!”
“Shut up! I hate this game anyway! I have a comrade who likes this game too, and it irritates me whenever I see her use Teleport!”
“Even if you tell me that–!”
Shocked by our arguing, Claire rushed toward us.
“I came to get Princess Iris because dinner’s ready–but what are you doing? What kind of tone is that? And stop throwing tantrums! Admit your loss obediently and go to the dining hall before the food gets cold! Don’t give Iris unnecessary troubles!”
“Damn it, we’ll decide on the match tomorrow since Claire’s interfering! But I’ll definitely win next time!”
“A kid! Onii-sama’s a kid!”
“Onii-sama? Y-Your Highness Iris, by ‘onii-sama’ you mean this man?”
The sound of Claire and I arguing reverberated in the classy and quiet castle.
From this day forth, I took up the role of being the princess’s playmate.
Rain’s voice came from inside the room.
“– And that’s why each generation of royalty’s born with more talent than normal people. Taking the heroes who defeated the Demon King into the family as a husband is not simply to reward the hero.”
She seemed to be teaching history, but I knocked on the door without hesitation.
“… Kazuma-sama, my apologies. Now’s the time for Iris’s lessons, so can you come back later?”
The teacher Rain said expressionlessly.
“How long is ‘later’? Five minutes?”
“No, the history lesson will last until evening…”
As I looked into the room, Iris saw me and became a bit restless.
This seemed to be the first time someone invited her to play, so she was happy about it.
However, she didn’t mention that she wanted to stop the lesson and play outside, and seemed a bit troubled.
“It can’t be helped then; I’ll kill some time outside.”
“That’s a big help. I won’t keep you then…”
I walked out of the room as Rain sighed in relief.
Iris seemed a bit lonely when I left the room, but it couldn’t be helped.
I went to the courtyard and prepared myself right below Iris’s classroom…
“I want to fly freely in the sky~ Go, bamboo dragonfly!”
I loudly sang the song everyone knew and set off the bamboo dragonfly Vanir refused to develop. At this moment, the window opened suddenly.
“Kazuma-sama! Iris’s attention is drawn to outside the window! Please don’t sing and play over there!”
– Killing time while disrupting the lesson, I finally grinded through the time and saw Iris charging here. It seemed that she had finished her lesson.
“Onii-sama, what’s that magic item just now? You looked like you were having so much fun, can you let me play too…?”
Iris probably rushed here and was out of breath.
“Oh, you mean this? This is a high quality magic item that’s been enchanted with wind magic. There are no limits to its usage. You just need to turn it like this and it’ll fly off.”
“How amazing! A magic item with unlimited usage– Isn’t that a divine class item?”
I handed the bamboo dragonfly to Iris who believed me easily.
“If you play that game with me and accept my condition, I can give it to you if you like.”
“R-Really? I accept, I accept! Please tell me what the condition is!”
– Ten minutes later.
“Checkmate! Yeah! I’m the winner!”
“All right, all right, it’s my loss. Really, onii-sama’s just like a kid.”
“Oh? Acting all high and mighty after you lost. Okay, I’ll give you the bamboo dragonfly as agreed.”
“Thank, thank you very much! … But, is this really fine? Just giving up one chess piece as a handicap for a magic item…”
Iris held the bamboo dragonfly preciously and said with guilt.
… Suddenly someone spoke to us.
“So you’re here, Princess Iris. Leaving me, your escort, behind and running off by yourself is really… Uwah, Kazuma-sama. Is that a bamboo dragonfly? An adventurer with a strange name I met in the past made something similar for me.”
Rain seemed to have been searching for Iris, who dashed out the moment the lesson ended.
“Rain knows how this magic item’s made? Amazing, this can rival a divine class item…!”
“Magic item? No, this is made from bamboo. It’s something like a toy for kids. Anyone can make one after learning the way to craft it…”
Before Rain even finished, Iris glared at me with tears in her eyes.
“Onii-sama’s a liar! I won’t acknowledge such schemes; the match just now doesn’t count!”
“Oh, what about it? I already said yesterday that I’ll give my best to win. If I’m not as good as the opponent, I just need to gain an advantage in some other way. The situation right now is that I found Iris’s weak point of being unworldly and won a tactical victory… Refusing to admit your loss, Your Highness Iris’s so hard to please!”
“Then, then one more match! We’ll do it again! The same conditions as just now!”
“Oh my, it’s almost time for dinner. Look, Claire’s here to fetch us. Today’s my complete victory.”
Iris requested for a rematch but I rejected her, the opposite of what happened yesterday.
The one who saw us like this was Claire, who came to fetch us for dinner–
“Are you trying to run after winning? That’s so unfair, one more time! Help me convince him, Claire! Please!”
“Hey, Claire, tell Iris the exact same phrase you told me yesterday! Tell her to admit her loss obediently and go to the dining hall before the food gets cold! Say it, quick! Don’t take her side just because she’s a princess!”
Caught between us, Claire was at a loss–
“– Iris, have you thought about going outside to play? I don’t mean going to a city like Axel, but to hike around and go sightseeing. There are many things in this world that we don’t understand. There might be weird devils with good reputations in the neighborhood or a friendly lich that eats bread crumbs as her standard meal.”
After Iris finished her lesson in the morning, we went to the balcony of Iris’s room, which was at the top most level, and played games while drinking tea.
“If I leave the castle, an order of knights would need to be assigned to be my escort. And I’m not permitted to leave the capital alone without my vassals… Also, there’s no way such devils and liches exist. Please don’t look down on me because I’m unworldly… Teleport to this grid.”
Iris moved her chess piece on the board as she stared at me with doubtful eyes.
She seemed to be wary of me because of what happened yesterday.
Rain who was beside me didn’t join in the conversation and simply poured tea into the empty teacup.
After moving my piece, I said:
“You don’t believe me, huh? In this world there are many things that can’t be explained with common sense. Did you know that while fish are normally caught in the sea or river, mackerel are caught in the farmlands?”
“That’s obviously a lie, okay?”
“I-It’s true! When I was working in a restaurant, I was asked to go to the farm behind to catch mackerel!”
“That, that’s… Onii-sama was fooled…”
Rain whispered to Iris who said something rude:
“Your Highness Iris, Kazuma-sama’s not lying. Mackerel are caught in the fields.”
“Is that true? How can it be…? A dog flying in the sky would be more believable…”
“I’ve never seen a dog flying in the sky, but I did see a cat that spit fire before.”
“That’s definitely a lie! Liar! You’re a big liar!!”
“It’s true! My comrade has one!!”
“Ka-Kazuma-sama, that’s really…”
“You too, Rain? Damn it, I didn’t lie this time!!”
Iris said to me as I was rapping the table in frustration.
“You lost focus, onii-sama. My plan worked! All right, it’s my win!”
She checked me with a smile that befitted her age.
Iris was becoming more and more witty lately.
The honest and straightforward Iris that I met was gone.
… Really, it was great that she was smiling more, but I think she was completely looking down on me.
And as a gamer, I couldn’t accept losing in games indefinitely.
Even if it was to get back the dignity of an elder brother, I needed to make it clear with her who was better.
It had almost been a week since I came to this castle.
Iris had gradually grown close to me and I had also gotten used to life in the castle.
– It was probably noon.
Iris’s schedule today was to have lessons until three in the afternoon.
That day.
After waking up, I didn’t plan to get down from my soft bed, but clapped my hands instead.
This was to summon the butler before the door.
The one who appeared was an elderly man with white hair wearing the attire of a butler.
“What can I do for you, Kazuma-sama.”
I said to the elderly man bowing deeply at me.
“May I trouble you to prepare some coffee to freshen me up, Sebastian?”
That’s right, my personal butler, Sebastian.
“It’s Heidel.”
“Thank you, Heidel.”
It was Heidel.
After asking for coffee from the butler Heidel, I laid down onto my bed again.
There was another task waiting for me to begin the day.
The maid Mary will come and change the sheets later.
However, I couldn’t let her change the sheets so easily.
I had to obstruct the maid in all sorts of ways to stop her from completing her work.
This was the hobby of the nobles.
That’s what Darkness said when I made her act like a maid, so it can’t be wrong.
Before Iris’s lessons end, I’ll kill time by teasing the maid.
Finally, there was a knocking on the door.
“Good morning Mary. Don’t think I’ll let you change the sheets so easily, all right? Come, if you want to quickly finish changing the sheets and go about your other chores, you need to say this. ‘Master, please…’”
But the one who entered was Darkness.
“… Master, please…? What’s next Kazuma? Go on, let everyone here have a listen. Continue.”
Behind Darkness, who had a scarily serious expression, was the dumbstruck Aqua and Megumin.
“M-Master, please allow me to use the sheets filled with your fragrance…”
“Do what to the sheets filled with your fragrance? What, isn’t sexual harassment the norm for you? Stop acting shy and hurry up! Say it to everyone here!”
“S-Spare me…! Anyway, what are you doing here Darkness? This room’s a sanctuary bestowed to me! Who gave you permission to come in?”
Hearing me lash out in frustration, Darkness’s brow started to burrow…!
“You’re asking me why I’m here? To bring you back, of course! Really, how long are you going to trouble them here? Go back with me at once! Why, why did you do something so out of place? Megumin was so worried about you being caught up in some trouble and couldn’t sleep!”
“I-I’m not that worried! I just happened to stay up a few nights. Don’t misunderstand!”
I wanted to question Megumin who was making excuses in a panic, but I heard something that I couldn’t just ignore.
“Don’t joke with me, I took up the position of Iris’s playmate! I want to live happily in this castle, don’t get in the way of my peaceful life!”
“Moron! There’s no such job in this country! Listen up Kazuma. You’ve no reason to stay in here. It’s bad to keep a man with an unknown background in the castle!”
“Then I’ll be Iris’s teacher or something! That unworldly princess who gets deceived easily will be trained properly by me! By the way, what about you? In terms of unworldliness, you’re on the same level as Iris!”
“Why, you really…! Teacher huh, I’ve already heard all that from Claire! Because of you, Iris received weird influences! When she was taking military and battle tactic lessons, she’d use absurd strategies or despicable methods…! Unlike adventurers, royalties and knights have to fight honorably! Don’t teach her your unscrupulous way of fighting! Aqua, you tell him too!!”
Having been called by Darkness, Aqua, who was furious, said to me with her hands on her hips:
“That’s right, it’s not fair that only Kazuma gets to live in the castle! Everyone worked together to defeat the Demon King’s Generals, right? If Kazuma gets to live in the castle, I should be able to live here too!”
“Be quiet Aqua, you’re making things more complicated!”
While Aqua was complaining that it was unfair for me to get the rewards alone, Darkness pushed her and took a step forward.
“Huh, what? You lost the last time we competed, and yet you still want to challenge me? I thought of you as a muscle-brained sheltered lady, but you actually lack the ability to learn, huh? I want to live a carefree and happy life in this safe castle. Go back if you don’t want me to make you cry!”
“… All right, I’ll take you on. Everyone, please wait outside the room for a while.”
Darkness, wearing a one-piece dress and completely unarmed, said that to me.
The group shuffled out of the room when they heard that, while I smiled with confidence.
“Are you serious? You think you can win without your armor and weapon? You’re wearing just a flimsy and pretty dress today. If you take a hit from my Steal that has certain kill properties in battle, you’ll end up in a disastrous state.”
“Just try me.”
Darkness said curtly, treating my words as baseless intimidation.
“… Do you really understand? If you wear so little, you’ll end up naked after taking three hits from Steal. I can still forgive you now…”
“I said try me.”
Darkness cut me off and took another step forward.
“Hey, are you kidding me? Is this really okay? I really will do it, all right?”
“I’ve already said it, try me if you dare! It’s just you and me here! Come, strip me now if you dare!”
This girl didn’t care about that!
“Wait, I get it, let’s talk this over calmly!”
“There’s nothing to talk about, I’ve already steeled myself! You can sexually harass others lightly, but you’re a coward who doesn’t dare to cross that line, so strip me if you can! If you strip me and push me down, you can do whatever you want to me! Try me if you have the guts!”
“The one in charge of the erotic stuff! You really are the one in charge of the erotic stuff! I’ll call you Eroness from now on! Ahhh, it’s breaking, it’s breaking! I’m sorry for lying! Some, someone save me!”
Darkness easily grabbed my wrist and pushed me face down. I cried at the door for help.
The one who responded was…
“Um, um… Lalatina…! Please don’t overdo it…”
Having finished her lessons early, Iris had come to look for me to play.
Iris seemed a little timid, but she still raised her head and spoke out.
She was hit by Darkness once before, but even so, my sister still tried to help me bravely–
“Princess Iris, you can’t spoil this man! He’s a lustful beast wearing the skin of a man. He’ll bathe together with any girl he sees or steal their panties with skills. That’s the kind of man he is. I’ll be the sacrifice, so Your Highness, please wait outside…!
After Iris leaves, I’ll give this girl hell like what she said.
Specifically speaking, I mean stripping her.
Don’t think I’ll just be gutless until the very end…!
Iris seemed really depressed when Darkness said that.
“……”
She didn’t say a word and fell into lonely silence.
“Ugh… P-Princess Iris…”
Even Darkness found it hard to handle Iris.
Seeing how lonely Iris looked, I maintained my posture and shouted:
“Hey~ Making the Princess so sad, you’re really the worst, ow, ow ow!”
“You shut up! … Your Highness Iris, please listen to me. In the town of Axel, this man has some fame as an adventurer. His friends will worry about him if he goes missing. We came here today out of concern for him too… That’s why, may you please let this man go?”
Iris nodded gently with a sad expression when she heard what Darkness said.
“… You’re right. Sorry for being so willful…”
Work hard Iris, just a bit more!
Don’t give up! you have the highest authority in this castle! You can afford to be more willful!
Iris who was lowering her head suddenly raised it and faced Darkness.
“Lalatina, in that case, at least for tonight… May I host a farewell dinner party…?”
She pleaded hesitantly.
A dinner party for nobles and royalty.
It was simply too extravagant.
“Hey Kazuma, this is super delicious! This natural melon together with dry-cured ham! This seems to be really fresh wild honeydew; it’s really juicy.”
“Kazuma, Kazuma, this is really tasty too… Nom. The high class pudding on the sushi complements the wasabi and soy sauce! I don’t know what dish this is, but the sticky sweetness is mixing with the sauce, making it thick but not greasy…!”
Watching my companions ferociously dig into their food, I understood how out of place we commoners were.
We borrowed suits and dresses from the castle to dress up so our appearances matched the event. However, our atmosphere was out of place when compared to the other guests.
Several bartenders hired for this occasion stood at a corner of the hall and mixed cocktails according to the wishes of the guests. But Aqua felt it was a hassle to go to them for seconds, so she dragged her table filled with food before the bartenders and started feasting there.
Next to me, Megumin was hastily filling her empty containers with food.
Normally, someone who’d feel embarrassed by this would restrain them…
“Lady Dustiness, considering that you dislike them, it really is a rare sight to see you at such a party! Ara, I’m so glad that I came tonight! Thanks to that, I get to see the beautiful you!”
“Lady Dustiness, is your father Lord Ignis doing well? I once served under Lord Ignis when I was young…”
“Ah, Lady Dustiness! I thank the goddess of luck Eris for letting me meet you tonight! I’ve heard of your beauty for the longest time, but you’re more beautiful than I imagined…!”
“Really, seeing is believing! Compared to your beauty, even the mystical flower that blooms for one night every century, the moonlight rose, loses its luster before you! I know of a place that’ll suit you. After this party’s done, may I have the honor of escorting you?”
“No, no, no, sir, your house’s probably not good enough to accomodate Lady Dustiness. Please allow me to…”
Darkness was surrounded by a group of nobles, basking in their compliments that reeked of sourness.
As for Darkness herself, she probably had gotten used to such situations, as she declined their invitations tactfully with a gentle smile.
“Thank you everyone for your warm reception. I’m not used to parties, so I hope everyone will go easy on me.”
I wanted to ask ‘Who are you?’.
The face of Darkness who was acting like a quiet and gentle lady was cramping.
Maybe she was having a hard time too.
But she was really popular.
And those surrounding Darkness were young handsome guys with blonde hair and blue eyes.
……
“So there you are, Lalatina. Oh, you’re really popular huh, Lalatina. Your dress suits you really well today, don’t you agree, Lalatina?”
I suddenly sauntered up to her and addressed her as Lalatina continuously, making Darkness spit out the red wine in her mouth.
“Puah! Cough, ex-excuse me!”
The nobles around her all looked at me in surprise as Darkness wiped her mouth with a handkerchief, tears in her eyes.
“Why the sudden comments, adventurer comrade Satou Kazuma-sama? It’ll trouble me if you keep calling me by that name in such a place. You sure are mischievous. Won’t that lead the others to misunderstand our relationship?”
She maintained her pretty smile and said with strong emphasis on the ‘adventurer comrade’ part.
Really, who are you?
When they heard what Darkness said, the tension of the nobles eased.
“Haha, I was surprised when he addressed Lady Dustiness directly by name. In order to protect the people from monsters and out of interest, Lady Dustiness dabs into the adventurer’s line of work. Ara ara, I almost misunderstood their relationship to be closer than imagined.”
“Well said. However, as expected of Lady Dustiness’s companion, his joke is straight to the point. It might just be a prank, but I’m envious that he gets to address Lady Dustiness directly by name.”
“Very true, what an enviable position to be in… Speaking of which, has Lady Dustiness been betrothed to anyone yet? If not, please allow me to present myself as the lucky man who’d get to address you by your name…”
“No, the honor should be left to me who has been proposing to the Dustiness house all this time…”
The aristocrats started persuading Darkness again, keeping each other in check and refusing to leave Darkness alone.
I was impressed by these handsome guys with money and power.
They sure were persistent and brimming with confidence.
Just when I was about to drop another bomb to tease her.
“– For Lady Dustiness who’s been contributing greatly in recent years, there should be a more suitable candidate. At least, it’s not any of the gentlemen gathered here.”
The man who interjected the conversation with such lofty words seemed really familiar.
Hairy body with thinning hair, a huge and fat middle aged man.
“Lord Alderp, that comment’s really hurtful…”
Naturally, I won’t forget the lord of Axel town who tried to frame me and get me executed.
“Why the hell are you here?”
“You, it’s you! You were the one who teleported the core of the destroyer to my mansion! I ended up having to rebuild it! Before the mansion in Axel’s finished, I can only stay in my villa inside the capital! And why’s a mere peasant using ‘the hell’ before me? Address me as Lord Alexei!”
Alderp yelled at me angrily.
So this old man has a villa, how rich.
“By the way, Lord Alderp, who’s the man who can match Lady Dustiness? I heard some rumors that you’re really obsessed with Lady Dustiness, could it be…”
The group pestering Darkness who was interrupted said sarcastically.
“Of course, it’s not referring to me. Ah, and not my boy too, all right? For Lady Dustiness, leaving her prestigious house aside, we have to consider her personal achievements. And so, there’s only one man who’s fit to be with Lady Dustiness.”
Alderp said mysteriously with a face of confidence.
A man who can match Darkness in terms of accomplishments.
“You mean me?”
“Things will become complicated, so shut up! Go over there and play with Aqua or Megumin!”
Maybe she couldn’t spare the effort anymore, but Darkness’s mask started cracking as she lashed out at me.
Alderp ignored our exchange and said with a smile:
“He’s the man commanding our forces alongside His Majesty in the war against the Demon King’s army, His Highness, the First Prince Jatis. Normally, Lady Dustiness will need to take in a husband in order to inherit her father’s title, but they just need to have more children and let the younger one inherit the Dustiness house.”
The aristocrats all had a defeated expression when they heard that.
“Lord Dustiness who always worked in the frontlines is a given, and Lady Dustiness who defeated several bosses of the Demon King’s army is also a hero of the kingdom. Marrying his daughter into the royal family will be a fitting reward for Lord Dustiness. And the couple will definitely produce strong, beautiful, and excellent heirs… How about it, aren’t they the perfect match?”
I remember that this old man has a strange obsession toward Darkness.
Did he realize that Darkness was beyond his reach no matter how much he struggled and finally given up?
“In-Indeed…”
“The perfect match made in heaven…”
The nobles reluctantly backed off after hearing those words.
When Darkness was about to say something.
“Hey, what about your complicated relationship with me? Lalatina, are you going to ditch me?”
“?”
Everyone fell into shock after they heard my revelation.
“You, you, you, what are you saying out of the blue…? Come now, don’t pull such an incredible prank, Kazuma-sama. I did mention that such mischief will trouble me in such a setting, right?”
Darkness reached out to me with a smile, as if she wanted to lock hands with a man she was close to.
I dodged nimbly.
“Lalatina, think back to our sweet moments together! Didn’t we spend every day living under the same roof, and even bathed together? Didn’t you wash my back? Recently, you’ve even called me ‘Master’ in a special type of play…”
“Kazuma-sama, something incredible will happen if your mischief goes too far!”
To fend off Darkness who charged at me without any regard, I took her straight on, pushing each other with our hands clasped high.
“Oh, are you sure this is a good idea Lalatina? Displaying your monstrous strength before the lords and nobles? I’m at fault for stirring things up, but you need to marry someone eventually, right? And you’re at the age where it’d be terrible for a noble if you don’t marry, isn’t it? Young lady, if you show off that strength, no one will want you, ahhh!!!”
“Ara ara, Kazuma-dono, what exemplary acting! I’m not using much force, but you’re acting as if I am! I wonder what’ll happen if I go at it seriously? Do you want to experience my power after I levelled up?”
“You’re going overboard with your joke, Dustiness-sama!”
– I only felt a little guilty.
Or rather, I felt angry seeing Darkness being this popular and naturally went to disturb her.
It was the feeling of seeing a female friend you were close to but don’t want to date, but felt repulsed about her becoming someone else’s girlfriend.
I was blinded by the rewards and pushed for Darkness’s marriage not too long ago, but now I’m getting in her way after I became rich.
It was regrettable, but I’m really willful.
The party was supposedly held in my honor, but thanks to Darkness attracting all the attention, I was basically ignored.
… I won’t be happy about noble guys surrounding me, and I didn’t feel lonely either.
The aristocratic ladies were chatting with Aqua and Megumin, asking them what brand of shampoo they used and what kind of soap they prefer.
Yup, those girls look fine as long as they keep their gaps shut.
… I wasn’t envious or anything…!
“– What are you doing in a place like this?”
Iris said to me as I was leaning against the wall in the corner, watching everyone enjoying themselves.
“Iris, as expected of Iris! How gentle and considerate, Iris! I was by myself and all alone at the party, you’re a great sister, Iris!”
“N-Not really…”
When I showered her with praise, Iris muttered softly and lowered her blushing face.
Oh?
Recently, she’d come to me unhesitantly and talk back, but she was really docile tonight.
Iris leaned against the wall beside me with her face flushed.
As it was a party within the castle, that annoying Claire won’t stick by Iris’s side.
Iris looked at the dazzling hall.
“From tomorrow onward, this castle will quiet down too. The one that made Claire angry and troubled Rain has to go back…”
She said softly as she leaned against the wall.
“The two of them thought of me as an eyesore for the entire week. Isn’t it great for the castle to become quiet? In my mansion, everyday is like a riot. If I could have one wish, I would wish to have a peaceful life.”
Iris who glanced at me from time to time while leaning on the wall had a sad smile.
… What was happening, just seeing her lonely actions tightened my chest.
Was I such an easy man?
“I shouldn’t say this since I treated you like a little sister from day one, but Iris, you’ve gotten so close to me just after one week.”
To avoid being noticed that I was moved by a twelve-year-old kid, I tried diverting the topic.
“Did I trouble you?”
When she looked up and told me that shyly, I was shaken even further.
“No, I’m really happy about this. However, I was wondering why you like someone like me so much.”
Somehow, I kept my stiff voice from leaking out, and Iris giggled.
And then…
“This is the first time I’ve met someone like you. Everyone keeps on their toes around me and showers me with concern. Only one person was lofty, rude, merciless, and taught all sorts of weird things to me. Even though I’m royalty, he even went all out to compete with me without any semblance of acting like an adult…”
“Hey, I didn’t ask you to list out things about me that you’re unhappy about. I’m asking what you like about me, all right?”
I expressed my doubt after hearing Iris’s words.
“But I am listing out the reasons I like you.”
She said with a happy smile…
Damn, she was really cute!
Be it Eris-sama or Iris– Why do all the prim and proper girls have such a huge barrier between us?
No, I only see Iris as my sister.
Just treat her like a twelve-year-old kid!
“By the way, my win-loss records are better in that game, so it’s my victory, right?”
“Hey, what do you mean by that? Toward the end we split the games 50-50, or rather, I’ve had more overwhelming wins. If we play on, it’ll definitely be my victory.”
“Can’t you just admit your loss honestly? Onii-sama’s really a kid!”
“Ara, declaring your victory against a child, aren’t you a child too?”
After arguing with Iris momentarily, we finally got tired of it and leaned against the wall once again.
Really, being so stubborn to the end.
That might be so, but recently, Iris seemed happy even when she was bickering with me.
After that, Iris and I fell silent and stared at the party absentmindedly.
We talked a lot during this one week together. I both made her mad and made her smile. But for some reason, both of us were quiet.
Aqua and Megumin were stuffing themselves with food, and Darkness was still being swarmed by nobles.
“My time spent with you during this one week will definitely be a precious memory for me…”
Iris muttered to herself while looking at this scene.
“I’m really envious of Lalatina. She must be having fun every day…”
She said with a lonely smile.
… She got this close to me in just one week?
If I go back, the child will need to suppress her personality to fulfil her obligation as royalty and act as a responsible, good child.
… Wasn’t there any way for me to stay in this castle?
How about asking her to appoint me as a knight?
No, no, no, it’d be hard for a weakling like me to get into the Knight Corps, even with Iris and Darkness’s influence. And the reason why I was being chased out was because of the bad influence I was giving Iris, and the fact that I wasn’t contributing to this castle meaningfully.
… Maybe a General of the Demon King’s army will happen to attack?
If I defeat one of the Demon King’s Generals elegantly, my place here will be acknowledged by others, and my slightly willful request will be granted.
It’ll be fine even if it isn’t something that grand; what I wanted was an accomplishment that’ll let me stay in the capital.
I felt that there’d be less resistance against me that way…
While I was thinking over this silently, Iris said:
“I want to be an adventurer just like Lalatina. All generations of royalty possess high potential for using magic, right? I probably can’t be a Crusader like Lalatina… But what about a Mage or a Priest? Or maybe… A Thief! Being something like the chivalrous thief that’s the talk of the city would be nice! But would Claire be angry if I say that I want to be a Thief?”
She giggled after saying so…
“… Hmm? What did you just say?”
Iris suddenly lifted her head and looked at me, tilting her head with a puzzled expression.
“Onii-sama, you don’t know about the chivalrous thief who’s the talk of the city? He seems to be hitting the home of nobles with bad reputations and stealing the wealth they got through despicable means. And on the next day, a large donation would be made to an orphanage run by the church of Eris… That’s why the thief’s known as the ‘chivalrous thief’.”
Chivalrous thief…
“As a royalty, I probably shouldn’t acknowledge someone who steals as a chivalrous thief… But don’t you think it’s cool? I might be situated on the side that was being stolen from… But even so, I still yearn for such a title a little.”
When I saw Iris’s eyes sparkling, I felt jealous of the masked thief I had never seen before and wanted to capture him.
… Capture the chivalrous thief?
“…Alright, you’re my target!”
“Darkness! Dark–ness! … Ah, good, Claire’s here too!”
“Why, why are you here again…? I’m busy, didn’t I tell you to chill somewhere else?”
“H-How can I help you, Kazuma-dono…”
I rushed to Darkness and Claire, who seemed annoyed that their conversation was interrupted.
“Hey, listen to me! Isn’t the capital in serious trouble?”
The two of them seemed baffled when I said that.
“Well, it is rather troubling. The royal princess is being badly influenced by an adventurer, and if news of her addressing that adventurer as ‘onii-sama’ got to reach His Majesty’s ears, you’ll lose your head.”
“As Lady Dustiness said, I’ve no intention of covering for you when His Majesty returns from the frontlines. I’ll report what happened in this castle truthfully.”
“No, not that! I’m just accompanying and playing with a young girl who’s lonely because her parents are out! Nevermind that!!”
I used a voice loud enough for the other nobles to hear.
“What I mean is the chivalrous thief committing crimes in the dark! I heard news about it! The thief’s targeting the nobles residing in the capital!”
“That, that’s true, it seems that the nobles with bad reputations have been hit…”
“What do you mean to say, Kazuma-dono.”
In the face of the two confused grand nobles, I pointed to my chest with my thumb.
“I’ll capture that chivalrous thief who disrupts the peace in the city.”
“Ah?”
Darkness and Claire were stunned.
At the same time, there was an uproar amongst the nobles.
“He wants to catch that thief? Even though the knights and police couldn’t find any clues even with their extensive investigation?”
“Speaking of which, who is that suspicious man who’s been loitering around? I’m concerned.”
“Shh! That plain looking man seems to be Lady Dustiness’s comrade…”
“That guy? He looks just like a normal man, not an adventurer!”
“I remember he’s a NEET who’s Princess Iris’s playmate. I saw him being waited on by maids in the courtyard and taking a nap until evening.”
Hey you nobles, I heard that.
But I ignored their whisperings.
“Look, I’m close to Darkness who’s a noble, right? From my point of view, this so-called chivalrous thief who steals from the homes of nobles, no matter how popular he might be with the weak, is still my enemy. After all, he might target Darkness’s house next.”
“Hey, hey! My house hasn’t done any evil things that might attract the attention of the chivalrous thief!”
I clenched my fist and said loudly in response to Darkness who retorted dutifully.
“Don’t you agree Darkness? We, who took down multiple Generals of the Demon King’s army, will definitely be able to solve this case. After all, not only did we save Axel, we even resolved the crisis in Alcanretia and the Crimson Demon village! It must be fate that we’re here in the capital. Even though he’s a chivalrous thief, stealing is still a crime. We can’t ignore this!”
“That, that’s true… But what are you scheming? You don’t have a sense of justice in the first place. Just what do you want?”
It seemed that Darkness couldn’t accept this completely and looked at me with suspicious eyes.
“Look, if I catch this thief, I can ask to freeload in this castle…”
“I’ve never seen such a thick-faced…”
When the dumbfounded Claire was about to say something.
“Splendid!”
One of the nobles cheered for me.
The other nobles also joined in…
“As expected of Lady Dustiness’s comrade! Ah, no, I didn’t do anything that might make me a target of the thief.”
“He seems to be a man who has fought with the Generals of the Demon King’s army before. Catching the thief must be a walk in the park for him.”
“Although I’ve nothing to hide, it’d be good if the thief’s captured! Of course, I don’t feel that I’d be targeted.”
This bunch was really easy to read.
… But this was the effect I was after.
This way, I can continue to stay in this castle using the excuse of capturing the thief.
If the thief was caught, I can stay here formally and receive some rewards too.
Even if I can’t catch him, the longer the search, the longer I’d stay with Iris.
The eyes of Iris who was behind me brimmed with expectation.
Really, you do like seeing your Onii-sama in action, huh?
Leave it to me! After I laze around the castle for a while longer, I’ll properly catch the thief!
Claire looked at me and pondered for a moment, and knocked her fist on top of her open palm as if she figured out something.
“I understand. Kazuma-dono, please move into the house of a noble you think will be targeted and stay on guard there. If you do catch the thief, I can consider letting you stay in the castle… Everyone, please don’t hold back! Do all you can to assist Kazuma-dono!”
… Huh?
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur.
I miscalculated.
My plan was to drag out the investigation so I can freeload in the castle.
The next morning.
“Really, will it kill you to not get involved in troublesome things? You even dragged us all in. It can’t be helped, so I’ll assist you with this. Don’t complain about about it later. Really, Kazuma’s so much trouble!”
“That’s right! This way, you can’t keep saying that we’re troublemakers! Since you’re our comrade, we’ll help you out. We won’t abandon you!!”
The two of them who did nothing but eat at the party last night arrogantly said to me.
I didn’t ask them to help me catch the thief, but after explaining the situation to them, they used this chance to put me in their debts.
The job this time was to capture the chivalrous thief, so I didn’t really need these two. However, they were really motivated to do this, so I didn’t stop them.
Right now, we had arrived at the house of the number one target that would be hit by the chivalrous thief.
“– And so, you came to my place without any hesitation?”
This was the villa of Alderp, the tyrannical lord of Axel.
All the nobles who got hit had a bad reputation with the people.
Judging from this, it wouldn’t be strange if this guy was targeted. And so, we came here.
Alderp, who came to receive us with his guards, showed his displeasure, and without reservation, he looked over Darkness body as if he was stripping her with his eyes.
I admit that Eroness has a really erotic body; as a guy who’d look at Darkness when she finished her baths, I can empathize with him.
But staring at her body so rudely was too much.
Alderp probably noticed my gaze and threw me a cold look.
He then looked toward Aqua half-heartedly.
And stopped.
Aqua squeaked ‘Eek’ softly and hid behind me.
“… Oh… Oh! As expected of Lady Dustiness’s companion, how beautiful! If I’m to compare… That’s right! Your beauty’s just like a goddess!”
“What do you mean by just like a goddess, I am a goddess! I am one!”
Aqua poked her head out from behind me and protested.
“Ha, not only is your beauty exemplary, your sense of humor is great too!”
“Just wait for your divine retribution!”
Despite what Aqua roared, Alderp seemed to be treating that as a joke too.
His eyes moved on to Megumin…
“Oh, you’re really…”
When he was about to say something.
The male guard beside the lord whispered something to him.
I couldn’t hear it clearly as they were quite far away…
“… My Lord… Please be careful… With your words… That’s the legendary girl with her screw loose…”
“… So she’s…! Dangerous… Screw loose…!”
The Lord’s expression changed instantly as he conversed softly.
“Hey, why’d you avert your eyes away from me, explain it to me. If you’re lucky, I might personally  show you if I’m just like what that man described.”
“No, no, um… Oh, you look really cute and pretty…”
“Oh, what else?”
Megumin pestered Alderp, who then looked at me for help.
“… Hey, aren’t you too stingy with your praise for the one who protects Axel every day? I’ll show you how powerful my explosion spell is, so let me borrow your courtyard.”
“No, I fully understand how outstanding you are!”
… I decided to not get involved for now.
“S-Still, Lady Dustiness, are you implying that I’m a notorious noble who might be targeted by the chivalrous thief? And here I thought you’d be unwilling to stay in my house, but you don’t seem to be against it. It pains me that the famous Lady Dustiness would believe the rumors against me circulating in the streets. If you think I’m someone that the chivalrous thief will go after, please, don’t hold back and stay as long as you wish.”
Alderp said sarcastically and smiled as he tried to keep us in check.
“No, we wouldn’t suspect you that way… This is just a part of the investigation…”
I walked past Darkness who was making excuses in a panic and entered the mansion.
“We’ve permission to stay as long as we want! I’ll be taking the largest guest room!”
“That’s unfair, Kazuma! I think we should decide after discussing it! I want the room nearest to the dining hall!”
“I want the room on the highest floor! I don’t mind living in the attic!”
After we entered the mansion, Darkness said a little sheepishly:
“… My apologies, sorry for troubling you…”
“Ah, it’s fine… Um, Lady Dustiness has it hard as well…”
Alderp said sympathetically in a soft voice.
– The rumored chivalrous thief seemed to be working alone.
He chose to only burgle the homes of nobles with a notorious reputation, and then donates the loot to orphanages, a typical chivalrous thief.
And according to witnesses that somehow caught a glimpse of him, he seemed to be rather handsome.
Darkness said with a worried expression:
“What the chivalrous thief is doing is a crime and not worthy of praise. That might be so… But I still feel bad about catching the rumored chivalrous thief…”
In the Alderp Mansion.
Everyone had gathered in the best guest room, which I had claimed for myself, to discuss the strategy to deal with that chivalrous thief.
“That might be so, but stealing is still stealing. I there is nothing I hate more than handsome guys who work under the fake banner of ‘friend of the weak’ and ‘savior of peasants in trouble’.”
When they heard what I said, Darkness and Megumin looked at me with strange expressions.
“… How should I put this… Your face isn’t that bad, so you don’t need to demean yourself that much. I’d been wondering about this for some time, but do you have some trauma with the term ‘handsome guy’? I’m willing to listen if you want to vent, all right?”
“I think Kazuma looks pretty good though. I think you need to be more confident.”
“D-Don’t do that, why are all of you treating me so gently? I’ll feel like I’m really petty, so stop… What is it Aqua? You look more serious than ever. What do you want?”
Aqua smiled gently at me.
“Thou hikikomori who’s at a loss. Don’t blame yourself too much… It’s the world’s fault that thou don’t want to work hard, it’s thy environment’s fault that your personality’s twisted, it’s thy gene’s fault for being ugly. Don’t blame thyself, just push the blame to others…”
“Don’t joke with me, my self-esteem isn’t that low! Looks aside, my character’s…! Hey, stop! Why are all of you smiling like that? My appearance can still be called average! Hey… Don’t come near me so gently!”
I shooed the three of them who were acting more gently than ever away, and begun formulating the plan to capture the chivalrous thief.
The chivalrous thief seemed to work between midnight and dawn.
After coming to this world and going through all of sorts of hell, my instincts told me that this villa will be targeted next.
I had a feeling that this would be a long battle.
– The day after moving into this mansion.
I came out of the room that I wasn’t familiar with and started wandering around the mansion.
This was to find out the chivalrous thief’s infiltration path and target.
I observed the exterior of the mansion by putting myself in the shoes of the chivalrous thief.
Hmm, the windows of the kitchen on the first floor were a little worn out.
Alderp was probably stingy about the repair fees and only amateurishly reinforced the broken window by nailing it down.
Yup, if it was me, I’d sneak in from here.
I returned to the kitchen and imagined what I’d do if I was the thief that broke in through the window.
I’d probably do it late at night.
The corridor would be pitch dark then.
The only ones who can learn Farsight that enables night vision would be those with Archer or Adventurer jobs.
Hence, the thief will only be able to move slowly in the dark by keeping to the wall…
While simulating the actions of the thief and moving in, I came to a quiet room.
It might look like a room that had nothing in it, but if I was the thief, I’d still go in and check it out.
I opened the door while thinking that…
“Hmm? Oh, it’s just you. What is it, there’s nothing here, all right? Don’t wander around the villa like that.”
For some reasons, Alderp was here.
Just like what Alderp said, this room had nothing except a large mirror on the wall.
But what’s this old man doing in such a room?
As I wondered, I realized that Alderp was cleaning this room from the bucket and towel in his hands.
He was cleaning it personally even though he had servants…?
I thought it was strange, and then a figure appeared on the giant mirror hanging on the wall.
That was…
“Huh? What’s with this mirror, a magic item? Like a magic mirror?”
A maid working in this mansion appeared on the mirror.
She seemed to be cleaning the shower room next door.
Although I could see the maid, she didn’t seem to notice me.
… Hey.
“Old man, are you here to clean this mirror?”
When he heard that, Alderp averted his face aside and said softly:
“… Want, want to watch together…?”
“There’s no way I can accept such an invitation. Really, you bought this mirror because Darkness is staying here? I can empathize with you as a man, but… Keeping this room a secret from my comrades is the best I can do. But in exchange, I’ll be staying in this room during our time here, all right? I need to stay here as a safety measure. Get out of here, hurry.”
When he saw me chasing him off with a wave, Alderp drooped his shoulders sadly and walked out…
And suddenly stopped.
“Wait. You want this room, that means…”
“Hey, stop your baseless speculations! Don’t think that I’ll act the same way as you! I’m just staying here to protect my comrades!”
“Then you don’t even need to stay in this room, you just need to keep an eye on me when your comrades enter the bath! You get out of here too! How can I let a brat like you see Lalatina’s naked body!”
“Too bad, I’ve already bathed together with Darkness! That aside, I don’t want to waste my precious time watching over an old man! Not just Darkness, do you want me to tell all the maids that there’s such a room? This is a win-win deal, so shut up if you don’t want to be hated by all the woman living in this mansion!”
“Tell the maids all you want! I pay them a good salary, and being sexually harassed is part of the maid’s job! But they look amazing when they strip, all right? Aren’t you interested? … How about it, want to make a deal with me? For some reason, I smell the scent of a comrade from you. In such a situation, shouldn’t we guys compromise and work together for our happiness?”
“… Are, are they that amazing?”
“Of course, they’re really amazing.”
……
I reached out my hand quietly, and when Alderp was about to shake my hand…
“What an interesting topic. Pray tell, what’s so amazing.”
At that moment, a familiar voice came from the door. Both of us withdrew our hands in a panic.
Before we even confirmed the identity of that person, Alderp and I pointed at each other.
“This guy’s planning to peek…!”
The magic mirror was smashed.
– Three days after we moved into the villa as guards.
The thief had yet to show up, and we lived a peaceful life just like we did in Axel.
Since they came to the capital, Aqua and Darkness had been going out frequently and I almost never saw them around.
Aqua said she wanted to chase out the church of Eris that had been throwing their weight around the royal capital and had been performing mischief in the name of preaching her cult.
Darkness received plenty of invitations from the nobles in the capital and had to socialize with them.
In the meantime, I–
“Oh, morning Kazuma. Although it’s already noon.”
I came to the dining hall after waking up and saw Megumin having lunch there.
“I got up late intentionally to keep watch against thieves breaking in. I’m not living a depraved life… And didn’t you stay up late every night when I wasn’t around?”
“? W-Well, I did do that! But I still got up early! Instead of that, any sign of the thief?”
Megumin, who was panicking more than usual, said with the bread she had bitten into in her hands.
What the hell, this was like a love comedy.
“Why are you panicking? Are you really worried about me, just like Darkness said? Aren’t you cute?”
I teased her with a devious smile, and Megumin blushed and said:
“… O-Of course I’ll worry. Kazuma’s really weak after all, and always gets dragged into trouble. And unlike the protagonist in stories, you won’t be saved in the nick of time during a crisis and might die at any time.”
“I-I don’t want to be dragged into trouble either, and I didn’t die because I wanted to! Hey, don’t do that, I won’t know what to do even if you put on a serious face to lecture me!”
When she saw how I was panicking because of her response, Megumin chuckled.
“Even so, you attempted to do things to me back in my village. Kazuma, you’re unexpectedly cute.”
As she said that, she smiled mischievously as if she was taking revenge on me for teasing her.
Damn it, she didn’t have any experience with love either, so why was I at such a disadvantage?
And just what was with our relationship?
Just what did Megumin mean when she said she likes me?
If I interpret it literally and say ‘I like you too’, she’ll definitely reply ‘I don’t mean it that way, I like you as a friend…’
Such cliché developments could be seen in mangas and light novels anywhere in Japan. The readers would feel anxious thinking ‘the feeling’s mutual between the two of them, just get together already’.
However, when you were the one in their position, it was hard to do so.
You’d be afraid of damaging the good relations the two of you have and hesitate about taking the next step.
In the end, what did I like about this girl?
Boys were naive during their youth.
Just holding hands or seeing some actions you like would make you conscious of a girl and fall for her.
Megumin finished her meal while I was thinking about all that.
“Kazuma, want to go on a date with me after you finish your breakfast?”
She said nonchalantly to me with a smile.
– Megumin’s voice echoed through the open hills of the capital.
“Explosion–!!”
I knew it would turn out this way!
After being invited to a ‘date’, I came to the outskirts of the capital in search of a place to cast Explosion with Megumin.
“Look at that Explosion just now! Be it destructive power or effective range, it’s really mighty today, super strong!”
“All right, all right, explosion spells are amazing. Hey, don’t fidget so excitedly, it’s hard to piggyback you this way!”
“Even if you say that, I couldn’t see the boulder being pulverized before I…!”
After she came back from the Crimson Demon village, Megumin’s passion for Explosions reached new heights.
Now that her Explosion had been strengthened with all her accumulated skill points, the magic power of this loli was catastrophic for humans.
For the residents of Axel, the daily Explosion boom was a part of the town’s scene, and no one was bothered by it anymore.
But that wasn’t the case for the capital; it seemed that people had been complaining to Alderp.
Even though she only came to the capital for just a few days, Megumin was already known throughout the city.
After I tweaked Megumin’s adventurer’s card in the Crimson Demon village, the troubles that had been weighing her down were all gone, and she lost what little restraint she had.
Why did I do that back then?
I muttered to myself with Megumin on my back.
“I should’ve made you learn Advanced Magic…”
“Did you say something I can’t just ignore? Kazuma’s words and actions moved me so much back then!”
I fended off the grumbling Megumin on my back as we headed back to Alderp’s mansion.
– A week after we moved into the mansion.
There was still no sign of the chivalrous thief.
“Hey! Don’t look down on the goddess of water, you can’t hide matters related to wine from me! Isn’t there high class wine in the study room? Hurry up and bring it here!”
During this week, Aqua drank all the wine Alderp had in his collection.
“… And then, my Explosion burst out! The pitiful Demon King’s General Hans was turned into dust! Next, I’ll tell you what I did during the fight with the Demon King’s General Sylvia…”
Not just the servants in the mansion, Megumin didn’t let Alderp off either, and talked about her heroic exploits to whoever she nabbed.
And–
“Maid-san, Maid-san! Please give me the usual massage! Ah, I want to eat white beef sukiyaki for dinner tonight. Also, when the king size bed and soft and fluffy duvet I ordered arrive, please send it to my room!”
I made myself right at home here.
Recently, everyone had been lazing around together at the reception room.
If I can’t go back to the castle, it might be great to keep being a bother here.
… Alderp, who seemed to have gotten thinner these past few days, looked at us and said in a soft, tired voice.
“Lady Dustiness…”
When she heard him, Darkness, who was curled up like a ball in a corner of the room, shivered.
“Um, although I did say you can stay as long as you wish…”
“You don’t need to say anymore! We’ll move out right away!”
Darkness lowered her face shamefully on the verge of tears.
– Midnight, when most of the world was asleep.
“Oh no… I thought this mansion would definitely be targeted…”
It was also the period when the undead and NEETs were the most active.
I couldn’t sleep because I slept too much in the day, and headed toward the kitchen because I was hungry.
But this will be difficult.
What the hell, why wasn’t the notorious Alderp with such a terrible reputation being burgled?
If this goes on, my plans to catch the chivalrous thief and return to the castle will…
The ambush will end right here when I leave the mansion tomorrow.
Did he see through my ambush here?
And shouldn’t my luck be great?
Speaking of which, I heard Eris-sama was the goddess of fortune.
Maybe Eris-sama was taking revenge on me for bullying Darkness too much? She is a devoted believer of Eris, after all…
Or maybe that chivalrous thief’s luck was better than mine…
When I reached the kitchen, I sensed that someone was here before me.
I could sense a presence, but the light in the kitchen wasn’t on.
In that case, the one who’d be there at such an hour would be–
… Aqua, who had better night vision than me and a sleep cycle similar to mine.
If it was that girl, she was probably here for snacks to go with her wine.
I was about to call out to her…
“To not have a single sentry, am I overthinking this? To think that I’d been avoiding this villa because I had a bad feeling about this place…”
I heard a soft mumbling in the darkness.
The day before leaving the mansion, I finally hit the jackpot.
Thank you very much, goddess of fortune Eris-sama!
“…? I sensed a weird presence just now…”
Oh, no good. The opponent was the chivalrous thief, he definitely had the Thief job.
He might’ve detected me by using Sense Enemy.
I activated my Hide skill without thinking, stuck close to a wall in the darkness, and remained still.
“Just my imagination…?”
With a soft mumble, the infiltrator started groping around in the dark.
From the way he was moving, he didn’t seem to have night vision.
I followed behind the infiltrator and noticed something after closing the distance.
“Well then, Detect Treasure… Good. Hmm, so it’s this way…”
The infiltrator who kept mumbling was–
“Caught you–!”
“?”
I felt a soft sensation when I grabbed the infiltrator.
That’s right, the thief was a woman.
“– Okay, keep still! Wahaha, the thief disrupting the peace in the capital, you picked the wrong opponent! You might’ve been able to get by those mediocre people, but don’t even think you can escape from me, who has fought the Generals of the Demon King’s army directly!”
“Stop…? Wait–? This voice, can it be…!”
…?
What was going on? I felt that I heard the thief’s voice somewhere before.
“Is it Kazuma-kun? Hey, wait– Hey, you’re grabbing a strange place!”
“No, I’m just catching a burglar… Hmm, are you…?”
I couldn’t see the face with my night vision, but I realized the identity of the infiltrator.
“It’s me! I’m Darkness’s good friend, I even taught you a skill before…!”
She was Chris, her mouth covered by a cloth.
It’s a pity, but I let go of Chris’s hands.
Using the lighter I got from Wiz’s shop, I lit a light in the darkness that revealed Chris holding her own body tightly with tears in her eyes.
“Ughh… I’ve been violated… I can’t marry anymore…”
“It couldn’t be helped, I thought you were a thief. I don’t have a skill to capture a target. Even if you take this to court, I’m confident I’ll win the suit.”
“I’ll teach you the convenient Bind skill next time…”
I observed the sobbing Chris once again.
Chris wore tight black pants and a matching shirt, and even covered her mouth with a black cloth.
She broke in wearing such an attire, which meant…
“So Chris is the rumored chivalrous thief, huh?”
“That’s right. By the way, what are you doing here?”
After hearing my explanation, Chris’s expression stiffened.
“D-Darkness is here? Oh no, oh no, she’ll be mad if she knew I was doing this!”
“It can’t be helped. Even though you’re a chivalrous thief, what you’re doing is still a crime. Anyway, Darkness will be on your side. If you apologize properly, you won’t lose your life at the very least. You do the crime; you pay the time.”
“Wait! You got it wrong, there’s a reason for this!”
Although Chris was desperately saying that, my hands were tied too.
What I needed now was merit.
And since she was Darkness’s friend, she won’t be executed so easily.
The money stolen from the nobles were gotten through dirty means, so it’d be hard to officially pass judgement.
I felt that things could be resolved under the table by using this fact.
While I was thinking that, I heard sound of people rushing over.
We made too much of a ruckus.
At this moment, Chris, who’d resigned herself to her fate and was sitting down on the floor, meekly raised her head.
“It can’t be helped; I’ll tell you the truth. Darkness will understand and help me after she hears me out.”
When I saw her determined expression, I had an ominous feeling.
That’s right, this development was–
“Actually, there’s a reason why I’d been burgling the nobles’ houses. That’s…”
I was about to be dragged into trouble again! It’s definitely the usual development!
“Wait, stop, I don’t want to hear it! And don’t tell Darkness either!”
Chris tilted her head confusedly as I stopped her in a panic.
It’d be troublesome for me if she did inform Darkness.
If the stubborn Darkness knew something big was happening, she definitely wouldn’t leave it alone.
I really want merit right now, but doing things safely with minimum risk took precedence.
After being dragged into trouble numerous times, my instincts told me terrible things would happen if this went on.
“Hmm? B-But…”
“Don’t! Get out of here before someone else comes, I’ll let you go!”
I pushed Chris to the kitchen as I told her that.
“No, no, um… Like I said, I need your help for something…”
“I don’t want to hear it! And have you thought it through? The one rushing here’s the notorious landlord known for his lechery! If he sees the captured Chris, he’ll…”
“I-I’ll retreat for now! I’ll find you next time to discuss that matter!”
“You don’t need to! Ah, bind me before you go! That’ll give me an excuse for letting the thief go!”
“I-I got it! I’m off then! Bind!”
Chris grabbed a rope and shouted, and my body was bound just like that.
She then dashed out the window and disappeared into the night.
“– Kazuma, are you all right?”
The first one to reach was Darkness, who was holding a lantern.
Aqua and Megumin were right behind her.
“This is…! Kazuma, you got hit by a Bind! Where did the thief that broke in go?”
“Regrettably, I let him slip away just when I was inches from capturing him! I was too careless…!”
I roared in frustration in my bounds.
“He escaped… But that can’t be helped. After all, the opponent infiltrated the heavily guarded residences of nobles repeatedly. Nevermind that, are you hurt? What kind of person was the thief?”
Darkness squatted down beside me and tried her best to undo the ropes. However, she didn’t succeed, as the Bind was done with a skill.
“The thief’s a man wearing a strange mask. He’s incredibly strong, probably stronger than a Demon King’s General.”
“H-He’s that strong?”
Megumin shouted when she heard that.
At this moment, Aqua, who’d been quiet all this while, moved to my side in a hurry.
“… Kazuma, seeing how you’re tied up like a bagworm, you can’t move, right?”
She squatted beside me and asked.
“It’s obvious, right? I was just one step from subduing him, but I took a hit from his Bind skill when my guard was down. Oh, your magic can dispel this, right? Your magic can undo things like barriers, correct?”
“Who do you think I am? Of course I can dispel this.”
Aqua said with a chuckle.
“As expected of Aqua, so dependable during critical moments! Free me please, it’s uncomfortable like this.”
I had a bad feeling about this and pleaded with Aqua with a friendlier tone than normal.
“Hey Kazuma. This is probably not the time for this, but I want to apologize to you for something.”
“… What, just tell me.”
A really bad feeling.
“Do you know? Since you didn’t come back for a long time, I ransacked your room to kill some time. Then, I played with the figurine you were making and broke it.”
What did this bitch do the merchandize I wanted to sell? I’ll beat her up after my bounds are undone.
But the situation was to my disadvantage right now, so there was no other way.
“That, that’s fine, I can just make another one. I won’t mind since you apologized so frankly. Instead of that, my bounds…”
“You forgive me? Well then, I’ll say the rest too! Actually, I thought that no one was using the room anyway and drank in Kazuma’s room. You know, isn’t it a hassle to clean up the bottles and snacks if you drink in your own room? And so, I broke some other things when I got drunk.”
Aqua said casually with an insincere, apologetic expression.
“I’m sorry ❤!”
[Hires]
I really felt like slapping her into the ground.
From the way she was apologizing when I couldn’t move, she was doing this on purpose.
However, I don’t know what she’d do to me if I lost my temper right now.
“I-It’s okay. Aqua and I are great friends, right? It’s also my fault for not going back! So instead of that, hurry and do something about this bounds…”
At this moment, Darkness and Megumin shoved Aqua aside.
“Yo, I just realized…!”
“This is a really amusing situation!”
Their expressions, illuminated by the lantern’s light, were twisted into evil smiles.
– Having heard the commotion, Alderp rushed into the dim kitchen with his guards.
“What’s going on! Did that thief break in…? W-What happened here?”
And he froze after seeing my pitiful sight.
I screamed when I saw Alderp.
“Save me!”
Darkness looked down at me and, with pure, unfiltered joy, said:
“Not ‘save me’! Say it! Say ‘I’m very sorry for being so arrogant lately’! Say, ‘I deeply regret troubling you all the time’! Say, ‘I apologize humbly for shaming you’!!”
“I’m sorry! Sorry for troubling you! Sorry for shaming you!!”
“I want to hear Kazuma say that line again! Quick, say that cool line you said back then! How many points? How many points is my Explosion?”
“Don’t do that! The feeling’s only there if you say such lines once! Don’t make me say it so many times, I’ll feel really embarrassed!”
“Come on, say it quick! Hurry up, don’t be shy!”
“Wahaha, it’s great to reverse the roles every now and then! Next will be…!”
I cried at the man I despised deeply:
“Alderp-sama!!”
– The next morning.
We came to the castle to report yesterday’s incident.
This was the deepest part of the castle known as the ‘Audience Hall’.
“I see. Despite your confidence in apprehending the thief, you failed.”
Claire said sarcastically to me.
As the stand in for the king who was away on an expedition, she sat on the throne that was at the very back of the audience hall.
I couldn’t tell them that the chivalrous thief was an adventurer I knew, so I gave a fake account of how the thief looked.
And so, the thief was a strong bandit wearing a strange mask.
“No, it wasn’t a complete failure! If not for me, all the treasures from old man Alderp’s house would’ve been stolen!”
This caused an uproar among the nobles.
The content of their whispers were ‘he’s no big deal after all’.
“… Hmm, let’s say that’s true. Since this is Kazuma-dono who fought with the Generals of the Demon King’s army, we won’t need to use the magic item that detects lies. That’s right, seems like that chivalrous thief’s a hard opponent to beat.”
This woman was definitely doubting my words.
When she heard Claire’s belittling words, the atmosphere around Megumin, who was behind me, changed.
In a panic, Darkness restrained Megumin, who was planning to do something. At this moment, Iris stood up from her throne.
“Um… No matter what, thank you for your hard work! This wasn’t a failure in capturing the chivalrous thief, but a success in preventing his theft. No one has the right to blame you!”
She clenched her fists and said with a blushed face…
While I was feeling moved by Iris’s speech, Claire said with a bitter expression.
“The generous Princess Iris has spoken. You uttered such boastful words before so many nobles but failed; normally, you should be punished. Be grateful to Her Highness Iris for her mercifulness… Since you failed to capture the thief, there’s no reason for you to linger in the castle, so leave at once!”
– On my way out of the audience hall, the maids and butlers showed a cold attitude toward me.
They seemed to have learned of my failure.
News of me not being a big deal had spread.
“Sigh, don’t be bothered by this incident. You’ve done well. Like Princess Iris said, it’s true that you stopped the criminal. But we’ll be going back, all right? No one will ask you to work for a while back in town. Aren’t you going to get a huge sum of money from that fellow Vanir soon? I think you should relax for a while.”
“Kazuma, you’ve played enough, right? Let’s go back to Axel. Even if you don’t stay in the castle, isn’t lazing around at home in Axel fine too?”
Darkness and Megumin consoled me.
… I wasn’t that insistent about being a hikikomori in the castle.
However, despite being a twelve-year-old kid, Iris, who wasn’t willful and had been holding back–
I was just concerned about Iris, who had to spend her days alone in the castle that had no virtue other than being large and vast.
… But for me who had a large difference in status and had no important business here, what could I do for that child…?
Regrettably, I couldn’t think of any feasible methods.
Looking back at the imposing castle behind me, I could feel my powerlessness acutely and sighed.
“… Let’s return first…”
When they heard what I said, Darkness and Megumin showed a relieved expression.
“Hey Kazuma, can we go back tomorrow? It’s a rare chance for us to come here, I want to buy some souvenirs to bring back. The capital has plenty of good wine. Hey, you’re very free, right? Accompany me to go shopping.”
Aqua who couldn’t read the mood as usual said suddenly.
“The wine in the capital isn’t as great as the rumors made it to be. Compared to their standard, the ones in old man Mike’s shop back in Axel are better.”
“Who’s this old man Mike? And the acquaintances you know in the town are increasing. The butcher even delivered high quality meat to the mansion some time ago. He said it was a gift for healing him.”
I was forced to shop with Aqua in the capital due to her willfulness.
Darkness and Megumin went to search for the inn we would be staying in for tonight.
I really wish this bumbling girl could learn from Iris, who was always careful not to trouble others.
“Hey, this is the first time I’ve heard of this. I don’t remember receiving any meat from you.”
“You and Megumin were out at that time. Because we hadn’t had lunch, I asked Darkness to cook it and the two of us finished it off.”
The two of us pushed against each other with our hands grasped.
“Oh? What a coincidence to run into Aqua-sama here!”
Someone called us from behind.
The one standing there was the sword master who uses a magic sword.
It had been a long time since I first met this strange fellow…
I remember his name was Matsuragi, a man who came from Japan just like I did.
He always had two girls along with him, but seemed to be alone today.
Aqua suspiciously said:
“… W-Who are you?”
She was the one who sent him here, but she seemed to have forgotten.
When Katsuragi heard what she said, he smiled happily.
“Aqua-sama, you like to joke as usual.”
However, Aqua hid behind me instinctively.
“Hey, Kazuma, who is this person? He’s acting really familiar…”
She whispered.
“Um, it’s me. The person you bestowed a magic sword to, and chose to save this world. The sword master…”
“This is Katsuragi-san. We met him before, remember?”
“W-Who’s that! I’m Mitsurugi! Can’t you at least remember my family name?”
Mitsurugi roared at me, the veins popping up on his head.
Aqua didn’t seem to remember even after hearing his name.
Even though we did meet during the battle with Destroyer.
“You can’t remember just by the name Mitsurugi? The one who uses the magic sword?”
Her memory was probably jolted by my words, and Aqua clapped her hands together.
Mitsurugi finally realized that Aqua wasn’t joking and really had forgotten.
“… Why. Hey, Satou Kazuma… Did you really remember my name wrongly? To confirm this, can you say my given name?”
“We’re not so close that we address each other on a first name basis.”
“I’m Kyouya! Just honestly tell me if you can’t remember! Mitsurugi Kyouya, remember that!”
After raising his voice, Mitsurugi placed a hand on his temple and shook his head.
He finally calmed down and, after exhaling, said.
“… Really, seems like we need to determine who’s stronger. My abilities have risen since that time; I won’t lose shamefully now! Come, let’s–”
“What the hell are you talking about? We already had a match, and I won. And I won’t accept any more challenges. So let me retain my record of winning against you as a rookie adventurer.”
“… You’re…”
Mitsurugi’s expression seemed a bit lonely, but I had no chance of winning if I fought someone with a high-tier job possessing a magic sword head on.
Mitsurugi sighed.
“… Never mind. Instead of that– It’s good that we met here. I’ve something to tell both of you.”
He seriously said.
– Aqua and I sat opposite of Mitsurugi in a cafe in the city.
“All right, back to the topic… So, before that, I have a gift for Aqua-sama.”
Mitsurugi took something out as he said that.
It was a small box that had been wrapped beautifully.
… Oh?
Mitsurugi offered it before Aqua, who was concentrating on folding a napkin, and said:
“Aqua-sama, from what I see, you don’t normally wear jewelry, right? You’re charming even if you don’t wear it… But if it pleases you, please take this…”
He even said such a cliché line.
I was certain that this guy was a chad back in Japan too.
“…? What? A present for me?”
“Yes, please accept it. It isn’t expensive, so I’m not sure if it’ll fit Aqua-sama’s tastes…”
Mitsurugi replied with a refreshing smile.
He was really a handsome guy.
That irked me.
“What happened to your two minions? Is it fine for you to flirt in such a place?”
“They’re not minions, they’re my important comrades! They’re grinding their levels in the neighboring country. If we’re together, I’ll always be the one that defeats the most enemies. That’s why I’m staying here to fend off the occasional attacks from the Demon King’s army.”
Aqua ignored our conversation and opened the box, taking out a tiny ring from within.
No matter how I looked at it, it was a high class ring that didn’t look cheap.
Although he humbly mentioned that it was cheap, he definitely spent a lot on this.
But, did he know Aqua’s ring size?
Just when I was wondering about that.
“…? The ring’s too small, it won’t fit.”
Aqua gave up quickly after trying it on her fingers.
Mitsurugi said with a wry smile.
“This is enchanted with magic; you can adjust the size here…”
When he was about to say something.
“Kazuma Kazuma, look here quick.”
Aqua said as she covered the ring with a napkin.
“Ding, ding.”
She pulled the napkin away with that sound effect.
And so, the ring that was there disappeared without a trace.
“… Amazing. This is amazing, but where did the ring go?”
Aqua replied to me:
“…? It vanished, even I don’t know where it’s gone.”
“Huh?”
Mitsurugi made a stunned sound.
… I felt a bit sorry for him.
“Even though it was a cheap item that didn’t fit, it could be used in a performance. Thank you~”
Mitsurugi was speechless when he saw Aqua’s innocent smile.
“No, no need…! I’m happy to be of help for Aqua-sama’s performance.”
Mitsurugi laughed dryly as he said that.
… My condolences.
– Aqua continued humming, folding her napkin as if nothing had happened.
After Mitsurugi watched Aqua with gentle eyes, he turned to me.
“I’ll get to the point. This is something that concerns you too.”
This was the summary of what Mitsurugi said.
According to him, the first Demon King’s General was dispatched to Axel because the prophet in the castle of the Demon King said that a bright light had descended there.
The Demon King wasn’t very convinced when he dispatched Beldia.
Beldia was then defeated, and Vanir who was sent next went missing in action.
Even Sylvia, who was attacking the Crimson Demon village, was recently subjugated.
There was a rumor circulating among the Demon King’s army that all these incidents were done by a certain adventurer team.
And now, the Demon King had turned his attention toward this adventurer team.
He might attack Axel, which the team was using as a base, or send more minions over.
… Hey, was that team referring to us?
“But, the bright light descending on Axel is…”
I unconsciously turned to look at Aqua, who was making something.
Mitsurugi’s gaze turned to her right after.
“… I think that was referring to Aqua-sama too. At first, I thought that the bright light the Demon King was wary about was me… D-Don’t look at me like that…”
Mitsurugi noticed that my gaze seemed to be implying ‘Ughh’… What’s with this laughable narcissist?
At this moment, Aqua said to Mitsurugi–
“It’s done. For you, a gift for the ring. The theme of this work is Goddess Eris transforming into a combination robot. The chest armor is detachable and there are three forms it can change into.”
Aqua said something weird as she presented her folded napkin.
Mitsurugi took it from Aqua with a wry smile.
“Ha, thank you Aqua-sama. I’ll carefully keep…”
He said while receiving the napkin with a smile.
Mitsurugi and I glanced at it for a moment.
“Amazing!”
The folded napkin that gave the impression of Eris-sama was beyond the realm of paper folding and was a piece of art.
“… Hey Aqua, make one for me too.”
“Don’t wanna, I won’t make the same thing again. A mobile suit Winter Shogun would be fine though.”
“M-Make that one then.”
After taking my request, Aqua started folding the napkin silently.
Mitsurugi stood up with a smile when he saw that.
“Satou Kazuma. Until I become stronger, please protect Aqua-sama… Well then, goddess-sama, I’ll excuse myself. I’ll treasure this paper folding.”
When Aqua heard what Mitsurugi said, she raised her head with a ‘Hmm?’.
“…? Ah, goodbye… Say, Kazuma, is transforming necessary?”
“It’s necessary, please do the usual.”
Mitsurugi looked at the both of us with a slightly lonely expression.
“You and Aqua-sama really get along well with each other.”
After saying that, he bid farewell and left.
– On the way back to the inn.
“By the way, it’s been a long time since I was addressed as goddess-sama. That Katsuragi person might be a good guy after all.”
If you really think that, you should at least remember his name.
Although, I was partly at fault for calling him Katsuragi in the first place.
I pondered while watching Aqua, who was saying that cheerfully.
The Demon King was cautious about this ‘thing’?
… No, that’s not possible.
Yup, impossible.
“By the way, what’s for dinner? Compared to Axel, the capital’s a battleground, so large amounts of meat from powerful monsters can be purchased here. Bringing ingredients to the restaurants in the capital seems to be common sense here. I heard that we can request the staff at the inn to use our ingredients to cook delicious dishes that gives plenty of experience points… I feel like eating something heavy today. Let’s get some high class meat for the inn to grill them for us.”
“I want to eat something light. I want to eat something with vegetables that goes with wine.”
Although Mitsurugi said that I got along with Aqua, our opinions clashed immediately.
“Let’s have a match then. Thanks to Mitsurugi, I remembered that you’re actually a goddess. I’ll give you a special handicap then. If you can win once against me in three rounds of rock-paper-scissors, I’ll make the dish you like.”
“Hmm? What? You’re really confident, Kazuma. In that case, you might as well just listen to me straight. Let’s go! Rock-paper…!”
Together with the goddess who lacked the ability to learn and completely forgot how strong I was in a game of chance, I returned to the inn with high quality meat.
– That night.
I woke up from my slumber in the hotel when I detected someone’s presence.
“… Get up… Hey, get up quick.”
In the darkness, a figure was looking at me as she whispered in a familiar voice.
“Tch!”
“Wahhh! Wait, it’s me! Hey, I’m Chris! Stop! Where are you touching, stop! Darkness! Darkness, save meee~!”
After grabbing the intruder, I realized she was Chris.
“Oh, so it’s Chris. If you barged in so late at night, you have something you can’t let anyone else know, right? Still, why are you calling out to Darkness for help?”
“You, you jerk! Didn’t you grab me after confirming that it’s me? You wouldn’t need to touch that place if you wanted to subdue someone, right?”
Chris was panting heavily in the darkness.
I thought Darkness would rush over after hearing that scream, but no one showed any signs of waking up.
“Really, I can’t let my guard down at all… It’s really regrettable that you’re the only one I can ask.”
“You came all this way to night raid a guy’s room, so why are you shouting after I touched you a little? Is this some kind of badger game?”
“This isn’t a night raid! Nor a badger game!! I already told you that I’d explain the reason for breaking into that mansion later! Ah, wait! Hey you, don’t pretend you didn’t hear that!!”
Chris pulled at me as I attempted to hide inside my blanket with my hands over my ears.
“Didn’t I tell you I don’t want to listen to your circumstances when we were in Alderp’s mansion? My mood’s terrible right now after parting with the princess! Tell me next time! Specifically speaking, sometime next year!”
“Why can’t I tell you now? Listen to me! There’s a good reason why I broke into the homes of the nobles…!”
Chris explained to me as I continued to resist and hide in my blanket–
In this world, there were powerful magic items and equipment known as divine relics.
They were called divine relics, after all, so it wasn’t easy to obtain them.
However, all the possessors of these relics had one similarity.
They all had black hair, black eyes, and weird names.
“This means, normally only people with weird names like you will be able to get these items known as divine relics.”
“Don’t tell me my name’s weird. I’m not a Crimson Demon.”
My resistance didn’t work, and I heard a weird explanation from Chris as she peeled my blanket off me.
Aqua explained these divine relics to me a long time ago.
It meant those cheat-like items from the ‘power you can obtain’ catalogue I was shown before coming to this world.
“However, I don’t how it came to be, but two of these lost divine relics have been bought by a certain noble.”
“Oh.”
Simply put, if the owner of the divine relic dies, it’ll be left behind in this world.
One of them was an item that could summon and command monsters without needing to pay any price.
The other divine relic seemed to be able to exchange the user’s body with someone else.
Being able to summon and command monsters seemed powerful and easy to understand, but what was the person who asked for the body swapping relic thinking?
With no regard for my doubts, Chris sat on the bed with her legs swinging off the edge and said:
“Among my thieving skills, there’s one that can sense the location of treasures, known as Detect Treasure. And so, I used that skill to search each of the noble houses in the capital.”
“You mean only notorious nobles with more money than they could ever spend would collect those rare treasures, huh?”
“That’s right! But I couldn’t find the relics even after I snuck in. I’d always wanted to do something thief-like, so I swiped some of their ill gotten money while I was in!”
So this girl only became a chivalrous thief at the spur of the moment.
“After that, I sensed a powerful treasure from the mansion you were residing in and snuck in.”
“I see. Yup, I understand why you snuck in. But I still don’t understand why you’re collecting the divine relics.”
When she heard what I said, Chris scratched the scar on her cheek and looked a little troubled.
“The reason why I’m collecting the divine relics… Well, I just might tell you when the time comes. … And so, did you see any strange treasures in the mansion? Did the old man called Alderp use any magic item that seemed really powerful?”
“Aside from the magic mirror he installed in the bathroom, there weren’t any special magic items… By the way, might the powerful treasure you sensed be Aqua’s hagoromo? She’s been boasting that her hagoromo was a divine relic or something since the beginning.”
When she heard what I said, Chris lowered her head, depressed.
“A-All right, it’s fine then… And so, there’s a reason why I snuck in here.”
See, it’s here!
“Shut up, I don’t want to be dragged into troubles! And this feels like a really terrible matter!”
“Ah, hey! Don’t be such a bother and listen to me! Actually, I could sense a powerful treasure in the castle’s direction. And it’s the same level as the one I felt in the villa, the presence of a powerful treasure!”
“… I think it’s natural for powerful treasures to be inside the castle… So?”
“Well, I remember you have the night vision skill Farsight! I also taught you Hide and Detect Enemy! Using these skills, you can sneak in together with me…”
“Don’t try and make me your partner in crime! I had a bad feeling about this since you told me you wanted to discuss something with me in Alderp’s villa; why would I help you?”
“Hey, don’t reject me so quickly! At least hear me out properly! It’d be terrible if I don’t recover these two divine relics!”
“Ask someone who’s more hero-like than me for such an important matter! Right, there’s a guy in this city called Mitsurugi! If it’s that guy, you just need to tell him ‘the world will fall into chaos if the lost divine relics falls into the wrong hands…!’ and he’ll definitely help you!”
“So cold! I just want you to help me! Enough, I’m going to wake Darkness and ask her!”
“Hey stop! Darkness is a noble! If Chris’s real identity is revealed to the nobles, she’ll be placed in a bad situation!”
“But, but…!”
“All right, hurry up and go home, go home! If you don’t go, I’ll use the Bind skill I learned after you it cast on me to tie you up and sexually harass you! I suffered so much because of that yesterday!”
“Wait? I-I understand; I’ll withdraw for today! I’ll discuss this with you tomorrow!”
“I already told you not to come here! Bi…”
“I-I’ll be going now!”
After opening the window, the shrieking Chris jumped out and disappeared into the city that was on the verge of dawn.
Really, she wanted to give me even more trouble, just spare me.
Honestly speaking, where did my supposed good luck go?
The goddess of fortune Eris-sama, I’ll convert to the church of Eris after returning to Axel if you bless me with peace.
I prayed as I hid in the blanket…
– And the alarm woke me up as if it were waiting for this moment.
TL: Skythewood
Editors: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
“Demon King’s army raid alert! Demon King’s army raid alert! We detected a Demon King’s army group forming up in the plains nearby! Knight Corps, prepare to move out. Because of the massive scale of the attack, we’re appealing for the adventurers within the capital to join in the battle! All high-level adventurers, please gather in front of the castle immediately!”
The broadcast echoed through the capital at dawn.
At the same time, the quiet inn had started getting rowdy.
“Kazuma, you awake? Did you hear the broadcast just now? Get your gear ready!”
Along with Darkness’s frantic shouts, a knocking sound came from the door.
“I’m still sleeping.”
“Idiot, this isn’t the time for jokes! The Demon King’s army is here; we have to join in the fight too!”
I poked my head out of my blankets and answered the door that was getting slammed on.
“You’re the one who’s kidding me! Listen to what’s being broadcasted: ‘all high-level adventurers, please gather in front of the castle immediately’. I’m only level 17; I can’t even be considered a mid-level adventurer. And there are skilled adventurers like Mitsurugi gathered in the capital, right? Even without us, they can easily repel the Demon King’s army.”
“Why, why you! Forget it, I’ll join the fray with Aqua and Megumin! Low-level adventurers just need to hide in their beds and shiver!”
Darkness stopped rapping the door and walked away with loud angry steps.
Shortly after…
“Not going! Why must I go to such a dangerous place? I came to the capital to play! And you want me to fight the Demon King’s army? Definitely not going!”
“Aqua, stop squirming around! This is a battle against the Demon King’s army, the more healers we have, the better! Just look at Megumin! See how pumped she is…!”
“Darkness, I won’t be going to the castle, I’ll go straight to the Demon King’s army! If things turn chaotic after the battle, I won’t be able to use my spell! The first shot’s mine! Or rather, just let me use my powered up magic to wipe out the Demon King’s army in one go!”
“Wait Megumin, don’t fool around! Aqua, stop playing, let go of the bed! Really Kazuma, I beg of you, please think of something!!”
How long were they going to be so noisy?
On top of that, I won’t be troubled by money woes once I return to Axel.
There was no benefit in risking my life in this battle…
“…?”
I threw off the blanket and jumped up.
Even if I took part in this battle, the remuneration wasn’t attractive to me.
But what if I achieved great merit in the battle…?
That’s right, capturing the thief was a failure, but if I accomplish something prominent…!
Also, there were supposedly many adventurers with cheat-like powers such as Mitsurugi in the capital.
It’s unlikely that we’ll lose, so if I emphasized my presence during this battle and reach the status of the guardian of the royal capital, there might be a chance for me to stay in the castle.
There wasn’t a need to act like a dynasty warrior against the Demon King’s army.
I just needed to show off my efforts all over the battlefield.
“Don’t force me Darkness, I have a bad feeling about this! This is the instinct of a goddess! The same feeling as the ice cream you bought dropping onto the floor, or all the lottery tickets you collected from a shop not winning! An accident will surely happen! So I beg of you! I’ll give you one of my sausages from breakfast, so see you tomorrow!”
“Let me go Darkness! ‘When the kingdom’s soldiers reach the battlefield, they’ll only see the Demon King’s army that’s been utterly and mercilessly destroyed, as well as a mage leaving quietly…!’ I want to recreate this scene! This is my chance, let me go!”
“Kazuma! I can’t do this alone, do something about these two!”
I opened the door fully armed and said to the noisy trio:
“What are you lot doing, a crisis is upon us. Off we go! Now’s our turn to take the field!”
“……”
– When we reached the castle, a fully armed knight corps had already gathered and was standing in organized formations. There was also a large group of adventurers present.
“Adventurers, gather this way! There are no specific instructions for everyone! As you haven’t received training in military group maneuvers, you’ll be acting separately from the knight corps, so just fight freely! I’ll inspect everyone’s adventurer’s card before the battle. We’ll provide additional rewards based on the number of monsters you subjugate after the battle, so please do your best!”
It was probably one of the staff members from the guild in the capital that gave the instructions through a loudhailer type magic item.
We mustered at the designated area and a staff member requested for us to show our adventurer’s card.
After inspecting my card, the staff frowned a little uneasily and said with an apologetic face:
“Satou Kazuma-san, right? I’m sorry, but it’s too dangerous to take part if you don’t have a top-tier job and are below level 30, so we can’t accept your participation. Please return and defend the city…”
“It’s fine. That man’s a veteran adventurer who’s achieved plenty of merits.”
The one who interrupted the staff was Claire, who had made her way to us before I noticed.
Claire and a group of nobles probably came here to raise the morale of the knights and adventurers mustered before the castle.
And the nobles were looking at me with expectant eyes.
Despite the failure in apprehending the chivalrous thief, they were still looking forward in observing our prowess that defeated multiple Generals of the Demon King’s army.
At this moment, I saw a figure looking down at us from the balcony in the castle.
On a closer look, it was Iris, who was looking straight at me with eyes filled with expectation.
Without a doubt, this will spur my fighting spirit.
Leave it to me, onii-sama will work hard!
… At this moment, someone tugged on my sleeve.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san. I’m very smart and have the ability to learn. I’ll definitely get into trouble if I take part. For example, a kid whose head was caught in the door when she was young might drag me into her Explosion. Or someone whose brain’s squashed by muscles might attract monsters and pull me into danger. Say, it’s not too late, why don’t we return to Axel?”
“Not just Aqua, I have the ability to learn too. That kind of thing won’t happen!”
“Hey Aqua, can you not call me a muscle head? It feels as if the impression of me being the dumbest has been fixed…”
I faced the uneasy Aqua and showed a fearless smile.
“What, the opponents are just mobs that have numbers. It’s about time for me to strut my stuff!”
“Oh!”
After I made my determined announcement, the faces of the nobles around me filled with expectation.
Claire then faced the knights in neat formation and the gathered adventurers and commanded loudly.
“– Demon King’s army subjugation group, move out!”
Part 2
“… Hello. It’s been a while, Eris-sama.”
“……”
I was standing in the middle of a familiar shrine.
Just how many times have I died so far?
Killed by the Winter Shogun, snapped my neck falling down from a tree.
And…
“Sorry, I didn’t think that I’d be killed by kobolds at this level…”
I was mobbed and clobbered to death by kobolds.
Kobolds.
That’s right, those kind of kobolds.
Monsters that you grind to gain levels, and a synonym for mob monsters in this world– I was surrounded and bashed to death by them.
I looked at Eris who was silent before me.
“Let me explain, Eris-sama. Things were going well until the middle part. After receiving buffs from Aqua, I followed behind Darkness. The powerful monsters had been taken by the other adventurers, but I felt that I could kill more monsters than that bunch…”
“……”
That’s right, things were going well in the beginning.
I kept drawing my bow as I hid behind Darkness and kept accumulating kills.
It turned into a free for all battle shortly later. In order to save the wailing Aqua who had been bitten by the kobolds–
“‘The likes of kobolds are nothing’, ‘I’ve grown stronger too’ – With such thoughts in mind, I charged forth to build on my victory…”
As I chased the weaker kobolds all over the place because of my arrogance, I was deep inside enemy grounds before I realized it and was surrounded and mobbed by a huge group of kobolds.
Oh no, it’d be so embarrassing if I revive now.
I even made a declaration of victory before the fight, and now I got clobbered to death by kobolds. I really felt like digging a hole and sticking my head inside.
Eris didn’t speak all this while; she definitely had no words for me.
“Um, Eris-sama? I’ll reflect on dying so carelessly, so can you please soothe your anger?”
I asked timidly and Eris replied with a blushed face:
“… Sexual harassment is bad.”
She glared at me.
Cold sweat ran down my back.
Speaking of which, Eris could see what was happening in the mortal world.
I groped that thief girl so eagerly not too long ago, and she happened to be a devoted Eris believer.
Eris was probably angry about her important devotees being bullied.
“No, let me explain Eris-sama, it couldn’t be helped. When I first grabbed her I thought she was a boy because her chest was too thin… No, I’m really sorry, please forgive me, I won’t find any more excuses!”
Seeing Eris’s mood becoming worse, I got down on my knees and lowered my head in apology.
“… Really, your sexual harassment is really too much. I’ll only forgive you this one time, okay?”
Eris sighed and scratched her cheeks troublingly.
“Thank you for your magnanimity, Eris-sama! I was just thinking what I should do if the important orthodox main heroine Eris-sama was to detest me.”
“You’re saying such things again… Aren’t you overjoyed because of your new sister?”
Just how much did you spy, Eris-sama?
While I was dumbfounded, Eris chuckled.
“I’ll stop my teasing here. Also, I’ve a request for you.”
“… Request for me?”
Eris nodded.
“The devotee who was sexually harassed by you last night already told you part of it, right? The divine relics Aqua-senpai gave to the reincarnated people are circulating in the world.”
“Oh right, there’s that too. By the way, if I remember correctly, the divine relics will choose their owner, right? I thought I could use that cheat-like magic sword when I took it, but I learned that it’d just be a normal sword in the hands of others.”
That’s right, I thought I could use it when I stole that magic sword from Mitsurugi, but was informed of that instead.
“This explanation is correct… The divine relic will only display its full power in the hands of the one who’d been bestowed with it. A powerful magic sword that can cut through anything will become a normal sword. A staff that can draw forth endless mana will become a normal staff that increases mana regeneration. Other such divine relics wouldn’t give much problem if they were misused…”
According to Eris, the two divine relics that were lost would affect the world greatly, even if their original powers couldn’t be used.
Firstly, the divine relic that can summon and command monsters without needing to pay the price. It’ll become a magic item that’ll require paying a price after summoning monsters.
The other was a divine relic that can exchange bodies with another person. The effect changed from being permanent to temporary.
A keyword needed to be said in order to use either of the divine relics, so they can’t be misused so easily even if they were lost in the world.
But there was still a one in a million chance.
If someone uttered the keyword and summoned a monster inside a city, it’d be terrible.
If someone walking the dog switched bodies with his pet coincidently, a new type of kobold would come into existence.
“Hand the retrieved divine relics to Aqua-senpai to seal. There are no rewards or fame for this job. And you can’t bring up the divine relics to people you don’t trust. Since it’s possible for people other than the reincarnated to use a toned down power of the divine relics, there might be people who might go after the lives of all the reincarnated.”
Eris held my hands seriously.
“Will you heed my request to retrieve the divine relics?”
– When I opened my eyes, I found Aqua looking at me with all smiles.
“Kazuma-san who died to the kobolds, welcome back!”
I really felt like beating her up!
“Is that the first thing you say to someone who just revived? Learn how to act like a goddess from Eris-sama!”
After lecturing Aqua, I looked around me. The battle was over.
“… Hey, this might sound conceited to the person who resuscitated me, but couldn’t you’ve done this earlier, when there was still a chance for me to redeem my honor?”
“Why should I revive someone who died to kobolds? If you died again shortly after, it’d be a hassle.”
I croaked that easily just now, so I couldn’t say anything to her.
“… Hey, I’ve one more thing to ask. Is that alcohol I smell on you? Did you take a swig of wine in the middle of battle?”
“Of course not. The wine was given to me by everyone after my exemplary performance in battle. While Kazuma was lying down as a corpse, everyone acted amazingly. I wish I could show you how big a contribution my Turn Undead and healing spells were!
… I see.
That was why everyone around here was looking at her with gazes so full of respect and admiration.
“Last question… Why’s there something heavy tied on to me?”
“Well, Darkness said it’d be troublesome if Kazuma’s corpse gets damaged in the battle, so she asked me to throw you in a corner so you wouldn’t get in the way. But after Kazuma was dumped in a corner, there was a monster that attempted to drag you away…”
“Enough, I don’t want to hear the rest! I get it, you didn’t want me to be dragged off, that’s why you tied me down with something heavy! Thank you for your kindness! I’ve been thinking about this all this while; you guys really have no respect for the dead!”
After getting a grip on the situation, I checked my surroundings again.
The scale of the Demon King’s army attack this time was rather large.
Even though a rookie like me couldn’t grasp the numbers accurately, the subjugated monsters were easily over a thousand.
Despite that, there was no one with obvious injury, or any death.
“Aqua-san, thank you for your hard work in resuscitation. Here, this way please!”
“As expected of an Archpriest, what splendid technique! You’ve even mastered resurrection…!”
“Thanks to you, there are no casualties around here! Aqua-san, thank you very much!”
After Aqua revived me, several knights came to thank her.
I see, Aqua healed the injuries of all the wounded.
Her performance was unlike her usual wacky behaviour and speech.
“Kazuma, you’ve revived! Are you fine? Does it hurt anywhere?”
Darkness, whose face and armor showed signs of being charred, came over with several knights in tow.
Judging from her tattered armor, she fought really hard.
“Lady Dustiness! That was a wondrous performance!”
“That’s right, it was simply marvelous! Oh, the way Lady Dustiness took the spell with such a carefree expression, and the way she charged into the middle of the Demon King’s Army was astonishing!”
“I won’t forget the face of the Demon King commander when he saw the way you fought any time soon!”
“Thanks to Lady Dustiness drawing all the enemy’s attention, there weren’t any heavy injuries. You were a big help!”
The knights looking at Darkness with admiration kept on praising her.
I see. In such a large scale battle, Darkness’s aggro drawing capabilities must’ve been incredibly effective.
Darkness’s attacks might be terrible, but her defense was the best in Axel.
I felt a bit vexed for missing the rare chance of seeing her putting on a show.
Speaking of which, where was Megumin?
… As I was searching for her, I found Megumin, being carried like a fragile item on a stretcher, approaching.
The knights leading the way for the stretcher chased off the crowd of adventurers who were peering curiously.
“Hey, the MVP of the battle’s coming through, make way!”
“Great work, Megumin-san. Make way, do you want to be blown away by Explosion Magic?”
“The top mage in Axel who returned everything to dust, Megumin-san’s coming through! Make way!”
… What the hell?
Looking carefully, I could see a giant crater somewhere in the distance.
“When the battle became chaotic, Megumin was frustrated because she couldn’t use her spell. But the Demon King’s army started to withdraw when things were going badly for them. In the end, the enemy commander said: ‘This is just a prelude battle. One day, I’ll bring an army several times this size and grind the capital into dust!’ After that, when he was attempting to escape…”
Aqua looked at Megumin as she explained.
“Oh–that felt great, Megumin-san!”
“That’s right! That commander had been getting on my nerves for a long time! That bastard always drops that type of speech and runs whenever things get dangerous.”
“But this is wonderful! Casting the magic into the center of the retreating Demon King’s army and saying ‘I’m Megumin! The number one mage of Axel, user of Explosion Magic…! You’re the one who’ll return to dust…!’ Megumin-san was so cool!”
“That’s right, this is the best! To think that you can cast such a powerful spell by exhausting all your mana!”
Megumin was carried over as if she was on a pedestal, and she seemed to be enjoying this treatment.
“Isn’t that right! However, there’s no way a small fry like that can stand before my ultimate technique. After all, I’m the one who sent the Demon King’s Generals into the other world and even pulverized the legendary bounty target, the Mobile Fortress Destroyer!!”
Megumin got even cockier now that she was carried on a stretcher.
“So it’s true you took down the Destroyer?”
“What a splendid archmage! Megumin-san, can you show me some magic other than Explosion?”
“Oh, allow me to witness it too! I wish to learn the destructive power hidden behind Megumin-san’s Advanced Magic!”
“… Well, I do want to show it to you, but I’ve already exhausted my mana. Such a shame…”
“Of course. It’s fine if you do so tomorrow too, Megumin-san!”
“Ara, I can’t wait for tomorrow morning!”
“I’ll tell the others too!”
“… W-Well, um, I might be busy tomorrow… Ah, Kazuma! Great, you’ve revived! It must be difficult for you after just reviving, so let me look after Kazuma tomorrow…!”
… Megumin got into trouble because she let her cockiness get to her head, but it looked funny, so I let her be.
“The knights and adventurers have returned victoriously–!”
Someone shouted and the capital erupted in cheers.
We were greeted by the exuberant crowd in the city when we returned to bring news of our triumph.
Some lowered their head in gratitude, while others raised their arms in glee.
Seeing this scene, the knights and adventurers entered the castle proudly with their heads held high.
After entering, I could see Iris and Claire leading a group of happy nobles waiting for us.
Claire was wearing white as usual and walked in front of us.
“Dear knights and adventurers! Thank you for your hard work! The capital’s safe thanks to your exemplary performance! Her Highness Iris expresses her sincere gratitude on behalf of the kingdom… Look forward to your bounty payment!”
The adventurers cheered excitedly when they heard that.
“Also! To reward everyone for their efforts, we’re preparing a banquet. Everyone must be tired after the battle. Please rest until evening before coming back to the castle. We’ll then present a special reward for those with outstanding performance! That’s all, thank you everyone!”
The cheers reached its crescendo, and the adventurers started getting excited. They acknowledged the cheers happily as they talked about how to kill time until evening and left.
“Lady Dustiness, pray tell us about the details of the battle inside the castle…”
“I heard about your exploits in this battle…!”
“Right, I wish to learn about Lady Dustiness’s glamourous fight too!”
Darkness was surrounded by nobles and was brought to the castle in a blink of an eye.
She looked toward me for help as she was being taken away, but as the man who was killed by kobolds, I didn’t want to attract too much attention.
“Hey Kazuma. Before the party begins, I’m going to preach to the people I healed and invite them to join the Axis Cult. I healed them after all; they should show me their gratitude.”
“They’ll thank you properly even if you don’t bring it up. You’re always doing such things, that’s why your devotees don’t increase.”
Aqua ignored my advice and walked toward the knights.
After watching her go, a voice came from behind me.
“Ah, just put me down here. I’ll let my comrade carry me.”
The knights who carried her all the way here in a grand formation gently lowered the stretcher on Megumin’s request.
After being lowered, Megumin gestured at me to come over.
I didn’t recall being her designated piggy backer.
“Didn’t you say you’ll take care of me who’d just revived?”
“I’ll do that tomorrow, please spare me for today. Kazuma, we’ll be returning to Axel tomorrow, right? Let’s leave first thing in the morning.”
After being carried on my back, Megumin said as she wrapped her arms around my neck as usual.
At this moment, Iris ran to us with an innocent smile.
“It’s great that you’re safe, onii-sama! Welcome back!”
“Onii-sama?”
“Oh, it’s Iris. No, I’m not completely fine. I died and was revived.”
Iris stopped in her track in shock.
“You died once? Onii-sama, are you all right? Come rest in the castle until the banquet begins, your room still in the exact same state!”
“She said ‘onii-sama’ again!!”
“Thank you. But you don’t need to worry so much, the resuscitation was done perfectly.”
Megumin, who was on my back, was really noisy all this while.
Why was she so excited about the phrase ‘onii-sama’?
“That’s a relief… But onii-sama, did you achieve a great enough merit for you to stay in the castle?”
Iris’s expression turned from gloomy to bright in an instant as she asked expectantly.
“No, that… Well, I’ll fail sometimes too, right? My condition wasn’t good, so I didn’t accomplish much…”
“Is that so… But it’s enough that you came back safely! And even if you didn’t achieve any merits, it’s still a fact that you fought for the capital. I’ll plead with Claire once more, and maybe onii-sama can stay in the castle!”
“……”
“Thank you, Iris. However, my death was really embarrassing, so it probably won’t work… Anyway, I’ll see you tonight.”
Iris looked really lonely after hearing what I said.
“… I let you out of my sight for just awhile, and that Iris kid became really close to you, huh?”
Megumin commented after Iris and Claire returned to the castle.
“Right? I finally have the sister I wanted so much. Maybe I do like girls younger than me.”
“… After we go back to Axel, I’ll call you onii-sama then.”
“You’re an important loli character, all right? I’d prefer to have someone else as a younger sister instead.”
“Hey, it’s about time you stop treating me as a loli character!”
Together with Megumin, who was strangling me nimbly while on my back, we returned to my old room.
After returning to the place I used to stay in, I put Megumin down on the couch as she looked around the place.
“Hmm, this place isn’t bad. Living a casual life under the care of the maids and butlers, huh? I understand why you don’t want to go back.”
“I know, right? The food’s nice and the servants attend to your every needs. If you stayed here, you wouldn’t want to go back either, Megumin… Ah–in the end, I didn’t accomplish much, so I have to return tomorrow…”
I took off my gear as I said that and sat on the bed.
As I swung my legs, Megumin, who had yet to recover much of her mana, replied lazily:
“… I think this is great too. Showing my prowess in the capital’s fun… However, I like the times when we complete quests together and bicker rowdily in Axel the most. From tomorrow onward, the four of us can live together again.”
She said with a genuine, sincere smile…
“Yeah, you’re right. I’m not that serious about wanting to live in the castle!”
My emotions were running high because of Megumin’s reaction for some reason. To conceal it, I kept swinging my legs.
“Really? You might be saying that now, but didn’t you really enjoy your time together with that child Iris?”
Megumin asked me teasingly, amusing herself with my reactions.
How should I put this, in the end, I only thought of her as a sister…?
That’s right, I just couldn’t leave her alone when I see that kid.
She was another type of loner that was different from Yunyun…
At this moment.
“Onii-sama, sorry for disturbing you…”
We were just talking about Iris and here she was, calling out to me.
“– I’m very sorry, onii-sama can’t stay in the castle. Even though I tried to convince Claire in all sorts of ways…”
Iris said, sitting beside me with a depressed face.
“It can’t be helped. Or rather, it’s my fault for not doing enough.”
“Onii-sama, you don’t need to apologize. You literally put your life on the line to fight…”
Iris then looked at me with tears in her eyes.
Looking at her serious expression, I couldn’t bring myself to tell her the fact that I was clobbered to death by a mob of kobolds because I got too arrogant and wandered too far into enemy territory. I simply looked quietly at Iris.
And so, the two of us stared at each other in silence.
“… Did the two of you forget that I’m here?”
“No! I-I didn’t forget!”
“Iris’s right; I didn’t forget about Megumin! I’m not a lolicon, don’t look at me with such suspicious eyes! Iris is just like my sister, there’s nothing strange about this atmosphere! …W-What, Iris, don’t look at me with such sad eyes! That would just cause more misunderstandings, even I might misunderstand too!!”
Megumin ignored my suspicious actions and seemed to realize something.
“… Hmm? As expected of Your Highness, you have a powerful magic item on you. The level of the enchantment is worlds apart from others. Is that necklace a divine-level magic item? It doesn’t seem to be a product of the Crimson Demon village, so just where did it come from?”
Her interest was piqued by the necklace on Iris.
On Iris’s chest was a necklace with a simple design that had a different style from the other accessories she was wearing.
“You mean this? I think this was a necklace that was given as a tribute to my real onii-sama… As the representative of the royal family, I’m just holding on to it for onii-sama while he is out on an expedition.”
Megumin leaned forward with sparkling eyes as she studied the necklace.
“So, what powers does this magic item have? With its extraordinary magic power, its effects must be spectacular! It might be a magic item strong enough to destroy the world!”
Your fetish was obvious to see.
“Well, the truth is… The way to use this magic item isn’t known yet. It’s said that the powers of the magic item can be activated by chanting the keyword… Word-like engravings can be seen on it, but the scholars in the castle couldn’t decipher it despite their research…”
Iris showed the reverse side of the necklace to us.
Something was carved on it…
“Hmm? Isn’t that Japanese? ‘Your things are mine, my things are yours. I’ll turn into you!’… Who made this kind of keyword, are you kidding me?”
Such a sloppy keyword…
The one who handed the divine relic to the Japanese was the prime suspect.
“Hmm? W-Wait, Kazuma, the princess’s necklace is shining?”
“O-Onii-sama? Could it be, the magic item’s activating…?”
“Eh? W-Wait, throw it out! Iris, throw it out the window right now!!”
As Iris and I frantically tore the necklace off, the gem in the middle of the necklace shot out a beam of light…!
“… Hmm? Nothing happened.”
After listening to what Megumin said, I opened my tightly shut eyes.
And I was right before me.
With my hands still stretched out, I was staring at myself with a stunned expression.
“How long are you two going to stare at each other? Just now too, don’t keep forgetting about my existence.”
Megumin sighed without hesitation despite this strange event…
“No, that’s not it, Megumin, something incredible just happened!”
“W-What, addressing me directly by name is really callous of you, Your Highness. I’m an older sister, if you want to call Kazuma onii-sama, then address me as ‘Megumin-nee’ or ‘Onee-sama’… And it’s better for you to not talk in such a tone, all right? That Claire woman said that you received a bad influence after getting involved with Kazuma. I think it’s too late to save you.”
Megumin looked at me with regretful eyes…
The me who was standing before my eyes raised his hand timidly.
“U-Um… I’m Iris…”
Everyone turned silent.
“… I-I-I turned into Iris? What’s going on? Ahhh! For real? A dress! I’m wearing a flimsy dress! What’s this, the fresh feeling of wearing women’s clothing right after opening my eyes!”
“Onii-sama? Onii-sama’s inside my body? Onii-sama, don’t do something so crude with my body!”
“But, hold on, this is bad in a variety of meanings, Iris! The dress is bad; I can’t relax with my lower half like this! Girls are really amazing to walk so confidently in public in such a defenseless state!”
As I was flipping my skirt around, me, no, Iris who was in my body, grabbed onto me in tears.
“Onii-sama, don’t do that anymore! You can’t, stop!”
“You’re the one who should stop! I’ve a rough idea what happened, but the scene of you hugging that body who’s flipping the skirt around is too impactful!”
Someone suddenly knocked on the door.
“Iris-sama? I heard you scream just now, what did they do to you?”
Claire’s voice could be heard.
She seemed to be standing by outside the room as Iris’s escort.
In order to stop her from opening the door, I blocked it from the inside.
“C-Claire, it’s nothing! I just got a little excited when I was chatting with onii-sama!”
“Is, is that so? That’s fine, but don’t chat too long with that man, or you’ll learn bad things from him.”
“I-I’m fine, please carry on your sentry duties!”
After saying that, I slid down to the floor slowly with my back to the door as my heart was filled with the strange new experience of being forced to wear a dress and speak in a female tone.
– The three of us sat in a circle in the middle of the room, reviewing what just happened.
“What should we do next? Personally, I don’t mind living as a pretty young girl from now on, but it’s hard to give up the body that’s been with me since birth. How can we undo this?”
“You just said something incredible just now. By the way, does anything feel unnatural to you, Iris? Any pain or discomfort?”
“I have no problems. As for my personal opinion, um… A man’s body’s tall and strong. I feel like going out on an adventure right now.”
“I’m sorry princess, but I hope you don’t speak in such a tone with that body…”
Megumin seemed to be on the verge of tears as she looked at Iris.
“But what a failure. Even when we tried that keyword again, the necklace glowed, but the swapping didn’t occur…”
We tried using the power of the necklace again, but the swapping didn’t work.
“There might be a keyword to undo the swap. But this is an amazing item since it can swap people’s bodies. I’ve never heard of such a powerful magic item before.”
Megumin’s words made Iris depressed.
“What should we do…? We can’t go back to normal like this, right? I’ll have to live on as an adventurer… Get chased out of the castle and be a free adventurer… Find reliable comrades and defeat the monsters blocking my way one after another, and travel to cities I’ve never been to before…! Onii-sama, what should I do? I don’t really hate such a life! Even if my body stays like this forever!”
“Calm down Your Highness! You just said something really stupid!”
Iris’s expression kept changing, her depressed look turned into a bright face. But we couldn’t go on like this.
If the source of the magic item’s power originates from a curse, Aqua should be able to do something about it…
… Speaking of Aqua, I remembered.
That’s right, this body swapping magic item was the one given to a Japanese by Aqua…!
“It’ll be fine; I know what this magic item actually is! This is a divine relic. If someone other than the one it was bestowed upon uses it, the body swap should be temporary. I don’t know how long it’ll take, but we definitely won’t stay this way forever.”
Megumin sighed in relief after hearing what I said.
Iris had a complicated expression for some reason.
“… Which means, we’ll return to normal if we just wait it out. It’ll be great if we recover before the victory party tonight…”
I walked to the bed and was about to sleep until it was time for the party.
“O-Onii-sama! Um… I’ve a request!”
Iris sat on her knees in front of the bed with a serious face.
When she sits like that with my body, it feels as though I’m being lectured; I really wish she didn’t do that.
“W-What? … Ha, Iris is about that age too. You’re curious about a boy’s body, right? Hey, toying with my body’s no good.”
“T-That’s not it! Onii-sama, I should be telling you not to be mischievous with my body! …W-Well… Even if it’s just once, I hope to take a look outside the castle without bringing my vassals along…”
Iris peeked at my face uncomfortably, like a child afraid of being scolded by a parent.
As she was always followed by a vassal, she’d never properly toured the city she was born and raised in.
Even if she wanted to sightsee, she couldn’t visit the shops as she liked with a group of guards in tow.
But, she could stroll around outside with my body.
… However, would the unworldly Iris be fine alone?
I didn’t know how to answer, and Megumin who’d been keeping quiet sighed.
“You two are really a handful. Kazuma can’t accompany you like this, so I’ll follow you. It’s fine, I won’t ask for much like your vassals. Even if you dislike someone’s face and pick a fight, I’ll just watch from the sides.”
“You should stop her then, why else would you be accompanying her?”
Iris stood up happily.
“Let’s go together then, onee-sama!”
“Ah, well… I did ask you to address me as onee-sama just now, but please just call me Megumin…”
… Was it really fine for her to be an escort?
“Megumin-san, please take care of me!”
“Leave it to me. From bargaining prices to handling people looking for trouble, I’ll teach you everything.”
Would they really be fine?
After sending Iris and Megumin off, I strolled inside the castle with Claire in tow.
Since both of them had left, it wasn’t appropriate for the princess to stay inside my room alone.
I was planning to kill time causally before Iris and Megumin returned from their trip.
Everyone lowered their head and bowed to me during my stroll.
I nodded in an exaggerated way in response.
Oh no, this felt really pleasant; I might get addicted to this.
“… Your Highness, what happened in that man’s room just now? The air about you seemed different… Did he teach you something bad?”
Claire who was walking behind me was saying something rude again.
“Claire, that isn’t a nice thing to say about Kazuma-san. He’s a great person; he might even leave his name in the kingdom’s history books.”
“Princess Iris, tell me, what did he say to you? As I suspected, it’d be better to finish that man off…”
I really wish she wouldn’t think of such a dangerous thing right behind the person in question.
I could see the figures of adventurers everywhere I walked.
They were probably just killing time before the victory feast tonight.
Looking carefully, the people standing there were those who had exemplary performance.
Most of them had black hair and eyes, probably Japanese just like me.
I thought about chatting with my fellow countrymen, but it wasn’t convenient because of my current body.
“Hmm, isn’t this Princess Iris and Lady Claire?”
At this moment, a familiar adventurer greeted me.
Claire replied happily when she saw this adventurer.
“Mitsurugi-dono, your performance was wonderful this time too! My apologies for letting you take on the dangerous role of vanguard again.”
The one talking to me was the adventurer Mitsurugi.
Mitsurugi showed us the refreshing smile of a cool guy.
“Not at all, this is nothing. I think of protecting Your Highness Iris who watches over the citizens of the kingdom as my duty.”
He gently patted my head as he said that.
“Claire, sentence this insolent man who touched my head to death.”
“Eh?”
“Princess Iris, you’ve been acting strangely since just now. What happened?”
He probably won over all kinds of girls unknowingly by patting their head and chatting them up with a smile.
I chased the natural airhead Mitsurugi away and continued exploring the castle.
There was a reason why I was wandering around the castle.
“Say Claire, where’s Lalatina? I want to tease… No, I want to compliment her for her efforts in this battle.”
“Lady Dustiness suffered flame attacks during the battle and is covered in soot all over. She’s bathing right now…”
“Claire, lead the way! I’m going in right now to wash her back!”
“Your Highness? What’s the matter? For a royalty to wash the back of a vassal, even if it’s Lady Dustiness…”
“As thanks for all the hard work you’ve done, I’ll wash your back too, Claire. Do you dislike it?”
“Not at all, Princess Iris! Let’s go, come, hurry!”
Claire usually displayed exceptional loyalty toward Iris, but her expression seemed a bit dangerous as she walked briskly in front of me, almost as if she was in a trance.
When we reached the bath inside the castle, we entered the changing room and ran right into Darkness who’d just finished bathing.
Regrettably, she’d already dressed herself.
“Greetings Princess Iris, are you cleansing your body before the banquet?”
Darkness said with a smile as she dried her hair with a towel.
“No, I just wanted to wash the back of Lalatina who performed wonderfully during the battle… But it seems that I came too late. Such a pity…”
I lowered my head, depressed, and Darkness became frantic.
“N-Not really! I couldn’t waste Your Highness’ goodwill! There’s still plenty of time, I’ll enter the bath again!”
She started taking her clothes off in a hurry.
“Dark…! L-Lalatina, wait, if you take off your clothes without any shame or hesitation, I, I haven’t braced myself mentally…!”
“P-Princess Iris, what’s the matter? Your cheeks are turning red…”
Darkness, who was stripping, looked at me with a concerned expression.
Her face is too close; her underwear is… No, she wasn’t wearing a bra!
Ah, right, she would be wearing a dress for the feast, so her strap will show if she wore a bra!
As I was staring at Darkness, Claire, who’d changed and wrapped herself in a towel, was watching me with a worried expression…
“Your Highness, are you feeling all right? You’ve been acting strangely since just now…”
She said as she placed her cool hands onto my cheeks…!
… I understood exactly why the Japanese who reincarnated before me wanted this divine relic.
Iris will know from the scent of the soap that I’ve bathed after reverting back, but I didn’t care about it right now.
A great man in Japan once said:
“Worry about tomorrow’s problem, tomorrow.”
Goddess of fortune, Eris. I express my deep gratitude for possessing such great luck…
As I offered my prayer between these two half naked beauties and was about to take my own clothes off…
My consciousness suddenly flew away–
“– How dare you speak to the boss like this! You must be prepared to die, huh?”
“You, you bastard! How dare you bad mouth the boss that far! Look, the boss turned dumb because of your words!”
“D-Don’t be stupid, I didn’t turn dumb! I’m just a bit shocked after being scolded so badly for the first time in my life!”
Before me were three angry men.
… Eris-sama, changing channels when I was about to strip, that’s too cruel.
“Yes, that’s the way, well said! Next is the winning line! ‘… Enough talk. I’m not that free either. I’ll turn all of you into my experience points…!’ You’ll make the grade after saying that, all that’s left would be to beat all of them up!”
Megumin, who was on my back, said. She seemed out of breath.
… Hold it, what was with this situation.
I know that I’ve returned to my original body, but what were Iris and Megumin doing? This looked like a prelude to a fight!
“Don’t look down on us! Let’s get it on!”
What did they say to the guy called ‘boss’ before me? He swung his fist at me with tears in his eyes.
“Uwah? You, you guys! Can’t you see that I’ve someone on my back, you despicable scoundrels? If you want to fight, let me put her down first!”
“Despicable scoundrels? Hey, aren’t you the one who said ‘I don’t need to go all out against trash like you. I’ll give you a handicap, so you three come at me together’!”
“Just how much do you want to insult our boss? What did he ever do to you?”
“It’s fine, let’s just beat them up! Calling us delinquents out of the blue, let’s make them suffer!
After taking a hit, my response agitated them further.
“Kazuma, are you back to normal? Hurry, transfer your mana to me via Drain Touch, then I can fight as well!”
“You’re the one who stirred up this trouble! Settle it yourself!”
I nursed my face that was hit as I transferred mana to Megumin with tears in my eyes–!
“They’re just a bunch of delinquents, powerless before my overwhelming strength.”
“Your job’s not the physical attack type, but you’re still a high level adventurer. Why’d you get so serious in beating up normal people?”
We defeated the trio, but left for the castle as the number of onlookers increased.
“I wanted the princess to have a go at it, but you reverted back just when the mood was great. Such a pity.”
“Hey, what if Iris gets into trouble? Don’t involve the fragile princess in a fight.”
My words surprised Megumin.
“What are you talking about? Royalty are really powerful, all right? Because of their bloodline, the royals have great talents, and receive an elite education from childhood to protect themselves. That princess is stronger than Kazuma, okay? She’ll easily win even if she fought in Kazuma’s body.”
That was exaggerating too much.
“By the way, how did the quarrel start? What did those guys do to you two?”
“Actually, after shopping around all sorts of stores with the princess, they appeared out of a desolated alley.”
I see, and then they started harassing Megumin…
“Normally, if they saw a girl like me, shouldn’t they say: ‘Hey, your girl looks pretty good. We’ll give her a good time, so you can scram now’ and start harassing me, right? But they only took a glance at me without saying anything. Seeing how gutless they were, I scolded them fiercely.”
“You’re the delinquent! Don’t drag innocent pedestrians into this!”
W-What should I do, I should apologize…
“Forget it, I might’ve been the one who taunted them, but they’re the ones who hit you first. It’ll be fine, we’ll win even if it gets taken to court. The ones who got physical after a little squabble are the ones in the wrong.”
“That’s not for someone who loses her temper with just a little provocation to say! Ah, really… I’ll apologize if I ever run into them again…”
While I was troubling over that, we finally reached the castle gates.
“Never mind; some things happened, but Her Highness had fun. It was her first time eating from a roadside stall, and she really enjoyed herself.”
“Really… That’s fine… I guess? I hope they won’t say I was a bad influence again…”
“… Kazuma spoils her too much. Not only her young age, but many aspects of her character overlap with mine too. It makes me strangely uneasy.”
“A-are you still insisting that your character overlaps with that beautiful, gentle, and elegant girl?”
I entered the castle gates while discussing that with Megumin.
Darkness and Claire, obviously fuming, were standing there like statues, waiting for us.
As I was shrinking in a corner of the banquet, trying to avoid attention, Aqua came to me while carefully cradling a high class wine.
“Hey Kazuma, why are you so stupid? You always treat me like a fool, now’s my chance to use that against you. Hey Kazuma-san, you’re a really big idiot, huh?”
I couldn’t say anything to refute the idiot who was cradling the bottle like a treasure.
“No, I didn’t have such intentions in the beginning. But, how should I put this… All sorts of people bowed their heads at me while I was strolling in the castle and I felt that I would be forgiven even if I did something…!”
“So you really are an idiot, huh? If I search the term ‘idiot’ on a computer, Kazuma’s name would be the first result, right?”
I thought about snatching away her bottle and making her cry, but I couldn’t say anything right now.
The moment I returned to my body, Iris also reverted back to her body in the changing room.
After seeing Iris suddenly turn frantic, they found out about the situation after asking her…
“Even Iris got so furious… Damn it, onii-sama can’t live anymore…”
“… Really, just squat in this corner today, be a good boy, and don’t attract any attention. I’ll get you some delicious food later.”
Aqua, who was gentler than usual, healed my fragile soul.
No matter what, she was still a goddess, and was reliable when I was really suffering…
After Megumin found out what I was doing before returning to my body, she turned silent just like Darkness.
“As expected of the one who’s been with me the longest. I really hope the others can learn from Aqua’s leniency. I’ve been wondering since just now, what’s that wine you’re cradling? When we went to search in the city yesterday, we didn’t find any good wine, right? Did you buy something else?”
“Oh this, didn’t the people in the city say they were giving out special rewards for outstanding performances? They asked me what I wanted and since everyone was busy, I asked for this wine on behalf of our team.”
This girl decided on our reward on her own.
I’d worry about Aqua dropping it if she held on to it.
I was thinking of safekeeping it for her before we returned to the mansion and stretched out my hand.
“It can’t be helped, wait until we go back to Axel, we all can…”
I was about to say ‘drink it together’ when Aqua smacked my hand away.
“… What are you trying to do? You’ll break it or lose it somewhere anyway, it’d be a waste of the high class wine. It’d be fine if you bought the wine yourself, but this wine’s a reward for everyone’s exceptional performance. Here, I’ll hold on to it for you.”
“Don’t wanna. I got this wine myself, and I won’t give it to anyone, all right? After all, the one who gave it to me said, ‘Everyone performed well, but Aqua-sama’s work was exemplary!’. It’s all because of me that no one died in battle, which made him happy. Getting such a reward should be a matter of course for me.”
“Hey, this is the fruit of everyone’s labor! It looks really exquisite, let me… Ah, this girl!”
Aqua was afraid that her precious wine would be taken and ran away in a panic.
And I became alone again…
– With the exceptional adventurers at the core, there were many different groups around the place.
As for the nobles who didn’t mingle with the crowd, they were also chatting about the battle in high spirits.
“Ara, this battle was a piece of cake! With Lady Dustiness leading the way, her team fought on the front lines like ferocious lions, contributing greatly to the battle!”
“That’s right! Lady Dustiness who took all the enemies’ attack alone, as well as Aqua-dono who purified a large number of undead and could heal wounds in an instant, no matter how grievous they were. Last but not least, Megumin-dono who gave the retreating Demon King’s army the final blow! With just the three of them, they might even defeat the Demon King!”
“Indeed, the three of them would be able to fight on par even with the Demon King! I already heard that the three of them took down several Generals of the Demon King’s army. As expected of them…”
“We also have the pride of the kingdom, the magic sword hero Mitsurugi-dono! If he joins this trio, wouldn’t that be the strongest team that’ll surpass the Demon King…? He also has a lancer and an archer girl in his team. Wouldn’t that be a perfectly balanced team?”
“That’s it!”
Hey, did you ignore one person from the formation of that team?
Well, I understood it clearly too.
I didn’t achieve much and even died to kobolds.
And the gaze that fell on me…
“That’s the one…”
“Yes, that’s him. Lady Claire mentioned that he’s nothing but talk…”
“And his job is the weakest job, Adventurer, and his level is low.”
“Really, why did Lady Dustiness allow such a person to be her comrade…?”
“Maybe he’s a guy who’s good at currying favors. He even amused Princess Iris and tried to move into the castle to stay…”
How uncouth. But I couldn’t say anything because some of the things they said were true!
Unlike me, who was staying in a corner alone, my other team members were surrounded by nobles and adventurers and showered with praise.
Megumin seemed to be surrounded by mages.
People healed by Aqua congregated around her.
Mitsurugi was the handsome guy representative of the capital, skillfully greeting the various groups.
It felt like the ratio of girls was higher around him.
Taking a closer look, Megumin was getting arrogant after hearing compliments, and Aqua was still running around with her bottle, chasing those who came near her away.
She probably misunderstood and thought everyone was after her wine.
Lastly…
“That’s right, she’s a daughter of an aristocratic family, after all.”
The dress Darkness was wearing differed from the one she wore in the other banquet. Normal adventurers were attending this victory feast too, so she was sitting with some of the noble guests and chatting happily at the VIP table.
A group of knights was around them; it wasn’t easy to approach.
This scene made me realize the difference in our status, and it felt a little lonely.
– At this moment, Iris, who was also seated at the VIP table, locked eyes with me.
Iris was furious earlier, but her eyes seemed really lonely right now.
I’ll be going back tomorrow.
It was a relief that the last time I saw Iris, it wasn’t with anger on her face.
To be frank, I wished I could see her smile one last time…
“Oh, so you’re still in the castle, plebeian.”
Suddenly, someone talked to me who was by myself.
She wore her usual white suit even during this banquet.
It was Claire, glaring at me with a wine glass in hand.
I didn’t contribute to the battle this time, and with the body swapping incident to boot, her tone toward me was worlds apart from the first time we met.
Was she influenced negatively by me too?
“The guests of honor tonight, Lady Dustiness and the rest will stay in the castle tonight. You can go back already.”
“… No, I understand you’re angry. I also know that I was too arrogant. But this is already the last night, so just be nicer to me. Aren’t you a little happy to have bathed together with Iris?”
“D-Don’t spout nonsense, what are you saying? That I’m happy to bathe together with Her Highness… That… Forget it. I won’t pursue the matter.”
This woman definitely has other feelings beside loyalty for Iris.
Be it Darkness and her unique fetish and old man Alderp, why are all the nobles like that?
“Just like your attempt to capture the chivalrous thief, you didn’t show any results this time either… You’re really all talk. I did some investigation on the fights with the Generals of the Demon King’s army; the ones who dealt the final blows were Lady Dustiness and that mage, right?”
She said something sarcastic again.
“My job’s to provide support for them. By the way, they have flaws too, all right?”
“I already know about their flaws. However, it won’t be a problem if the kingdom provides support. They’ll be invited to join Mitsurugi-dono’s party later. That way, we can realize the grand dream of taking down the Demon King, right? Don’t you already have loads of money? Why not leave the team and live merrily in that town of yours?”
What was this woman talking about?
“I agree with you on the living merrily part, but why are you forcing me to leave the team? A group of ruffians said the same thing to me, but came back running in tears after teaming up with them. Can you support them properly?”
“Like the battle this time, just support them with a group. With their exceptional skill, their strengths can only be brought out in a large scale battle. Do you have any skills like they do? … Think about it. In the end, if you display an ability better than Mitsurugi-dono and the others, we can just laugh this matter off.”
Asking a guy who was just killed by kobolds to display his powers on the same day, what was this sadistic woman saying?
Enough, I didn’t want to stay in this castle anymore! I’m going home!
… Ah, right.
“Putting that aside, what are you going to do about Iris’s necklace? Don’t let her wear that, it seems to be a divine relic. My comrade Aqua can seal the divine relic, how about leaving it to her?”
Claire gave an unexpected answer to my advice.
“That can’t be done. That’s a tribute for the first prince Jatis. Before His Highness Jatis returns, we can’t dispose of it on our own… Or rather, it’s just a divine relic that switches bodies for a short period of time, so it isn’t harmful at all, right?”
Claire averted her flushed face as she said that.
… She experienced something good during that incident today.
Forget it, it’d just be a simple decoration if the keyword wasn’t chanted.
And the switch would just be a short time.
Claire then smiled gently.
“Rather than that–you’ll be leaving the capital tomorrow. The capital doesn’t need you. If you insist on staying, I’ll chase you out by force. Never mind, you can enjoy this party today too… If you can show that you deserve it.”
I came crying back to my residence and wailed in the dim room.
“How vexing! What’s with that woman, saying such hurting words on this last night! I know I’m at fault too! Or rather, it’s all my fault!!”
Since Darkness and the others won’t be able to get away from the crowd, they’ll attend the party until the end and stay the night in the castle.
… Maybe they’ll really join Mitsurugi’s team?
What was it with this feeling of being alienated?
I’d always been planning on leaving them behind and joining a normal party. But when I tried imagining such a situation, I felt a sense of unease…
Enough, I don’t care anymore!
I’ll return to Axel and use the bounty for Sylvia along with Vanir’s payout to live a carefree life!
What should I do after returning to town?
It might be a carefree life, but spending every day sleeping would be boring.
Not having games and computers in this world was a tragedy.
No, speaking of which, Aqua brought some games back from the Crimson Demon village.
All right, I’ll confiscate them from her and play to my heart’s content.
As I thought about that, I realized…
… I had yet to properly decide the match with Iris…
As I was thinking about Iris, someone knocked on the window.
– Looking outside, I saw her standing nonchalantly on the second floor window ledge.
Under the moonlight, a silver haired thief girl was standing there.
After opening the window, Chris entered briskly.
“Yo. Isn’t there a party tonight? You’re back really early, huh?”
Chris said with a knowing smile. Seemed like she found out everything.
How did she know about the divine relic and the party?
Maybe there was a thief guild that was exclusive only to thieves.
“I won’t agree no matter how many times you ask. But I’ll tell you what I do know. There’s a divine relic that can switch bodies in the castle. However, the period’s short, and unlike the monster summoning magic item, I think it’s rather harmless.”
I remained lying and twisted my body after saying all that, turning my back to Chris.
Or rather, I hoped that I could bask in my memories of Iris at least for tonight.
Although Eris-sama requested this of me when I died, I just didn’t have the drive to do it.
Chris said to my back:
“That magic item. If one of the bodies dies during the swap, it won’t switch back.”
Chris muttered casually…
“… Hey, what did you just say?”
I got up from bed and asked.
Seeing how frantic I was, Chris laughed softly.
“If that magic item is used well, one can gain eternal life; that’s how powerful it was. If your body starts getting old, you can swap with a healthy body and kill the other party. It’d be even better if you transfer your fortune to the younger person in advance.”
She said something incredible.
… I see, so it was a divine relic after all.
But right now, the only ones who knew the real power of the divine relic were just me and Chris.
If we leave it alone, it won’t be misused since no one knew, right?
“I remember that this magic item was bought by some noble at the very beginning.”
Chris said calmly, as if she’d seen through what I was thinking.
“But, it somehow landed in the hands of the Princess… Isn’t that strange? Who, and for what purpose, gave that thing as a tribute to the royal family?”
… Wasn’t the objective obvious?
The goal was to swap bodies with the person that held the highest authority of the kingdom…
“Hey, this is no time to joke. We’ve got to report this to the big wigs in the kingdom…!”
Chris shook her head regretfully.
“I advise you not to do that. Can you predict the movement of the people who knew about the powers of the divine relic? I can tell for certain that the nobles will start eyeing the divine relic… Not just that, the royals might even use it for misdeeds too. No, the more authority one has, the more one craves eternal life.”
I was speechless.
“I only told you about this because you’re someone who wouldn’t use it for evil even if you got hold of it.”
We weren’t that close, so why did she trust me that easily?
But it was true that I didn’t have the guts to misuse this thing.
Even when I swapped bodies with Iris, the most I did was take a bath with others.
… Hmm. I did do a lot of misdeeds…
Chris said to me who had fallen silent again.
“Hey, you’re the playmate of the princess, right?”
With the moonlight behind her, Chris stood by the window again and smiled.
“Want to go to Her Highness’s side and play?”
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
In the capital that was shrouded by darkness, Chris and I headed toward the castle.
According to her, infiltrating the castle by cover of night would be the best course of action.
After achieving overwhelming victory against the Demon King’s army, the guards would be more relaxed about their duties.
“Hey, what do you have there? It looks cool. Where’d you get it from?”
Chris, her mouth covered with a black cloth, said as she looked at me.
“This was given to me by a suspicious clerk working in a certain magic item shop in Axel. I heard that it’s a top seller.”
To avoid exposing my identity, I put on the mask Vanir gave me.
“Hmm~ I want one too, what kind of person is that suspicious clerk?”
“What kind…? … He works diligently in chasing the noisy crows away from the trash area, known in the neighborhood as ‘Crow-Slayer Vanir-san’…”
“Hmm~ Isn’t he a really earnest guy? I want to meet him!”
I wonder what would happen if they really got to meet.
Or rather, nothing good would come of letting a devout Eris believer meet with that devil.
Our objective was to infiltrate the castle and grab Iris’s necklace.
Since I was born, aside from sexual harassment, I’d only committed minor misdemeanors like public urination and jaywalking. This was the first time I was doing something like a real ‘criminal,’ which made me nervous.
I didn’t want to hurt others and didn’t have the guts to do so either, so I left my katana in the inn.
To lessen the load if I needed to run, I didn’t even wear a chest plate and chose dark clothes that’d allow for me to blend into the night.
Bow and arrows can be used in all sorts of scenarios, so I brought them along…
Chris stopped and looked up at the castle wall that towered over us.
“Well then, are you ready, minion?”
“Any time, lady boss.”
“……”
“Hey, don’t call me lady boss.”
“Then don’t call me a minion! And why’s my position lower than yours?”
We hid in the shadows of the building and argued quietly.
“Because my job’s a Thief, I’m the professional here. Your job’s Adventurer, right?”
“That’s true, but since I have Farsight that gives me night vision, I’m more suited for burglary. I should be the boss in terms of ability, right?”
We couldn’t address each other by our real names inside the castle either.
And so, we debated on how to address each other…
“But, but, the one renowned as the chivalrous thief in the capital is me, okay? There’s no end to this, let’s just settle it in a simple match!”
“Match, huh? Well then– Luck’s necessary for thieves, so let’s play-rock paper-scissors.”
My only strong point was my excellent luck.
Chris probably didn’t know about my stats.
“Rock-paper-scissors? All right, let’s do this! Now that you mention it, I lost when we competed with Steal last time, so today I’ll avenge myself.”
“Hehe, you’ve been tricked, Chris! I’ve never lost in rock-paper-scissors before! Okay, rock…!
“– Let’s think of a way to sneak in, Assistant-kun.”
“You’re right, Big Boss. And I didn’t become a NEET in the castle for nothing. When I got bored and wandered around the castle, I figured out its rough layout. I’ll lead the way.”
I lost in rock-paper-scissors for the first time in my life.
As expected of a devotee of the goddess of fortune, Eris. Her luck was really good.
After we came to a consensus, we nailed down how we should address each other.
Avoiding the guarded main gate, we went around to the side walls of the castle.
“Assistant-kun, are you planning to break in through here? The walls are really tall, looks at least three stories high… I can’t do anything with this…”
Before Chris even finished, I took out my archery tools.
“Snipe.”
This was the arrow with a hook in front and ropes trailing behind it, used during the battle with the Destroyer.
After aiming with my skill before shooting the arrow, it accurately hooked onto the edge of the castle wall.
I tugged on the rope to make sure it was secure. Chris opened her mouth wide in surprise.
“Assistant-kun’s really useful. Forget about being an adventurer, you should form a chivalrous thieving group that focuses on punishing the evil nobles together with me.”
“If my money runs out and I’ve got nothing better to do, I’ll consider it… All right, let’s go!”
It should be about one or two hours after midnight.
The castle lights were off and everyone seems to be fast asleep.
“From now on, it’d be best if I walk in front. I’ll use my night vision and move slowly, so you just need to follow behind me, Big Boss.”
“Understood, Assistant-kun.”
We were in the courtyard of the castle right now.
Our goal was the top level– Iris’ room.
Walking toward the door into the castle from the courtyard, I met the first obstacle.
“Bad news, Big Boss. The door’s locked.”
“It’s my turn, time for my lock picking skills to shine.”
Chris squatted in front of the door, took out two ear-pick like objects, and started fiddling with the keyhole.
With a click, the door was opened effortlessly.
As expected of a professional. If I ever have any spare skill points, I’ll learn this skill.
After successfully getting inside the castle, we continued moving in the dark.
With me leading the way of course, and Chris behind.
We had yet to run into patrolling guards so far.
To think that things would go so smoothly if the jinx Aqua wasn’t around.
“Oh, someone’s coming. Enemy Detection is giving off a reading.”
“Hide in that corner, don’t forget to activate Lurk.”
We hid in the shadows as the footsteps of a guard drew near.
Probably the guard doing patrols.
“Hey, Assistant-kun, do you have to stick so close? We already used Lurk, so you don’t need to work so hard not to be discovered, right?”
“It’s not good to underestimate the enemy, Big Boss. Here, stick closer, quick!”
“Assistant-kun, this is too close!”
“Big Boss, this is for the sake of retrieving the divine relic and world peace. Please bear with it!”
While we were arguing softly, the patrolling guard stopped.
“… Is someone there?”
He asked and shone his light this way, but thanks to Lurk, we weren’t discovered.
“Just my imagination…”
After seeing the guard leave, we sighed in relief.
“Really, that’s why I’m telling you that underestimating the enemy isn’t good. If I didn’t handle it carefully, we would’ve been in trouble.”
“No, no, no, it’s all because of you that I made some noise which attracted the guard’s attention! If you sexually harass me again, you’ll suffer divine punishment from the goddess Eris.”
Oh no, speaking of which, Eris-sama was still watching me.
It was true that I’d been acting too true to my desires recently.
It’d be a good idea to watch myself.
– Moving through the vast castle, we reached the stairs leading to the second floor.
Iris’s room was at the top most level.
“Hey Assistant-kun, if possible, I’d like to take a look in the treasure vault. Like I said, both divine relics are in the capital, so the one that can control monsters might be here. The only places with such an acute treasure presence are Alderp’s mansion and this castle.”
The reaction from Alderp’s mansion was definitely Aqua’s hagoromo, which meant the remaining divine relic was inside this castle.
“The treasure vault is on the second floor. We’ll reach it in no time after climbing up the stairs. But there are powerful barriers and probably traps…
“That isn’t a problem, I came prepared.”
We headed up the stairs and toward the vault.
At the entrance of the vault, we discovered a powerful barrier that even I could sense with my minute magical prowess.
The only ones who could undo this barrier would probably be those at Aqua’s level.
Chris took out a certain magic item at this moment.
“This is a tool that only the demon race possesses, called Barrier Killer. Apparently, the Crimson Demons were selling it… I don’t know how they got them, but I managed to ‘borrow’ this from a noble who bought it.”
Barrier Killer?
I heard that term somewhere before.
Or rather, I found the shape familiar, where did I… Never mind.
Chris meddled with the magic item for a while, and with a pop, the barrier was easily dispelled.
“Amazing, now we just need to watch out for the traps.”
“That’s right. For us who have skills to detect and disarm traps, this is a piece of cake.”
I took out my lighter and lit it to observe the surrounding.
The vault was illuminated and all sorts of neatly arranged treasures appeared before us.
“Oops, there’s a trap here. The alarm will ring if you take this treasure with you. If the target divine relic isn’t here, don’t touch the goods.”
After hearing her words, I nodded and started searching together with her.
That might be so, but I had no idea what the monster summoning divine relic looked like, and had to rely on Chris and her treasure detection skill.
What I could do was keep an eye out and admire the treasures here.
… Just then, I noticed something.
“Assistant-kun, the thing we’re looking for isn’t here. There are many powerful magic items, but nothing at the level of the divine relic… Assistant-kun?”
That was something that didn’t fit in with this treasure vault.
Something I was very familiar with.
“Isn’t this a manga…?”
The thing before me should be a manga from Japan.
Chris probably thought about something after seeing my nostalgic expression, and watched me silently.
“Um… If you take that away…”
Chris was hesitant to speak, but I got what she meant.
“I’m fine, it’s just a book from back home. I’m just feeling a little nostalgic.”
For some reason, Chris looked a little guilty after hearing what I said.
“Don’t be sad for me. And I bought that manga before, so…”
While I was speaking, my gaze shifted to the other book beside the manga.
… It was a peerless treasure.
You’d be arrested just by holding that book in Japan– That’s how valuable it was.
“… Let’s go then, Assistant-kun… Oh right! After sealing the divine relics away, I’ll collect a bunch of books from your country and give them to you, so…”
As Chris was saying something sentimental, I grabbed that treasure without hesitation!
“Assistant-kun–!!”
“– Over there, the intruders went that way!”
“There are two of them! We don’t know what their goal is, but we can’t let them roam free!”
The guards shouted while Chris and I ran with all our might.
“Damn, what a formidable trap! It even got me…!”
“Assistant-kun, I need to have a good talk about life with you later! You’re living too unrestrainedly!”
“Big Boss, now’s not the time for banter! We need to overcome this little problem!”
“That may be so, but you’ve no right to say that!”
All the lights in the castle were lit, and everyone had been awoken by the alarm from the vault.
“Create Water! And Freeze!”
The corridor we ran past was covered in ice.
Screams and curses came from behind.
“Having Assistant-kun around is really convenient.”
“Don’t just say that Big Boss, help me!”
Chris, who was chiding me as she ran by my side, showed me a thumbs up.
“Okay, I’ll show you the ability of the Big Boss!”
While she was saying that, she turned behind and took something out of her pocket.
It was a thin metallic wire.
“Wire Trap!”
Chris shouted and threw out the wire.
The moment the wire touched the walls along the corridor, it became as taut as a steel bar.
It was like a spider web.
Even a small person wouldn’t be able to get through that web easily.
“This is just to buy time, but it’s enough for us to escape! Assistant-kun, we can’t complete the mission after drawing everyone’s attention like this, let’s withdraw for now!”
Chris said as she drew the dagger on her waist, forced open a window, and looked around– She was probably looking for an escape route.
“No, wait, I want to settle things today! I’ll be chased out of the capital tomorrow!”
Chris frowned when she heard what I said and seemed troubled.
“E-Even if you say that… If we, a Thief and Adventurer duo, were to fight with others head on, we’ll be nabbed easily! And since when were you so determined to fight?”
That brought me back to my senses.
In the first place, why was I working so desperately?
I wasn’t a hot blooded character and definitely wasn’t a summoned hero who was chosen.
Calm down, I am a rational man.
That’s right, once I return to Axel, I’d be able to enjoy my life every day.
Stop struggling and run away, live a carefree life back in my home–
No matter how much I tried to convince myself, the times I spent with Iris appeared before my eyes like a movie.
Iris who was moody after I bullied her.
Iris who listened with sparkling eyes as I recounted the tale about purifying the lich in the dungeon.
After being instigated by me, Iris stole snacks from the dining hall and was warned by Claire in the end. Even though she felt guilty, even though she was scolded together with me, Iris looked a little happy.
The angry Iris who came to get back at me after she arrogantly told her vassals some nonsense I made up and became a laughing stock.
Finally, Iris who answered this to my question–
‘This is the first time I’ve met someone like you. Everyone keeps on their toes around me and showers me with concern. Only one person was lofty, rude, merciless, and taught all sorts of weird things to me. Even though I’m royalty, he even went all out to compete with me without any semblance of acting like an adult…’
‘I asked you to tell me what you liked about me.’
‘But I am listing out the reasons I like you.’
But that kid likes me the way I am.
– I didn’t understand why I wanted to stay with her so much.
Or why she sticks so close to me.
No matter what, Iris will become a more mature princess a few years later.
She won’t want to meet a suspicious man with such a large difference in status by then.
No, from the moment I leave the capital, our ties will disappear.
Thinking about it this way, this was the last night I’ll be looked up to like an elder brother.
“Assistant-kun, let’s withdraw! Even if you want to return to Axel–though it’d waste some time– I’ll help you out!”
However, that was why…
“Big Boss, I…”
I’d been dragged into troublesome matters one after another.
But I couldn’t wait for next time.
Not for tomorrow.
That’s right–
“I’ll show you my true ability.”
“… Assistant-kun?”
“– We cut through the web! The thieves are… They’re still here, they didn’t escape!”
The guards cut through the web, blocking the way and leaving us with no cover.
“Thieves, I’ll make you all regret breaking into the royal castle! Just leave one of them alive to interrogate!”
A man who looked like their captain drew the sword on his waist and said some scary words.
The guard blocking our way and watching our every move said:
“Captain, one of them has a dagger, the other’s unarmed. Let’s capture the weaker looking one who doesn’t have any weapons!”
The man who was addressed as captain nodded.
“Hmm, the silver haired one does seem stronger. All right, don’t hold back against the silver hair! The two of us should be enough to take on that masked weakling!”
– What was with me tonight?
Did I make up my mind to go all out?
“The opponent’s a suspicious thief, don’t show any mercy!”
I was in top condition.
“The two of them aren’t moving… Hey, intruders! This is your chance to surrender! You might get to keep your life! Now, just give up…”
I didn’t know why, but my condition tonight was excellent.
– The man known as captain took a stance with his sword against me.
“…”
Seeing me stretch out my hand quietly, he lowered his sword.
“Oh? You want to surrender? Okay, that silver haired guy over there, put down your weapon too! Then you can keep your- AAAH!?
The moment he touched my hand, the captain screamed and fell to the ground trembling.
“What–?”
Everyone present gasped in shock, including Chris.
The one known as the captain did have great stamina.
But aside from Darkness, whose physical power could rival a monster, no one could withstand my Drain Touch when I was in pristine condition.
“W-What did this guy do–?”
Seeing their captain down on the floor, all the guards took a step back.
At this moment, I–!
“Hahaha! Great! This feels awesome! Power is welling up from within me– I don’t know why, but I’ll let you witness my true prowess tonight!”
“A-Assistant-kun? You’re acting really strange! What happened?”
I charged at the guards–!
“Big Boss! Just turn right around that corner and we’ll see the stairs to the topmost level!”
“All right, I-I got it! B-By the way Assistant-kun, you feel different from usual… Even your tone’s weird, what happened?”
I ran side by side with Chris, with curses coming from behind just like before.
However, the content was a bit different than earlier…
“Thieves! Strong thieves have infiltrated the castle! Get those elite adventurers up, quickly!”
“Listen up! Don’t attack recklessly! The opponent’s skilled, but it seems that he doesn’t plan to kill anyone! Even so, don’t act rashly!”
“Knight commander! Please evacuate to the safe zone!!”
“B-But we can’t let that masked man go any further…!”
As I started getting into my groove, the guards showed incredible fear.
Oh, enemy ahead!
“Get out of the way, the Silver Haired Thieving Group’s coming through! If you don’t want to get hurt, make way!”
“Assistant-kun, when did we decide on that name? Things have blown up, so you can be the leader, change it to Masked Thieving Group or something, quick…”
I raised my hand toward the sword-wielding guard before me…!
“Wind Breath!”
“Ughh! Damn, always using such tricks… AAAH~!”
I blew the dirt in my hand over with wind magic.
And then grabbed the hand of the blinded guard and used Drain Touch while pressing his weapon down.
I immobilized the opponent in a couple of seconds and said nonchalantly:
“Masked Thieving Group’s no good. It sounds as if I’m the mastermind, I don’t like it.”
“I don’t want to be the mastermind! I didn’t want to make a ruckus and attract so much attention! If things go badly, I’ll be targeted just because I have silver hair! And what’s that technique you just used?”
I couldn’t tell her straight that I could use the skills of a lich.
“This is my certain kill technique, so I can’t reveal too much. That aside– I won’t be able to handle it if the opponent also uses magic… Hey, someone that looks like a mage really showed up! I’ll leave him to you, Big Boss!”
Three guards, looking as if they just got up from bed, blocked our path.
Two of them wore armor and one of them had a robe.
“Leave it to me! I’ll take care of that one…! Skill Bind!”
Chris used a skill faster than the robed mage.
“Lightning! … Hmm? What!?”
The mage was stumped when his magic failed to activate.
I took out my rope as I ran.
“Bind!”
I threw the rope at the two guards.
The rope moved under the effect of magic and tied the soldiers as if it had a will of its own, sealing their movement.
The skill Chris taught me was very useful during a crisis.
But it was a rather powerful skill, so it consumed a lot of mana. However, …!
I approached that robed man and absorbed his mana until he fainted.
My mana that was depleted after using Bind refilled instantly.
“Another one of our guys is down! What’s with that guy? And he’s unarmed!”
“Where are the adventurers? Haven’t the powerful adventurers arrived yet?”
The guards’ shouts were now no different from screams.
“B-Because… The alcohol content was higher for the feast, they’re all dead drunk…”
“Adventurers aren’t reliable after all!”
I sighed in relief after hearing that shout from behind me.
When facing high level adventurers, my disadvantage would be too obvious.
“Knights and guards are a terrible matchup against opponents with thieving skills! Can’t we do anything about this?”
“It’s impossible to use the mana intensive Bind repeatedly…! Does this guy have lots of manatite on him…?”
“But I didn’t see him take any manatite out! Which means…”
“That thief has enough mana to rival the Crimson Demons…?”
I heard the conversation from the guards behind me.
Their evaluation of me was rising a lot, even though I was just absorbing more mana from them with Drain Touch.
And so…
“Ahhh! No, don’t let them get to the topmost level! I don’t know what their goal is, but Her Highness Iris is there…!”
The two of us sprinted toward the topmost level where Iris was–
“Wire Trap! Wire Trap! Wire Trap!”
“All right, no one can break through here any time soon! Next, we’ll…”
Chris breathed a sigh of relief, and then–
“– I just need to arrest the both of you and ask what your objectives are… Who are the two of you? Are you the rumored chivalrous thief?”
Turning back, I saw Mitsurugi standing there fully armed.
And…
“To cut off your own retreat path… Intruders, you can’t escape.”
The ones who announced this were Claire and Rain, both wearing serious expressions.
And a large number of nobles’ knights and nobles were watching from afar.
“What should we do, Assistant-kun? There are too many of them! We’re trapped!”
Chris quietly said with a slightly hoarse voice.
Taking a good look, there weren’t any other mages aside from Rain.
With Mitsurugi leading the way, the knights drew their swords and edged closer.
The other nobles thought the match was already set, and were amusedly watching the show of the knights shooting fish in a barrel.
“Claire-san, I heard that masked man’s very strong. He might be unarmed, but who knows what he’ll do if we push him. I’ll take him on, so please deal with the silver-haired young man with the knights.”
“… Hey, Assistant-kun, why am I being treated like a boy since just now? Do I really look that much like a guy with the cloth covering my mouth?”
“The root of the issue’s your slender body… Big boss, don’t be depressed, now’s the crucial moment.”
I consoled Chris, who was noticeably saddened by my follow up remark, and faced Mitsurugi.
Mitsurugi carefully took a stance with his hands on the hilt of his magic sword and stared at me.
“Big Boss, if we take down the strongest guy, we can intimidate the others. Allow me to defeat that good for nothing cool guy in an instant. Let’s break through in the confusion right after that.”
“Hey, I heard that. The ‘good for nothing cool guy’ you mentioned is me, right? Defeat me in an instant…? I’m really being looked down upon by an unarmed man. All right, I’ll show you my true…”
Before Mitsurugi finished, I raised my hand toward his magic sword.
As a high level adventurer with a top-tier job, Mitsurugi should be able to withstand my Drain Touch for quite a while, even if I managed to steal his weapon.
“This movement, are you planning to use Steal? Unfortunately, after I lost to a certain man, I now carry a lot of redundant items on my person to guard against this skill. Just give up now and…”
“Freeze.”
I cut off Mitsurugi’s words and used freezing magic.
It was just beginner magic, so Mitsurugi thought it was just a move to keep him in check. He continued to move cautiously against me.
I walked toward him openly…
“What are you scheming? Take this…?”
He went to perform a sword drawing strike, but was surprised when the magic sword wouldn’t budge because the sheath had been frozen.
I used this chance to cover Mitsurugi’s mouth and nose with my hand…!
“Create Water!”
“Guuguu?!”
Water filled Mitsurugi’s mouth, and he grabbed my hand in a panic as he drowned.
“Can you admit your loss and back down?”
When he heard what I said, he shut his mouth to resist and clenched his fists…!
“Freeze!”
“Kah!”
One instant before his fist hit me, the water in his nose and mouth froze into ice. He shivered violently.
“Mitsurugi-dono!”
Claire screamed. I let go of Mitsurugi and he knelt to the ground with both hands on his throat.
“He probably won’t suffocate if you help him defrost. Is there anyone else who thinks he’s stronger than this fellow? Come at me if you have the guts! … Big Boss, now’s our chance! Charge in!”
“I can’t figure out whether you’re strong or weak. However, I certainly don’t want to be your enemy…”
Mitsurugi was defeated in an instant as I predicted, making the knights around me back away in fear.
Chris, who was still making sarcastic comments, broke through the encirclement of knights together with me.
“Rain, being a little rough will be fine, but thaw Mitsurugi’s throat quick! And what’s the lot of you doing? Attack them! Even if Mitsurugi-dono’s defeated, we can’t just let them get away!”
“But from their high evasion rate, the two of them probably have the Escape skill! If they’re determined to run, we can’t do anything…! Hey! Split into two groups! The thieves won’t know the layout of the castle as well as we do! You lot, flank them!”
“Calm down everyone, we can capture them in no time, so stay calm!”
The nobles in front of us started fleeing in all directions, getting in the way of the knight’s pursuit.
Taking this chance during the chaos, Chris and I both used Bind on the knights.
They assumed we weren’t familiar with the layout of the castle. Unfortunately for them, I didn’t wander around the castle all these days for nothing.
If we pass through here…!
“Assistant-kun, behind you! An attack is coming!”
Turning back, I saw Rain, who had healed Mitsurugi, pointing her staff my way as she chanted.
“Princess Iris is right ahead! Instead of letting them through, we should kill them right here! We can ask Aqua-dono to use resurrection on them afterwards!! Rain, just do it!”
While Claire was shouting frantically, an eerie glow started shining on the tip of Rain’s staff.
Taking the bow slung on my back, I shot an arrow at the tip of the staff!
“Snipe!”
“Hyaa?”
The tip of the staff shattered and Rain let out a soft cry. She was too scared to move.
Claire and the knights who saw this looked shocked.
“Who is that guy? Why is such a skilled person resorting to thievery?”
Claire vexingly groaned as she watched us escape.
“– Iris’s room is right ahead. Big Boss, please place a web here.”
“Understood. My mana’s almost depleted, so this is the last one.”
Once we reached the corridor to Iris’s room, Chris set a trap to block off any pursuers.
Thanks to our Escape skill, we had a huge lead over the guards chasing us.
Standing before the entrance to Iris’s room, we opened the door…!
“Intruders, you actually made it this far? Protecting the people, the country, and the royal family is the duty of house Dustiness, so I’ll…”
We closed the door gently.
“Don’t shut the door! What did you come here for…?”
Darkness opened the door with a bang and froze after seeing us.
No problem, we haven’t been exposed! Not exposed!
“B-Big Boss! Stop shivering and get to work! No matter how strong the female crusader before us looks, there’s no need to be surprised! We have something important to do for the sake of this kingdom!”
“T-T-That’s right, Assistant-kun! We still have a job to do for the sake of this country. It might be shady, but this is definitely for a just cause!”
“That’s the way, Big Boss! The people in this kingdom don’t realize how dangerous the accessory on Her Highness’s body is! If not for us, the princess will be in danger!”
After hearing our dubious explanation, Darkness’s face kept spasming. No problem, we haven’t been exposed! Probably!
“Assistant-kun, let’s charge in, we’ll apologize for it later!”
“That’s right! We’ll be forgiven if we explain the situation after the fact!”
“Hey, hey…! W-What are the two of you…?”
“What’s the matter, Darkness? I already told you plenty of times that you have to prevail verbally before fighting the battle.”
Darkness was blocking my view, so I couldn’t see inside the room, but it seemed like Megumin was here too.
“Make way, it’s just a couple of thieves, I’ll capture them! I haven’t recovered enough to use magic, but I’m confident in a brawl! This afternoon, I even defeated three… Delinquents…”
After seeing us barge into the room, Megumin stopped swinging her staff.
No problem! It’s salvageable!
Megumin was smart, so even if she realized who we were, she wouldn’t…!
“So, so cool…!”
I just needed to tell her the divine relic in Iris’s possession was dangerous… Hmm…?
She was looking straight at my face and shaking with flushed cheeks.
“What should I do, Darkness? This chivalrous thief really knows his stuff! Wearing such a cool mask and black attire! What about the name? Is the name of the thieving group decided yet?”
Seems like we weren’t exposed.
After the sparkly-eyed Megumin grabbed Darkness’s shoulders and shook her, she finally got it.
“… D-Damn it, villain… Behind me is… As a member of house Dustiness, I…”
She squeezed out some lines meekly and took a weak stance.
Realizing what our intention was, she was willing to help us.
Darkness clenched her fist as if she was enduring something.
Oh no, how should I explain this to her later?
Forget it, for her own good, I should tie her up.
“Bind!”
I tied Darkness up with a skill. Darkness exhaled in relief after being bound.
This way, she could lie that she was no match for me and was subdued…
“Sacred Spell Break!”
Aqua’s voice reverberated in the room.
The binding magic Darkness was under got dispelled and the rope harmlessly fell to the ground.
“Too bad, but it’s over for you with me around! I don’t know why you’re here, but if I seize you two, I’ll get some great wine! As you can see, I can neutralize any spells! Just give up obediently!”
Aqua, still cradling her wine bottle, came out from the depths of the room.
Damn it, this thing was usually useless, and she just had to choose this moment to act competently; how infuriating!
Why did she always–always mess up my plans at the critical moment?
“Darkness, now’s your chance! Apprehend them! Megumin became a coward for some reason, so it’s all down to you now!”
Urged on by Aqua, the sulking Darkness raised her sword. I could hear the footsteps of the pursuers behind me.
“Big Boss, we can’t stay too long because of that idiot here! Iris’s right in there, we just need to charge in and use Steal…!”
“We can then steal the divine relic! But, your skill…”
That’s right; I don’t know why, but when I use Steal against a female, I’d steal their underwear.
At this moment, curses came from behind.
“Cut the web open! The objective of the villains is Her Highness Iris!”
There wasn’t much time left.
It might hurt Iris, but in order to increase the odds of stealing the divine relic…!
“W-With my full powered horizontal slice, I’ll bury you ruffians!”
Darkness shouted and slashed weakly.
We dodged under the sword and pounced further into the room.
“Really Darkness, why are you so stupid? Why are you telling them your move? That’s why you’re known as a muscle head!”
“… Ugh.”
Darkness, who was called stupid by the real idiot, blinked back her tears.
Standing by the side, Megumin watched us with eyes of admiration, as if I were the protagonist in a television drama…
After that, from the depths of the room we were targeting–
Iris held a rapier decorated elegantly in her right hand, and her left hand was stretched out our way.
The ring on her finger sparkled, its white light increasing in intensity…!
“Intruders, I’m a member of the powerful royal family and inherited the bloodlines of heroes! Don’t think you can… Easily…”
Iris, who was ready for battle, opened her eyes wide after seeing us.
The light in her ring dimmed and her voice faded.
Now!
“Steal!”
Chris and I activated steal at the same time, grabbing something that was on Iris’s body.
“Princess Iris! Are you all right?”
At the same time, the voice of Claire came from behind.
Damn it, there was no time to confirm what we stole!
“Assistant-kun, head for the balcony! It’s a swimming pool down there, so if we jump in there…!”
Chris went straight past Iris with something in hand and shouted!
“From what happened, I finally know your objective’s that thing! I don’t know what that is, but don’t think you can take it away so easily!”
Aqua reached out toward Chris’s back.
This thing was still trying to get in the way at the very last moment!
“Seal–!!”
“Shit, ahhh!”
Chris and I leapt out of the terrace toward the dark swimming pool–!
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
– The next morning.
The capital was in upheaval after what happened last night.
That was expected, since the legendary chivalrous thief duo stormed the castle and robbed the princess’s magic item by force.
And there were many powerful adventurers in the castle that night.
Legends about the exploits of the silver-haired man and masked man exploded within the capital in an instant.
– And right now.
Something incredible was happening in the room I was in.
“D-D-Darkness, please, calm down! There’s a reason for this, ahhh! It’s cracking, it’s cracking, my skull’s going to explode!”
“Hey, listen to my explanation! After listening, you’ll understand that this is for a good cause! Please, listen to me first! I can’t take it if you use any more strength, I’ll die!”
“I’ll listen! I’ll listen, all right? Right, I’m listening! This is just preparation before I listen to your explanation! I’ll judge after listening to your explanation whether I’ll strangle you two to death!”
Chris and I were called to a certain room in an inn and were caught by her iron claw.
“Dark-Darkness! I can’t talk! I can’t talk like this!”
“Stop! I was coerced by Chris; the mastermind’s the Big Boss Chris!”
After grabbing our temples and lifting us up, Darkness showed a stern expression.
“H-How can you say that? Ow, ow! N-No, listen to me Darkness! Assistant-kun was really eager to do it! I was the one who proposed it, but when I wanted to withdraw after things blew up, Assistant-kun was the one who insisted we continue to break through!”
“That’s not right, Big Boss! I only joined the thieving group for one day! I’m just a minion with no status in the organization!”
“What thieving group? It’s just me and you! What hierarchy is there with just the two of us?”
Forced to kneel on the floor with our temples grabbed tightly, Chris and I tried with all our might to push the responsibility to each other.
The furious expression on Darkness’s face was not appeased.
“Hey.”
“?”
Darkness said coldly while we were bickering.
“Spit it out.”
We told her what happened honestly.
“– You two are really… Why didn’t you tell me? If you just told me about it clearly from the start, you wouldn’t need to do something so foolish. I would’ve definitely helped the both of you.”
After hearing us out, Darkness sighed deeply.
“Even if you say that… That’s a divine relic that can swap bodies, all right? If used well, immortality would be possible. When I heard about this, I wanted to inform the big wigs too. However, Chris said the more authority a person has, the more they’d crave for this, and even royalty would abuse this divine relic…”
“I-I thought it’d be fine to tell Darkness! When I suggested asking Darkness for help, Assistant-kun said: ‘Hey stop! Darkness is a noble, if Chris’s real identity is revealed to the nobles, she’ll be placed in a bad situation.’. And so I changed my mind!”
“Ah! W-Why, you!”
Seeing us bickering again, Darkness sighed.
“It’s too late for that now. Luckily, only I know about the real identity of you two. Chris, your silver hair is too prominent, so you should leave the capital as soon as possible and return to Axel. Kazuma… Return to the castle with me immediately.”
“Hmm? … Ah, you grabbed me too tightly just now, it still hurts! Sorry, let me rest here for a while…”
“Stop acting dumb and follow me! We’re going to pick up Aqua and Megumin and bid farewell to Her Highness Iris.”
“Even if you say that, I don’t dare go to the castle now that it’s on high alert after last night…! There’s no guarantee that things won’t go wrong. If I’m suspected and they bring out that lie detecting magic item, I’ll be done for!”
Chris scratched her cheeks with a wry smile as she watched me being dragged away and said:
“Well, work hard, Assistant-kun! And the divine relic’s been sent to a place where it can never be stolen, so don’t worry. I-I’ll make a move…”
“… Wait, Chris.”
“? W-What is it?”
Chris’s shoulders shivered as she was about to leave in a hurry.
“Is that all of your secrets? Do you have anything else you want to tell me?”
“… Ugh.”
“Seems like there is! So, what else are you keeping from me? I’ve known you for a long time, so I know your habits when you’re in a pinch! That’s right, you’ll scratch the scar on your cheek! Tell me quick! What secrets are you keeping from me?”
Forced into a corner, Chris looked toward me for help.
No matter how much you look… If I don’t know what other secrets you have, I won’t be able to help…
Chris pointed my way.
“Assistant-kun stole something other than the divine relic!”
“Ahhh! You traitor!!”
“You criminal scum! What else did you steal? Now you’re a real thief! Hand it over! What exactly did you steal?”
I gave up resisting and handed a book to her.
Darkness started flipping through it.
“Why you…”
She sat down onto the floor weakly. At this moment, Chris muttered to herself.
“Ah… Right, he stole that too.”
“Hmm?”
“… Oh? Is there something else?”
When she heard that, Darkness stood up again and reached out her hand.
Did I steal anything else?
What else was there?
“Oh, ahhh! And this thing too! Back then, I used Steal on Iris…”
I handed the thing I got from Iris to Darkness.
It was a ring Iris was wearing.
When she was preparing to take on me and Chris, the ring glowed. It should be some sort of magic item.
Darkness frowned as she stared at the ring on my palm. And then–
“…? Y-Y-You…? You actually stole that from Her Highness Iris?”
“Yes, yes I did… What, don’t be so alarmed, your shocked expression is scarier than your angry face! This isn’t anything important, right? Hey, are you trying to intimidate me?”
After staring at the ring for a while, she returned it to my hand gently.
“Listen well, Kazuma. Don’t ever lose this ring, you hear me? And don’t let anyone know about this. Take it to your grave.”
“Hey, don’t say that! S-Since it’s something so important, I’ll just say that I happened to find this on the street and return it, okay?”
“You fool! This is something the children of royalty will wear all the time, and will only be removed as a gift for their partner in marriage! Lying about it being picked up by an adventurer on the street after it was stolen, this preposterous lie’s too…! … Even if you return it out of goodwill, you’ll most likely be killed to keep the news from leaking out.”
“What the hell, that’s scary! Ah, Chris! Where do you think you’re going? Take responsibility for involving me in this troublesome problem! Sneak into Iris’s room and return the ring!”
“That’s too scary! I don’t wanna! Why do you always steal something you shouldn’t with your skill? And Darkness, you’ve changed. You’re actually thinking of hiding this? You were so inflexible in the past… Are you more flexible in handling matters…? But I’ve got a feeling you’ve been deeply poisoned by Assistant-kun!”
“What…? W-Wait! I don’t feel that way! Did I really change? Is it so bad that I don’t have time to worry about how much Princess Iris’s been poisoned by Kazuma?”
Ignoring Darkness, who looked as if she suffered a huge blow, I held the ring under the sun.
“… Can’t be helped. I’ll bury it on the way back to the mansion so no one will ever find it.”
“Don’t talk nonsense! That’s something so important that Her Highness Iris keeps it with her all the time! No matter what, you have to keep this ring on you and cherish it, and also make sure no one ever finds it!”
“What kind of punishment game is this? Sigh, I understand. Then return that book to me. You can’t return that thing to the castle now anyway.”
“……”
The two of them looked at each other when they heard that, not knowing what to say–
– I was a walking corpse after the hellish suffering I went through when I arrived at the castle together with Darkness.
“Hey, walk properly! How can you be so dejected before Princess Iris?”
“Eh… Oh… What…? There’s no need to burn it… That was the only reward I got from silently saving the kingdom…”
“Stop complaining! How unsightly. The lighter you invented was put to good use back then. That’s a great item.”
“I didn’t invent the lighter for that… Ugh… Ugh… My precious…”
The book I was planning to keep as my ultimate treasure was burned by these two. That’s why I was so dejected.
Chris will probably leave the capital before they start their manhunt for the silver-haired thief.
She mentioned that she would return to Axel if she felt like it. We’ll definitely meet again.
Well, I had fun working together with Chris this time.
If my identity was exposed and I became a wanted criminal, I might consider forming a thieving band with her.
I thought about that as I walked behind Darkness. Finally, Darkness stopped in front of Iris’s room.
“… If I bring you in when you’re in such a condition, I think you’ll screw things up. I’ll explain about the divine relic, so you only need to properly stand there.”
“… Then why’d you bring me along? My mental condition isn’t stable right now, so if you leave me alone, I might just do something in the castle.”
“Are you a kid? It can’t be helped, so you better not do anything unnecessary! I’ll explain the danger of that relic, and act out a scene, suggesting the idea that ‘the objective of the chivalrous thieves was to save Princess Iris!’ That’ll be enough! Don’t create any more problems!”
I pushed Darkness who kept reminding me about that and opened the door wide.
“Moron! Can’t you even knock? … Your Highness Iris, this is Dustiness here! I’ve something urgent to consult with you!”
When I entered the room with Darkness, inside was–
“Hmph, with me around, there’s nothing to worry about! That dangerous divine relic’s been sealed by me and can’t be used! So rest easy! And that thief really targeted something amazing, huh?”
“As a magic item expert of the Crimson Demons, I can guarantee that no one will be able to craft a divine relic of that level. This means that the incident is resolved!”
Megumin and Aqua who didn’t really do anything kept talking arrogantly.
“As expected of Aqua-dono and Megumin-dono, we can finally rest easy! When I heard about the true powers of that magic item from Aqua-dono, my face turned green!”
Rain sighed in relief and smiled gladly.
“… Speaking of which, what could the motives of these thieves be? From their reputation, they don’t seem to be people who’d misuse the divine relic… Hmm? Lady Dustiness… And even this guy’s here?”
Claire was as cold as ever.
It seemed that Aqua already explained the dangers of the divine relic to them.
“After their investigation, everyone knows how dangerous the divine relic is… We don’t need to act anymore.”
Having realized this, Darkness, sighed in relief before Iris and the others.
“… Maybe the two of them were here to save me? They knew about the danger of that necklace, but were afraid that someone might target that divine relic if they told someone about it…?”
Iris, who was standing in the middle of the room surrounded by everyone, said that. For some reason, she was staring straight at me…
… Could it be… She noticed my real identity as the thief?
“Princess Iris, that’s unlikely. The citizens might hold the chivalrous thief in high regards, but they wouldn’t take the risk to break into the royal castle for such a noble reason.”
Claire said as she vexingly shut her eyes.
“… If that’s true, the two of them deserve our respect…”
She softly said afterwards, with just a hint of respect mixed in.
My friendliness value for Claire that was rock bottom spiked up instantly.
“Speaking of which, just who are the two of them? I thought I had a good grasp of powerful adventurers, but I don’t know where they came from. Especially that masked man… I only faced off against him for an instant, but he broke my staff from a great distance in that short moment.”
Hmm, what was this feeling? Her words really made me happy, maybe…
“That masked man, huh? He’s really cool, right? And that mask and all black clothes! It really moved me! Next time we meet, I’ll ask for his autograph!”
“Me-Megumin-dono, he’s still a criminal… Still, but that masked chivalrous thief’s really strong… He subdued Mitsurugi-dono in an instant, despite being unarmed; I heard he took out half the knights in the castle…”
Megumin and Claire sighed.
Oh no, what should I do? I really felt like telling them that cool guy was me!
“What’s the matter, Kazuma? Why are you laughing so disgustingly?”
Aqua, who was cradling the bottle just like yesterday, said.
It seemed about time to take that bottle from her.
Claire glared at me at the same time.
“That’s right, what’s with your stupid grin? Such a pity, your chance to catch the chivalrous thief is gone… But even if you had the chance, you’d be no match for that masked man, sigh… Really, why’s that masked man working as a thief? If he wasn’t a criminal, I would’ve taken him in… We’ll meet again one day…”
Toward the end, Claire’s face turned slightly red. This was the first time I saw her acting like a woman.
I really wish to know whether this person was praising me or speaking ill of me.
Next to me, Darkness had a weird expression as she kept quiet.
… At that moment, Iris looked my way.
“That chivalrous thief’s really handsome!”
She said while staring straight at me.
Hmm, this…
Was my real identity…?
“The following’s my assumption: The two of them only took action because they were worried about me… Maybe, I’ve fallen for that chivalrous thief…”
All right, I’ll confess my identity!
When Darkness realized that I was going to take out my mask from my backpack, she glared at me and restrained my hand.
To stop her from bothering me, I prepared to use Drain Touch…!
“Where could he be right now…? That silver-haired leader…”
… I lowered my hand.
I knew this would happen!
After seeing my suspicious actions, Iris lowered her blushing face, her shoulders shaking slightly.
… Hey, was she laughing right now?
Finally, Iris stopped trembling and lifted her head, looked at me straight in the eyes as I was feeling petty, and in a slightly quivering voice,
“… O-Onii-sama, I have a request.”
“Y-Your Highness Iris?”
Claire, who felt that something was wrong, didn’t know what to say.
Aside from forcefully bringing me to the castle, Iris had never made any willful request–
As if she had made up her mind, she clenched her fist and had a serious expression.
Just when she was about to say something–
“Princess Iris, please allow me to make a request first.”
Darkness who was beside me suddenly interjected.
Everyone turned their gaze to Darkness who fell on one knee and threw me a glance.
“This Satou Kazuma has indeed defeated many Demon King’s Generals. He might even be the one who defeats the Demon King. Doing so will be very difficult, not something anyone can do… May you give some words of encouragement to this brave one who’s taking on this highly impossible obstacle?”
Me, defeat, what?
“… Defeat the Demon King? Really? Onii-sama, are you planning to defeat the Demon King?”
You too Iris, why ask such a question with a serious face?
This sort of thing was of course…
“Eh, ah, if there’s a chance, I might consider subjugating… The Demon King…?”
As I looked into her eyes, my answer started to waver…
From behind me, I could hear the sneer of Claire.
However, …
“Is that so…? Onii-sama can surely do so. Please work hard in subjugating the Demon King… May onii-sama be victorious in all your battles!”
Iris smiled cheerfully as she said that, and everyone fell silent.
– No, someone still wanted to say something.
“Stop it with the ‘onii-sama, onii-sama’! You already have your own blood related onii-sama! Why are you so intimate with him? You’re weakening my reason for existing if you keep using that term! I’ll bury the Demon King then! No need for Kazuma to go!”
Getting angry for some reason, Megumin suddenly said something stupid.
“O-Onii-sama’s onii-sama! What’s wrong with me calling onii-sama as ‘onii-sama’? And it’d be meaningless for you to defeat the Demon King! I want onii-sama to be the one who defeats him!”
“I told you to stop it with the ‘onii-sama’ and you start repeatedly saying it, are you looking for a fight?”
“W-Wanna go? R-Royalty are very strong!”
Darkness hastily separated the two who were in each other’s face.
“Hey Megumin, stop! You had such a good relation with the princess just yesterday, but you’re quarrelling with her now? What are you trying to do?”
“Your Highness Iris, please calm down! You’ve never quarreled with anyone before, why are you doing that so suddenly?”
In order to get back on topic, I said to Iris, who was panting hard:
“… Well then, what’s your request? You can ask for anything.”
I had some hope for this request.
From her reaction just now, did she want me to continue staying in this castle…!
“Request… My request is…”
She was the one who was making the request, but she seemed very hesitant.
“We’ve yet to settle the match for our game. Please do so with me one day, okay?”
Smiling just like a child pulling a prank, she really looked her age right now.
In the musty cellar, the panting sound ‘Yee– Yee–’ could be heard intermittently.
No matter how many times I heard it, it still sounded disgusting.
“Hey, Max… Get up Max!”
After being kicked hard, the one who was panting got up nonchalantly.
“Yee– Yee– W-What is it, Alderp? You looking for me? Ah, your emotions are tasty today too, Alderp!”
Those words sounded like he was toying with me, so I subconsciously kicked the devil before me.
Devil.
That’s right, the disgusting man here was a devil.
If you look closely, he seemed to be a very handsome youth, but there were no emotions on his face as he kept pouting, giving an eerie air about him.
“If not for my problem, who would come to you… There’s a job for you. My divine relic has been stolen by a thief and sealed. You’re to get it back and unseal it, understand?”
“Yee– Yee– Alderp, Alderp! This is impossible, Alderp! I don’t know where the divine relic is, and it’s normally impossible to seal them. If it’s sealed, I can’t do anything about it…?”
I used all my strength to kick the devil who kept finding excuses.
“You can’t even do this, you piece of trash? Just when are you going to grant my wish? Lalatina! You should’ve brought Lalatina over by now! Why can’t you even do something so simple?”
“Yee– Yee– Yee– Yee–”
After being kicked a few times, the devil hugged his head and panted disgustingly.
Is this devil an idiot?
What a hopeless idiot.
He doesn’t have the ability to remember things and will forget the orders given immediately.
Ah… No matter the price, I’ve got to get that divine relic back.
Things had been progressing too smoothly, so I got careless.
If I knew, I wouldn’t have aimed for the prince’s body so aggressively.
– After setting up a marriage pact between Lalatina and the prince, I planned to take control of the prince’s body and take everything I wanted into my hands.
The chance to grasp everything slipped away just like that.
In the end, a thief stole the divine relic out of nowhere.
Originally, I just needed to hand the relic to the prince, chant the key phrase, destroy this body, and the plan would work.
I regretted missing my chance, but the pressing matter right now was to find the relic.
Ah, I should’ve swapped bodies with my son Walther…
If I don’t get the relic back, the entire reason I adopted that kid will be gone.
I worked so hard to find a handsome and smart kid.
If the matchmaking with Lalatina would’ve worked back then, there wouldn’t be a need to take such a big risk…!
“Lalatina! Lalatina! You are mine, Lalatina! Do you know how long I’ve been watching you? Lalatina!”
In the dim cellar, I shouted because of my fury of losing the divine relic.
“Yee– Yee–! Yee– Yee–! You’re the best, Alderp! I really like the way you’re true to your desires and your cruelty! I really want to fulfill your wish as soon as possible and collect my price, Alderp! Come, give me work to do, Alderp! Tell me your desires quick, Alderp! Alderp!”
The disgusting devil started yelling.
What was with this guy?
He couldn’t retain his memories at all. No matter how many times I repeated my wish, he’d forget about it.
If he wasn’t such a ‘free lunch’ provider, granting my wish without paying the price, I would’ve summoned another devil long ago.
The rock in my hand…
The divine relic that can summon and command random monsters was held in my hand.
“I’ve only one wish! Bring me Lalatina! She belongs to me!”
I shouted my wish for the umpteenth time to the disgusting devil.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
When the teleportation magic circle conjured by Rain disappeared, the surroundings became silent.
Just the absence of a few made such a huge difference. That was amazing.
“Your Highness Iris… Please don’t be too sad…”
Claire said to me as I stared at the place where the magic circle was.
“I understand that Your Highness had a happy and wonderful time when that guy came here. But… That guy lives in a different world from nobles, after all. If you invest too much emotionally in a man, you’ll feel devastated when the time comes for you to marry. If you wish to scold me, please feel free to do so. But Princess, you have to understand…”
Claire then lowered her head deeply. I couldn’t see her eyes.
Next to her, Rain also lowered her head.
“I’m fine, please raise your heads.”
The two of them lifted their heads slowly when they heard that.
Just from the pained expressions on their faces, I understood how worried they were for me, and their resolve when they made their decision.
I didn’t hate them at all.
There was no reason to.
Lifting my hand into the air, I stared at my left fingers.
Only a part of the skin on my left ring finger was paler than the others.
Because I’ve worn this ring on my finger for a long time, and because I stayed under the sun for so long.
“…! M-My deep apologies! Because of my incompetence, your precious ring’s…!”
“I’m ready to take any punishment to make up for this mistake…!”
Seeing me looking at the mark where my ring used to be, the two of them were overcome with guilt.
However, I wasn’t feeling sad about my ring being stolen…
“The two of you have done your best. The thief managed to escape despite the congregation of powerful adventurers here, so no one could’ve stopped the ring from being stolen. When my father returns, I’ll ask him not to punish you two. So don’t treat this matter too seriously, all right?”
When she heard that, Claire shrank her body further.
Claire was really competent, but too serious sometimes.
I think she should spend some time with him and learn how to be more flexible.
That’s right, just like Lalatina.
“Thank you for your clemency, princess… Not only did you lose your important ring, but you also have to be apart from that person… Your Highness Iris, if that guy manages to vanquish one of the Demon King’s Generals again, you can meet with him once more…”
Claire consoled me with a complicated expression.
– Vanquishing one of the Demon King’s Generals.
This was a demanding task, but to him, it was just a walk in the park.
“You’re right; I think that I’ll meet him again soon.”
After replying with a smile, Claire’s expression twisted in pain.
At this moment, Rain said in a very cheerful voice to encourage me:
“By the way, after seeing how Princess Iris was acting, I thought you would’ve said something willful when you parted with Kazuma-sama, and had steeled myself for that… But you handled it smoothly. I was worried about Kazuma-sama’s negative influence, but thankfully, you didn’t behave that way.”
The atmosphere lightened in an instant.
“After all, I already made a promise with onii-sama.”
I said to the two of them with a smile.
“Promise…? Ah, you mean the part about settling the match next time? Your Highness, you must defeat that man, all right?”
Claire remembered another promise, but…
– Since ancient times, this kingdom had a custom.
The hero who defeated the Demon King and returned victoriously will earn the right to take the Princess as his wife–
… I looked at the mark where my ring was once again and said in a volume they couldn’t hear.
“I hope… Onii-sama keeps that ring carefully.”
With Rain’s teleport, we returned to Axel, our home.
“Ahhhhhh!”
I pounced onto the couch and screamed as I rolled around.
Darkness took a glance at me, then sat on the chair beside the couch and started sipping tea.
“Hey, you’re noisy. You’ll disturb the neighbors, go to the suburbs if you want to shout.”
“Stop joking with me, bitch! You’re always getting in my way during the crucial moments! If you didn’t bring up something stupid like the ‘Demon King’, Iris would’ve requested for something else! Like wanting to be together with onii-sama, wanting to date onii-sama, wanting to sleep with onii-sama or something!”
“You just said something incredible! Don’t forget that Princess Iris is just twelve!! And she wouldn’t make those requests! At the very most, she would ask you to be the official court jester. Also, you only lived together with Her Highness for just a week! Why are you so confident that you’ve won her heart in such a short time? Face reality… Here, I made some tea for you, drink it and calm down.”
“Don’t pull me away from my fantasy life with the princess so suddenly! I don’t want to hear your logic! We just bid farewell, give me some buffer time to get over it!”
Megumin glanced sideways at our bickering and sat down on my other side.
“You too, Megumin? I know you’ve got a short temper, but that last quarrel wasn’t necessary, right?”
“That was just an unavoidable battle between fellow little sister type characters, and I don’t want to lose either. Actually, things were going fine when I went out on a trip with the princess. However, we didn’t finish the task we set out to do because she picked a fight with ruffians. That’s a farewell gift that fits my style, right?”
I wanted to retort with: ‘You’re the loli type, not the little sister type’, and ‘Don’t teach the princess weird things’. Still, she had grown really close to Iris before I realized it.
They were almost the same age, so they should be something like friends.
It was probably painful for her to bid farewell to her friend.
I took the tea Darkness offered me as I thought. Right then, Megumin took out a piece of paper and started writing quickly.
I took a look and it seemed to be a letter for someone.
It must be for Iris.
As I drank my tea, I smiled wryly at her actions that weren’t honest at all.
Aqua couldn’t wait a moment longer as she took some wine glasses from the kitchen, placed the bottle and glasses on the table, and sat down on the couch.
“Megumin, what are you writing? … I know, it must be a letter to the princess, huh? After the party ended last night, you even went to her room and chatted with her a while. She even addressed you as Megumin-nee; I think you two are really close.”
In response, Megumin continued writing with a serious face.
“Wrong, this is a fan letter, so I can give it to that masked chivalrous thief if I ever meet him in the future.”
Darkness and I sprayed the tea in our mouths out.
“Hack…! Cough…! M-Megumin, just what do you like about that masked thief? A fan mail isn’t appropriate, right? That guy’s a criminal.”
Seemed like Darkness wasn’t planning to tell her the true identity of that chivalrous thief.
“I really like him though. After all, not many people have such good taste in this day and age. Even in the eyes of the Crimson Demons, that strange attire was out of this world. And they were invincible in their rampage through the castle, even though there were just the two of them. I even thought of standing on their side. This isn’t a love for the opposite sex, but the feeling of wanting to cheer for a hero I looked up to.”
… Oh no, now I don’t dare to say that chivalrous thief was me.
With a crisp ‘pop’, the living room was filled with a mild fragrance.
Aqua seemed to have opened the bottle.
“Hey, that smells nice, give me some too.”
“… You mean: ‘Aqua-sama, please spare a little wine for this humble one’– Right?”
… I decided, I’ll take it from her.
As I stood up to take the bottle from her, Aqua cocked it in a panic and hugged it tightly, balling herself up like a hedgehog.
“Hey, stop your futile resistance! Just give in!”
“No! Please! Spare me! Please, I’ll do anything!”
From the viewpoint of the bystanders, Aqua was acting as if I was going to do something cruel to her.
I violently shook the shoulders of the balled up Aqua. At this moment, Darkness rubbed the insides of her thighs together as she tapped my shoulder with a flushed face.
“… I’m willing to play, let me enjoy that kind of play…”
“Play your ass! You were so cool in the castle and now you’ve become like this? … Damn, hey Aqua!”
I offered a compromise to the stubborn Aqua.
“I’ll go find the delicious wine from Michael-san that’s even praised by the capital. Then we’ll make a bet with our wines. You did well for this incident too, so I’ll give you a handicap on how we’ll bet.”
When Aqua heard that, she lifted her head in a hurry and stared at my face.
“… Really? Kazuma’s so eager to have a bet with me on who to buy the wine? There must be something up your sleeve.”
It seemed that she could still learn from her mistakes.
But at this rate, I’ll still win. I came prepared.
“Look, no matter what you say, we still resolved a crisis in the capital, right? And we made it back home safely, which is cause for celebration. After all, one bottle isn’t enough for the three of us.”
“Wait a minute, you said bottle for three, so you are planning to let me drink juice alone? And what do you mean by return safely, didn’t Kazuma die to kobolds?”
“S-Shut up, you! In the end I’m still alive, and that’s good enough! And it’s still too early for Megumin to drink! I’ll buy some nice ice cold Neroid, so just make do with that.”
When Megumin’s age was mentioned, she smacked at her half-written letter.
“I’m old enough to marry! What’s wrong with drinking a little wine? Want to have a match to see who can drink more?”
As expected of a different world. Yeah, Megumin was old enough to wed.
“Hey, hey, Megumin, it’s better not to drink… But a celebration… Indeed, we stopped the conspiracy of some schemer out there. All right, I’ll cook up some snacks. It’s not a bad idea to host a victory party to celebrate our safe return.”
Darkness got up after saying that and went to the kitchen.
Aqua started fidgeting when she heard the term ‘party’.
“… Hey, Kazuma hasn’t been back for more than a week, so forget about betting. I’ll bring some of my wine out and share it with everyone.”
Aqua placed the bottle on the table again after saying that.
‘You got away this time’– I thought about saying that, but endured it. It was a rare occasion for everyone to be in the mood for a drink.
It was just a short time, but many things happened. I met a cute younger sister and had to bid her farewell. Today, I’ll…
“Well then, I’ll buy the wine. If I let Kazuma go, I think I’ll end up drinking Neroid.”
Megumin said, and then rushed out of the room.
Shortly later, the fragrance of dishes came out from the kitchen.
“The snacks are ready; we just need some tricks to hype up the mood…”
After returning to our normal life, the days I spent in the castle seemed to feel like a dream.
Did I really live for some time together with the princess…?
And she called me onii-sama, and even looked up to me…
To prove to myself that that wasn’t a dream, I took out the ring and stared at it with deep emotions–
At this moment, Aqua, who was looking for things to perform her tricks with, noticed the ring.
“Ah, hey Kazuma, may I borrow that ring for a moment? I’ll show you an amazing trick.”
Seeing Aqua reaching for the ring, I put it away in a hurry–!
Translator: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
“Oh Kazuma. Your death was really pathetic!”
A familiar white room.
After opening my eyes with a start, I locked eyes with Eris, who enthusiastically said that line.
This girl might be unexpectedly mischievous.
And she knew about all sorts of things from Japan too.
“… You’re in a great mood, Eris-sama.”
“Sorry. I’ve always wanted to try saying that famous line once.”
Eris squinted her eyes with a naughty look.
When the extremely beautiful goddess acted this way, my heart skipped a beat.
The goddess scratched her cheek with a troubled expression.
“By the way, Kazuma-san, you aren’t frantic at all even though you’re here… Well, the others are safe, they’re far away from the Hydra right now. Your corpse has been retrieved after Darkness let the Hydra swallow her.”
What a competent goddess.
She’d already told me about my comrades’ safety before I even asked her.
“Intentionally letting the Hydra swallow her… That girl’s really reckless.”
Back then, we managed to retrieve Aqua, who was chased by the Hydra, and Megumin casted Explosion.
… Everything was fine then.
“Speaking of which, what the hell was that? That’s cheating, growing back the heads it lost; there’s no way we can defeat that, right?”
I started complaining to Eris.
That’s right, everything was fine up until the point when it took a shot from the Explosion.
However, the Hydra, which lost several of its heads, started regenerating with magic.
And moved as if nothing had happened.
And then…
“What happened to my body after I was eaten by the Hydra? I heard that you can’t revive if the damage is too severe…”
Which meant that I’d be dead for good.
“Eh… I-It’s fine! You can revive!! About thirty percent of the body’s lost, but it’ll work!”
I shouldn’t have asked.
“… E-Erm…!”
Looking at the dejected me, Eris asked timidly:
“After you resurrect, please don’t be blame Darkness, all right? She was the one who wilfully brought it up … But she had her reasons too… She’s blaming herself for your death right now and is taking it really hard. Of course, the one who suffered the most is you…”
Eris said worriedly with a frown as she consoled me……
What a gentle person…
Was there someone like that around me?
Wiz? Yunyun?
No, the two of them were gentle, but Eris-sama made me feel warm from the bottom of my heart and put me at ease.
“Don’t worry, I won’t blame her… Anyway, Eris-sama, you mentioned that you’ll go down to the mortal world occasionally to have fun. How about visiting Axel? It feels lonely to not be able to meet you unless I die…”
When she heard what I said, Eris giggled.
“Actually, we’ve already met plenty of times in the mortal world. It’s about time you notice me, okay? I feel a little lonely too.”
She said mischievously…
… Hmm?
“What did you say? We met? Was it in Axel? Hmm?”
Even if she said that, my mind couldn’t keep up.
Met plenty of times?
When?
Eh, did I meet someone like her?
Seeing me falling into confusion, Eris said with a mischievous smile.
“I’ll give you a hint, then. In the mortal world, my appearance is different from now. I’m more energetic, and my manner of speech is different.”
Different appearance?
More energetic, different way of speaking…?
“And even though I’m a goddess, I don’t have to be an Archpriest in the mortal world like senpai…”
“Ah, I know! It’s Marise-san who broke Keith’s nose after he teasingly said, ‘I heard the breast size of Eris’s priests are inversely proportionally to their faith, so it’s true after all, wahahaha!’”
I interrupted the hint and shouted with confidence.
Eris said as she continued to smile:
“… Wrong.”
Huh?
Ah, maybe that person?
“After Dust, who was looking for trouble, said, ‘I heard the goddess Eris wears pads, won’t her devotees get expelled for having large breasts? Are yours real? Or are the two of you wearing pads? If not, let me see it as proof!’, the one who beat Dust up together with Darkness, Celeste-san!”
“No.”
Eris was still smiling, but seemed a little angry.
Not Marise-san or Celeste-san…?
As I was thinking hard.
“Kazuma! Kazuma! The resurrection’s done, so hurry up and come back! Darkness is smelly and seems very depressed right now! Come back already!”
The voice of Aqua who couldn’t read the mood as usual came.
I was concerned about the depressed Darkness, but instead of that.
“Eris-sama, I give up! I give up, I’m sorry! Please tell me the answer, please! If not, I’ll receive divine retribution if I unknowingly do anything rude to you!”
Seeing that I couldn’t guess correctly, Eris looked as if she was wondering what to do…
“… You’re still talking about rude things and divine retribution now…? Even though you did all that the first time we met…?”
“Hmm?”
“Nothing. My real identity is a secret.”
Eris placed her index finger to her lips as she said that.
“… Also, please don’t listen to everything senpai says, okay? A-At least right now, I’m not wearing pads!”
Eris snapped her fingers after saying that with flushed cheeks.
A familiar white door appeared before me.
I panicked after seeing that.
She hadn’t told me her identity yet!
With no regards for the panicking me, the white door opened and brilliant light shone through…!
“Wait, Eris-sama, I’m sorry! You’re angry, right? Throwing a tantrum? No– I’m not really concerned about your breast size!”
“Well then, Satou Kazuma-san! I hope the next time I meet you after your life ends, you’ll know my identity! Fare well! Have a safe trip!”
The blushing Eris didn’t let me finish.
At this moment, probably because her face was red, I noticed a white scar on her right cheek.
“Hmm? Eris-sama, your face…”
Has something on it– Before I could say that.
I was pushed into the door from behind by Eris with a pomf.
“Welcome back Kazuma.”
When I opened my eyes, I found Aqua who was pinching her nose before me.
“Puah! That stinks!”
I jumped when the terrible stench entered my nose.
The stench was coming from…
“Me!? The stench is coming from me?”
Probably due to the short time I spent in the Hydra’s stomach, my body was covered in a horrendous stench.
… I then noticed.
That no one was willing to meet my eyes.
… And from that I realized.
I was completely naked.
“Did my clothes melt…?”
“They melted. Cover up. By the way Kazuma-san, you were digested so much that you became Ms. Kazuma at one point. Your defensive armour is totaled, the only thing that survived is your strangely named katana that was in its sheath.”
“What? I can’t ignore the fact that you said the katana I named has a strange name!”
Ignoring Aqua, who was being pounced on by Megumin, I held the katana that was the only thing left in my hand.
“… And so, why are you so depressed?”
I said to Darkness, who smelled terrible just like me and was hugging her knees some distance away.
When Darkness heard me, she trembled and looked up with an apologetic look.
“Aren’t you angry about me forcing you to fight?”
“I’m not angry at all. You might be the one who wanted to fight, but this isn’t the first time we’ve fought high bounty monsters and generals of the Demon King’s army. I’ve already died a few times too.”
“That’s true…”
Facing the weirdly straightforward Darkness, I couldn’t find my rhythm.
“Really, this isn’t like you at all. I’ve already heard about it from Eris-sama, okay? In order to save me after I was swallowed by the Hydra, didn’t you allow yourself to be swallowed too? On a closer look, you’re covered in blood. Are you all right? You don’t look melted though.”
Darkness stole a glance at me and said:
“This blood is from the Hydra when I cut open its stomach from the inside after retrieving you. If I were to have spent any more time inside, I would’ve joined you too… It’s fine now, I’m not hurt anywhere else either.”
I said to Darkness who was still dejected:
“Collecting back my corpse was a big help, thanks. Let’s not idle here anymore, let’s go back and shower, all right?”
I said with a smile, showing her that I didn’t mind at all.
“Hey Kazuma. It’s fine if you want to console Darkness, but it doesn’t feel right for you to ask someone to shower in that appearance.”
Speaking of which, I was still naked.
“– Still, I now know why the Knight Corps didn’t deal the final blow to the Hydra. It’s not that they didn’t want to, but they couldn’t.”
On the way back to Axel.
With the awfully depressed Darkness in tow, we thought back about the battle.
“The Kowloon Hydra can use magic to regenerate its lost heads. To defeat it, we’d have to use immensely strong firepower to blow it away beyond any chance of regenerating, or wound it numerous times to deplete its mana before dealing the final blow. Both methods are impractical…”
Megumin made a good point.
The Hydra wasn’t stupid either.
If you kept dealing damage to it, the Hydra would escape to the bottom of the lake to recuperate its mana.
That might be so, but there was no way to prepare firepower that exceeded Explosion.
I turned back and looked at Darkness, who was dragging her feet at the very back.
“Megumin’s right, there’s no way to do it this time. We’ll leave the Hydra to the Knight Corps. They’ll steadily deplete its mana and send it back to sleep. Darkness, you’re fine with that, right?”
“…Yeah.”
She was completely distracted.
… Why was she so adamant about defeating that bounty monster?
At that moment, Aqua arrogantly puffed her chest out and said:
“Eh, it’s not all bad news, all right? Thanks to me, that Hydra won’t leave the lake any time soon! I purified part of the lake, so it’ll think its territory has been invaded, and will focus on polluting the lake with its miasma. The Knight Corps will be here before it’s done, so we can just dump the task onto them.”
“… Did you eat something wrong? You actually did a great job. That’s really smart.”
As the two of us were chatting happily, Megumin, who was on Aqua’s back, said something that might raise a flag:
“Whenever Aqua’s filled with confidence, things will go badly in the end.”
I was the one who usually piggybacks Megumin, but she said I stunk today and asked for Aqua.
“No, no, no, there shouldn’t be any problems this time. And it wouldn’t be our problem even if there is. After all, we actually bought some time for the Knight Corps.”
“That’s right, do you have any problems with my good work? Really, Megumin! If you say anything weird, I’ll let Kazuma or Darkness piggyback you, all right?”
“I apologize, please don’t do that, I beg of you!”
– We then safely returned to town.
“I’ll go with Megumin to report to the guild; the two of you stink, so hurry back to shower. After all, Kazuma’s dressing might make someone call the cops!”
After Aqua said that to Darkness and me, we prepared to return to the mansion.
I was covering myself with Megumin’s cape right now; a stinking man in a cape looked really shady.
“Let’s go Megumin, we’ve got to exaggerate our actions as much as possible! That way, even if we can’t get the bounty reward, we can still earn some consolations!”
“Leave it to me, I’ll tell them just how powerful my Explosion is!”
I was a bit worried, but I still left it to them and returned to the mansion with Darkness.
After coming home, I let the depressed Darkness bathe first, then I carefully washed my body to get rid of the odor.
“It’s really scary how I can get used to such things. I died just now, but I’m not panicking at all.”
I muttered to myself as I entered the water and looked at my body that was thirty percent lost at one point of time.
Aqua said I turned into Ms. Kazuma for a while– Is the size back to normal?
As I was observing the part that was lost at some point.
“… Kazuma, you’re bathing longer than usual; does it hurt anywhere? Or have you not recovered your strength because you just revived?”
Darkness’s worried voice came from the direction of the changing room.
“N-No problem, I’m fine! You see, it stinks really bad, right? That’s why I’m carefully cleaning myself!”
I couldn’t tell Darkness who was seriously worried about my health that I was concerned and carefully checking my size.
But Darkness didn’t leave after hearing what I said.
She probably had something to say and just stood there.
“… Hey Kazuma. Erm, it’s my fault this time for being willful. Maybe things have been going too well recently and I got too impatient. But I want to defeat that Hydra no matter what…”
Darkness bitterly said in the changing room.
“Well, we won’t meet that thing again, so it’s fine. Anyway, Aqua and the others are really slow. They must be eating something good in the guild. Let’s go too.”
“… Ugh. Yeah… You’re right…”
After hearing my reply, Darkness made a dejected sound I’d never heard before.
… Did this girl have some kind of history with that Hydra?
Or maybe it had something to do with that rude butler who visited yesterday?
“All right, I brought you a change of clothes. I’ll leave it here, okay? I’ll be waiting in the living room…”
I said to Darkness who was going to leave the changing room.
“Do you have a hard-to-talk-about reason why you have to defeat that Hydra?”
“Ugh? T-That’s…”
Seemed like there was.
I didn’t know what to say to Darkness who fell silent.
Normally, I would reject challenging an opponent that killed me.
However, the young lady who was obviously depressed made me want to say that I’d challenge it again.
“… It didn’t work today, but let’s come up with a proper plan to take on that Hydra next time, all right?”
“Hmm?”
I teased Darkness when I heard her surprised gasp:
“What,  you got on your high horse and talked about the safety of the people, but you are just going to give up on subjugating the Hydra?”
“What the hell are you talking about? Who do you think I am? Protecting the people is the duty of the Dustiness house! I’ll get that Hydra next time!!”
That usual violent speech made Darkness feel a little more like how she usually acted.
– After washing off the stubborn stench, the two of us went to the adventurer’s guild.
Aqua and Megumin should’ve finished their report.
When I opened the door to the guild…
“Why are you people always doing unnecessary things?”
“That’s right! When Aqua-san changed the water in the fish tank into pure water last time, all the fish caught from the sea died, isn’t that right?”
“I-I thought it would be better if we did that! It was the same for the fish shop, the poor fish were living in a cramped tank, so I wanted to at least make their water cleaner!!”
“What should we do? We can’t handle a big shot like the Kowloon Hydra!!”
“Mama, I want to go home!”
“Wanted posters, post more wanted posters! Spread the posters to all the adventurers in town!”
Whispers could be heard everywhere as the adventurers and staff shouted.
Aqua, who was being accused in the center of the commotion, started wailing.
“Ah! Kazuma, Darkness, you came at the right time! Help me take care of this scene!!
Megumin caught sight of us and rushed to our side amidst the chaotic guild.
“No, what’s happening here? Why are things so bad? I can see Aqua’s getting blamed, but we didn’t do anything wrong this time, right?”
“T-That’s right! The Hydra would’ve woken up sooner or later even if we didn’t do anything, so there shouldn’t be such a commotion, but…”
Megumin wasn’t good at dealing with a crisis, so Darkness grabbed a nearby staff big sister and asked:
“Hey, what happened? The subjugation failed, but it’s not that bad, right? Isn’t this a subjugation that won’t be a big deal since the Knight Corps are coming?”
“W-Well, a big incident happened recently… The Knight Corps are busy dealing with it and didn’t have the time to come here…”
A big incident in the capital?
“Hey, what happened? A crisis in the capital? Is my cute sister in danger?”
“S-Sister? No, the incident happened quite some time ago and was sort of resolved without any major repercussion. The Knight Corps were sent to restore order in the chaotic capital and search for the criminal who instigated the incident…”
I was relieved after hearing what the staff said.
I was seriously considering charging straight to the capital for a moment there.
“From what I’ve heard, a duo calling themselves the Silver-Haired Thieving Group infiltrated the castle…”
Darkness and I sputtered at the same time.
The staff didn’t notice and took out a slip of paper.
“With just the two of them, they defeated the knights in the castle and powerful adventurers and boldly stole several treasures…”
As she said that, she handed the paper in her hand to us, which was a wanted poster for the ‘Silver-Haired Thieving Group’.
On it was an illustration of a suspicious masked man and a silver-haired youth.
The bounty was two hundred million eris.
How can this be? The bounty was only second to the generals of the Demon King’s army…
“Two hundred million eris…. Two hundred million eris…”
“Hey Darkness, why are you looking at me like that?”
Darkness, who was usually uninterested in money, looked at me with red eyes with the wanted posters in hand.
The staff was baffled by our actions.
“Eh, in summary, the Knight Corps that were supposed to be dispatched here won’t be coming any time soon.”
Oh no, didn’t that mean we stirred up serious trouble?
I wasn’t sure if she understood the troubles in my heart.
“However, there’s still hope. The knights from the capital specifically made a trip to the Crimson Demon Village and asked a highly skilled diviner to determine where the culprit had gone to… And the divinations showed that the main culprit’s right here in Axel! And so, the adventurers are zealously searching for the criminal right now!!”
I started sweating bullets.
“Anyway, I’m looking forward to Satou Kazuma’s team’s performance. After all, your team runs into bounty targets frequently! If you can capture the criminal, the Knight Corps can rest easy and dispatch a team over here!”
“You’re right.”
After replying emotionlessly, Darkness hit me with her elbow, as if to ask me to act casual.
“Sigh, it’s only a matter of time before the culprit’s caught. We have a diviner even more powerful than the Crimson Demons’ diviner here in Axel!”
She must be referring to that fellow who wore a mask that looked similar to the masked man in the wanted poster. I know him too.
Oh no, even though we were business partners, that devil who wanted money badly wouldn’t hesitate in selling me out.
Beside me, Darkness quivered with a stiff face.
The staff clenched her fists in expectation–
“In summary, please give us a hand too, Satou-san!”
She said with a face full of smiles.
– Naturally, I stayed home.
“One day~ In the forest~ I met a~ Dragon~”
Aqua dragged the couch to the window and knelt on it, singing a song while looking at the rain.
She was cradling the egg in her hands as usual, a warm light from her palm covering its shell.
According to Aqua, she was performing prenatal education for the fetus inside the egg through song.
Right now in this living room, Megumin’s clamoring was overwhelming Aqua’s singing.
“Kazuma, revenge! I want to get my revenge against that Hydra!”
She said amidst heavy breathing as I brushed the fur of Chomusuke, who was on my lap.
It’d been three days since I escaped from the adventurer’s guild.
After I knew I was wanted by the kingdom, I stayed near Aqua to guard against Vanir’s precognitive powers and shut myself in the mansion.
The stingy devil couldn’t divine the fortune of people around Aqua very well.
Fortunately, Aqua was busy incubating the egg, so she was also staying put in the mansion.
Megumin probably couldn’t stand the stay at home lifestyle and kept urging me to take revenge.
“You might be saying that now, but how are we going to defeat that monster? I thought about it a lot, but I can’t come up with a good plan.”
When Megumin heard what I said, she hugged her staff tight and grit her teeth.
“Firepower! Use stronger firepower to blow its face up! If one Explosion isn’t enough, use consecutive Explosions to blast it to bits! Just like the time we fought the Destroyer, with Aqua’s mana and Kazuma’s Drain Touch, it’d be possible!”
After hearing Megumin’s passionate speech, Aqua stopped her song.
“Don’t wanna. Why must I suffer the dirty lich skill, Drain Touch? I won’t ever do it again. That’s right, even if Kazuma threatens me, Darkness coaxes me, or Megumin acts strangely, I won’t do it. My holy mana isn’t meant to be carelessly used by others.”
I combed the fur on Chomusuke’s tail gently and said:
“And what’ve you been doing with that holy mana all this while? You don’t need to keep cradling the egg, just warming it before the fireplace will be good enough, right? If it overheated, just treat it as a snack and eat it.”
“Hey you, I’ll give you a taste of my God Blow if you keep saying snacks or whatever… I’m injecting mana into a dragon egg. Dragons are the crystallization of mana, so they will be stronger if they have more mana. This child will rule over the dragons from the peak. As the parent raising this child, I want to do whatever I can for it.”
… Ignoring Aqua who stubbornly insisted that was a dragon egg.
“By the way, why are you thinking of revenge, Megumin? Aside from Darkness, who displayed an abnormal obsession over the Hydra, do you have some history with that thing too?”
“Well, I’ve been thinking too. It killed Kazuma once before. Won’t I feel really happy if I defeat such an opponent?”
“Eh, oh… I-Is that so…?”
If she puts it that way, it makes me feel a little guilty…
“Recently, I’d been going after the Hydra together with Darkness. Darkness would draw the Hydra out with taunting skills and we’d escape after casting Explosion. Even though we’re challenging it this way… Could there be a better strategy?”
“I was wondering why I didn’t hear the familiar sound outside the town recently; so you’d been doing that? It’s not showing any intention of attacking the town, so don’t aggravate it! And what are you doing, Darkness? Shouldn’t you stop her at a time like this?”
“Ugh, erm… But I want to defeat that Hydra no matter what… And this will deplete the mana of the Hydra too…
Darkness who was polishing her armor on the rug muttered softly as she averted her eyes.
This girl wanted to personally subjugate the Hydra no matter what.
I didn’t understand the reason though…
“It’d be inconvenient to make a move in this heavy rain, so it can’t be helped. The opponent lives in water; it’ll have the advantage if we fight in the rain. I’ll show my true strength after the rain stops.”
But honestly speaking, I want to hide at home until my wanted notices die down.
“It’s the rainy season right now, right? The weather diviner said that the rain will go on for quite a while.”
“… I’ll show my true strength when the rain stops.”
“This guy! So you won’t be motivated any time soon, right?”
“Ah, what are you doing, stop! Don’t vent your anger on Chomusuke!”
Only Darkness was working hard on her armor with a serious face.
She ignored Megumin, who was grabbing Chomusuke’s tail and obstructing me from brushing its fur.
The rain didn’t stop for the next few days.
While Aqua and I shut ourselves in, Darkness and Megumin visited the Hydra every day.
Of course, today too–
“We’re back! Sorry, it’s a little inconvenient for Darkness, so can you please prepare the bath?”
Darkness who was piggybacking Megumin came back with a smelly stench.
“… So you got eaten. Didn’t you two escape right after casting Explosion? It’s dangerous, so don’t go there anymore.”
Darkness put Megumin who couldn’t move after depleting her mana onto the rug, then took off her armor as she breathed heavily.
The armor she was so proud of and polished a few days ago was covered in scratches and stained with the red blood of the Hydra.
“That fellow probably had enough of the daily Explosion and struck preemptively before I could use my taunt. Megumin was chanting Explosion the moment it attacked, it was a close call… After we got out, Megumin shot it with Explosion and we escaped as it was regenerating its head… It isn’t so simple after all.”
Darkness sighed deeply as Aqua came to her side to heal her. After taking off her armor, Darkness thanked Aqua and dragged her feet into the bath.
“… Hey Kazuma. Can’t you think of an easy way to finish off the Hydra? The strong point of the weak Kazuma’s your numerous half-baked skills and your ability to use despicable means to solve any problems, right?”
“Oh, I thought of one. We’ll bind you up with chains and throw you into the lake. When the Hydra eats you, we’ll gather all the adventurers and pull the Hydra to shore. We’ll then gang up on it and give it a good beating before it can escape back into the lake… How about it?”
“……”
As Aqua pounced over, I grabbed the egg from her and shooed her away, using  the egg as a hostage.
“Well, personally, I have no complains about casting Explosion on strong enemies… But Darkness seems weird recently.”
Megumin mumbled softly as she watched Darkness walk to the bath.
“– Phew… Kazuma, what are you doing with my armor?”
After finishing her bath, Darkness tilted her head at me as I was squatting before her armor.
Megumin was watching me as I worked.
“You really damaged your armour today, so I’m fixing it up for you. It’s been raining these few days and I’ve got nothing to do in the house anyway.”
I knocked on the dented areas with a wooden hammer and activated my crafting skills that I haven’t used in a long time to repair the armor.
Darkness said a little shyly in reply:
“Speaking of which, you also fixed my armor when we went to the hot spring… I want to go on another hot spring trip with everyone one day.”
“I don’t wanna, I hate that city. There are too many people with their screws loose like Megumin.”
“Hey, say that again!”
I shoved Megumin who was hindering my repairs away. Darkness looked at us happily:
“Even so, I want to go again…”
She said in a soft voice that seemed to harbor deep meaning behind it.
– Some time after that.
“Kazuma, she’s not here! She was already gone when I went to her room to wake her up!”
“That girl! I already told her not to go, why won’t she listen?”
Darkness, who told Megumin that it’d be dangerous, had been challenging the Hydra on her own these past few days.
She disregarded our advice and kept on returning with wounds all over after making a trip to the lake.
To stop Darkness, we took turns keeping watch…
“Why did you doze off!!”
“Wahhh! It’s tiring to incubate Emperor Zell! Raising a kid’s hard work, so be more considerate toward me!”
“Stop kidding me about raising a child! Hand that egg over! I’ll cook that damn thing nice and fresh!”
“Stop! I’ve already warmed it for so many days, so something terrible will happen if it cracks now! You’ll regret it if you look inside!
In the face of Aqua, who curled up like a turtle, I angrily roared.
“I don’t care about that egg; Darkness is the priority!! What’s she thinking? Did she talk about how the obligation of a Crusader and the duty of the nobles is to protect the town again?”
“Now’s not the time to determine Darkness’s intentions. The Hydra’s also learning, and Darkness’s injuries are getting worse every day! It’s getting really dangerous for her!”
Megumin, unable to handle unexpected situations, awkwardly said as she hugged her staff.
That might be so, but Darkness probably left before dawn.
“Hey Kazuma. Is there no way to take out that Hydra? I’ll drop the egg off at Wiz’s shop, then chase after Darkness with Megumin to lecture her… You probably have a phobia against an opponent that killed you once, but, Kazuma, do you want to come along?”
Despite hating fighting, Aqua maintained her balled up pose and said something that was seldom heard.
Even this girl was showing her drive.
Being the only one hiding at home would be a little…
… Ahhh, damn it!
“I’m going out somewhere, so the two of you go and try to bring Darkness back. Even if you encounter the Hydra, don’t engage and run straight back, all right?”
After hearing what I said, Aqua and Megumin nodded seriously and went out.
Now that I was home alone, I pulled out some eris’s notes from my room and stuffed it into my wallet.
“That girl’s really a handful!!”
I made up my mind for that stubborn young lady too.
– The next day.
I set off for the lake early in the morning.
In the end, Aqua and Megumin met with the injured Darkness as she was returning from the lake.
Darkness told me with a wry smile about how she was lectured on the way back after Aqua healed her wounds.
That girl had no intention of stopping her campaign against the Hydra.
I stood before the lake, waiting for Darkness who’ll probably come with Aqua and Megumin.
When it was almost noon, Darkness, who appeared with Aqua, was stupefied when she saw us.
That’s right, she saw the adventurers of Axel sitting behind me.
“Oh! You sure took your time, Lalatina!”
“Lalatina-chan’s here!”
“Lalatina!”
“Lalatina!”
The adventurers I brought along started teasing Darkness as she stood stiff on the spot.
“……”
“S-Stop it, Lalatina! Those guys were just calling your name, don’t silently start strangling me like that! Stop… Please stop!”
Lalatina, who was being teased by the adventurers, grabbed my collar with tears in her eyes.
“Hey Kazuma, what’s happening here? If this is your new way of harassing me, I’ll give you a piece of my mind too.”
“That’s not it! Why would I gather so many people to do something so stupid? I just told everyone that you’re challenging the Hydra alone here every day and asked if they’d help you!”
“?”
Darkness released my collar and frantically looked at the crowd.
“Oh, even Lalatina can get embarrassed.”
“Don’t say that. Lalatina-chan might look like that, but she’s actually very delicate, all right? To defeat the Hydra, Lalatina-chan’s strength is needed. What if you make her cry and run back?”
“Kazuma has been treating us to food and drinks recently; he even bought us the most expensive drinks yesterday! It’s only natural to return the favor. Let’s go along with Lalatina’s willfulness!”
The adventurers said out loud.
“Take a good look, Darkness. I merely told them that you were doing something silly every day and managed to gather so many adventurers. I can’t do anything about your muscled filled brain, but don’t make others too worried.”
The flushed face Darkness replied in a soft voice:
“T-Thank you…”
“Hmm? What did you say?”
Darkness glared at me as I asked her to repeat herself, but she still looked at the adventurers around her shyly.
The adventurers who met Darkness’s eyes either got embarrassed or smiled.
Darkness smiled too when she saw their reactions.
“Everyone, I’m very–”
“Waaahhhh–! Kazuma, Kazuma–!! The Hydra woke up earlier than usual for some reason!”
Aqua, who had gone into the lake before I noticed, interrupted Darkness’s words of thanks and started shouting.
At the same time, Megumin was preparing her spell near the lake and yelled.
“Like I said, it’s better to wait for Kazuma’s signal before waking the Hydra!”
“But, but!! I want to go back earlier to witness Emperor Zell’s birth…!”
Having made up her mind to thank everyone, Darkness was cut off at the worst moment, and she started quivering with her face red from embarrassment.
The Kowloon Hydra that was chasing Aqua appeared with a huge splash.
“Why do you people always do that? This emotional scene is totally ruined!!”
The battle began–!
It started a little early, but that was how a battle should be.
“All thieves, did you bring your steel wire? Archers, standby with your grappling hook arrows!”
“Waaahhhh, hurry up! Hurry up!”
Step one was to let Aqua wake the Hydra and draw it to the lake side.
“Tough adventurers, protect the backline! Stand by as human shields!”
Next, vanguards wearing armor will protect the backlines from the Hydra’s attack.
“Mages, prepare to fire off your magic and stand by! Use the most powerful spell you have! Don’t worry about saving for the next attack; use all the mana you have in one shot!”
“Leave it to me! I’ll blow that damn Hydra away with my Explosion this time!!”
I made the mages prepare their attack to deal the last blow to the Hydra.
Finally, …
“Darkness, use your Decoy skill right in front of the Hydra! Your toughness will be the key to this fight!! Don’t die too easily!”
“Who do you think I am? Other things aside, my defense won’t lose to anyone!”
Darkness attracted the Hydra’s attention and blocked it from the front!
“Hey, Kazuma! What about me? What should I do?”
“After casting support spells on everyone, you don’t need to do anything unless someone gets injured! Go and cheer them on, and don’t get in my way!”
“What? Let me play a big role too!!”
After that, as Darkness was blocking the Hydra’s movement…!
“Darkness, I’m leaving it to you!”
“You can count on it! Your opponent’s me! Decoy!”
Darkness took a stance by the water and activated her decoy skill.
When all the heads of the Hydra were focused on Darkness, I used Lurk to erase my presence as much as possible and charged at the Hydra.
Darkness was frowning, but still managed to withstand the fierce attack from the eight heads that’d send anyone else, including me, to Eris in just one hit.
“Bind!”
The instant the Hydra turned all its eight heads to the same spot, all the thieves used Bind on the long necks and tied it with wires.
At the same time, the archers shot out grappling hooks.
Although the hooks were deflected by the hard scales of the Hydra, they still managed to get entangled with the wires binding the necks.
After confirming the hooks were secured, the adventurers grabbed onto the other end of the ropes and pulled as if they were competing in a tug of war.
We dragged it far from the lake, preventing it from escaping.
At the same time, I erased my presence and drew near, climbing onto the back of the Hydra, whose heads were still focused on Darkness even after it was bounded. I touched the hard scales up close.
“If you won’t go down unless your mana dries up, I’ll suck you dry!”
The moment I used Drain Touch, the Hydra started to thrash about wildly.
As expected of dragons that were known as the crystallization of mana; it was sensitive to the fact that its mana was being absorbed.
“Great! It’s working, it’s working… Woah?”
Realizing its mana was being siphoned, the Hydra started struggling in an attempt to break the bindings on its necks. But the bindings held and the eight heads couldn’t reach its back.
At this moment, one of the adventurers screamed:
“Get out of there Kazuma! Are you dumb? What the hell are you thinking, going way up there?”
“It’s fine, watch me use my secret skill to weaken this big fellow! Tell the mages to get ready to bombard once its mana’s depleted…!”
As I was saying that, the Hydra twisted its body in an attempt to rub its back against the ground.
Wait…!
“Waaahhhh, I’m going to get squashed!”
“Moron! What are you doing?”
Darkness, who was in front of the Hydra, grabbed onto me as I was thrown off the back of the Hydra and pinned me under her.
Despite the situation, my face was beet red because of how close I was to Darkness’s face.
The Hydra’s colossal body rolled on top of us and Darkness protected me from being crushed by propping herself up with her arms.
“As expected of Lady Dustiness, your arm power and endurance are marvelous.”
“Is this the time to say that? Ugh, I can’t, hold on…!”
If we get crushed like this, leaving Darkness aside, I’d suffer a horrible fate.
While I was pinned under Darkness, who was pushing up against the ground with a flushed face, I reached out for the Hydra that was right on top of us.
“Darkness, not yet! Endure it and don’t let up! Stay in that position!”
“? You’re going for abandonment play now? N-No, I really can’t…!”
Darkness challenged the Hydra every day despite being wounded all over, grinding away its mana slowly and steadily.
How could I give up this chance and put this girl’s efforts to waste?
I used Drain Touch with all I got despite the situation and started lecturing Darkness.
“You’ve always been useless! When your chance to be of use comes, are you going to let it end like this? Aren’t you planning to defend your title in the endurance tournament this year too? If you can’t even endure this thing, can you even win? How spineless! Can you show your shameful appearance before all the adventurers here?”
“Ugh, the Hydra’s heavy play and the verbal abuse play from this demonic man, what a reward this is…! Of all days, why does it have to be now…?”
Darkness’s face was red and trembling, her neck was full of sweat, and her eyes were tearing up a bit, but she still hung on.
As I sucked out the mana of the Hydra at full force, it swung its bound necks, struggling as it laid on top of Darkness.
“Pull, pull now!”
The heavyweight adventurers who’d been serving as the human shields of the backline pulled hard on the ropes entangling the Hydra.
They were probably trying to rescue Darkness, who was trapped below.
Darkness had a satisfied smile as she said softly with her voice breaking intermittently.
“I-I… Can’t… K-Kazuma… Don’t worry… We’ll die… Together…”
“How will that stop me from worrying? Don’t give up! In the end, I’ll be the only one who’ll die! You even received magic buffs and won’t die just by being crushed by the Hydra a little!!”
All my gear except my katana were melted, so I was still wearing my casual clothes.
If I get squashed in such a situation, my weak defense won’t even buy me any time before I kick the bucket.
I’d rather not die twice in such a short period of time!
“I-If I give up, Kazuma will die… Ahhh, what’s with this situation…? Even though you’re ordering me to hold on like a master, your life’s in my hands, how contradictory…! Who’s the master in such a situation? This is a new feeling, a new feeling, Kazuma…!”
This girl was enjoying herself, huh? Her stubbornness and serious expression when she challenged the Hydra alone were gone.
… When I was just a step away from death.
“Look, the Hydra’s becoming really weak, right? And it can’t move, either! I’ll take the head of the large bounty target, the Kowloon Hydra! The one who scores the last hit can collect the entire bounty, I don’t want to share it with anyone else!”
“W-Wait, what are you talking about in this situation? And even though it’s immobile, if you let down your guard because its necks are tied together… Ahhh! Dust! Dust!!”
I heard a familiar scream and the pressure on us suddenly let up.
It seemed that a brave soul had drawn the attention of the Hydra.
We crawled out from under the struggling Hydra and ran toward Megumin.
“Light of Saber!”
After hearing that spell plenty of times in the Crimson Demon Village, I looked toward the source and saw the Crimson Demon Yunyun join the fray and cut off a head of the Hydra.
It seemed like someone was eaten and Yunyun saved him.
… Speaking of which, I finally noticed that Yunyun, who had a weak sense of presence, came with us.
No, wait, I remember someone chatting to me timidly on the way here, but because my mind was occupied by Darkness… At that moment, someone from the adventurers shouted.
“Hey look, the head that was cut off didn’t regenerate!”
I looked over when I heard that shout and saw that the Hydra only had seven heads.
The Hydra wanted to escape back into the lake, but the heavyweight adventurers pulled on the rope, not letting it go.
“All mages!!”
When they heard my yell, they all focused their mana and prepared to cast their strongest magic, waiting for the signal with sparkling eyes.
“Attack!!”
On my mark, large number of spells flew toward the Hydra.
Amongst the flying fireballs and lightning, the two Crimson Demons showed their might.
“Light of Saber!!”
After chopping down at the Hydra with a brilliant light, Yunyun showed a smug expression at Megumin.
Megumin raised the corners of her lips, pointing her staff at the Hydra with light shining from her vermillion eyes.
“Explosion’s coming! Everyone near the water evacuate!”
“Cover your ears!”
After living in Axel for so long, the adventurers who’d gotten used to Megumin’s spell covered their ears in a practiced manner.
“Kazuma, I’ll avenge you now! A bouquet for the one in heaven…!”
Hey wait, avenging me is fine, but I’m not in heaven, I’m right here.
“Explosion–!!”
The brilliant light from Megumin’s palm pierced the Kowloon Hydra, which was on the brink of death after taking hits from numerous spells.
The large bounty monster that turned the area around this place barren all year round didn’t even scream before falling into eternal slumber–
“Admit my victory! I blew off six of the Hydra’s heads! Yunyun only cut off two! It’s obvious who has the upper hand!”
“W-What’s that Megumin, you were just waiting idly until the Hydra was pushed to the verge of dying! I even saved someone who was bitten by the Hydra, that should count too!!”
“Saving a delinquent who wanted to hog all the bounty should only count for one point. You’re a Crimson Demon too, so you should understand the importance of stealing the limelight!”
After subjugating the Hydra, we and all the other adventurers returned to Axel in high spirits.
Megumin forcefully asked Yunyun to piggyback her and they’d been bickering beside me all this while.
Even though the opponent was a large bounty monster, we only had a single casualty.
And that person was resurrected by Aqua.
“Seems like we’re more capable than we thought! Ara~ But we wouldn’t have made it without Kazuma’s party.”
“That’s right, Kazuma’s great as expected! Even though we agreed the bounty for the Hydra would be shared equally, Kazuma’s group should take more. There’s a moron who said, ‘The one who scores the last hit can collect the entire bounty’, so you can take that share with you too.”
Keith and Lynn, who I’d partied with in the past, told me.
However, this raid only succeeded because of everyone.
That’s why…
“Well then… Everyone must be tired after the intense battle with the Hydra, so let’s rest for today and drink our hearts out with the reward tomorrow!”
“Yeahhh!”
“Are you kidding me!?”
I thought I heard someone scream, but I shifted my eyes to Darkness, who was happily walking beside me.
While she had been looking anxious and sad recently, she now had a refreshing expression, as if her burden was all gone.
“Hey, how does it feel to defeat the Hydra you were so obsessed over? You can sleep soundly from tomorrow onward, right?”
“Yeah, thanks to this, all sorts of things seem trivial to me now. I think brooding over it by myself is silly. But that isn’t because we took down the Hydra.”
I saw Darkness smile for the first time in many days.
“I learned once again how much I like the people in town. Thanks to them, I found my way again. There’s nothing to be afraid of, nothing to regret.”
“You say some really embarrassing things sometimes.”
Darkness elbowed my side a little angrily after I teased her. And then…
“I’m really blessed.”
She openly said something embarrassing again.
“Really, show more reverence to me! Say that you’re very grateful to Aqua-sama for granting you a new life, compliment me more!”
“Hey Kazuma! I’m thankful for being revived, but the priestess from your party’s really annoying!”
Translator: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
“Adventurers! Thank you for your hard work yesterday!! Congratulations on the successful subjugation of the large bounty monster, the Kowloon Hydra! Everyone will receive a grand reward too!”
“Whoa!!” x4
Upon hearing the announcement by the staff, cheers echoed throughout the guild.
After defeating the Kowloon Hydra and recovering from the fatigue of the intense battle, we gathered in the adventurer’s guild.
Right now, all the adventurers who took part in the raid were here.
Everyone was probably looking forward to the bounty, and they were all smiling.
“Speaking of which, we’re finally going to accept the reward, so why isn’t Darkness here yet? Did she forget about the party that’s going to be held today? Or is she still embarrassed about what happened yesterday?”
“That might be so. Last night, Darkness was much more tensed up than usual. She normally doesn’t drink much, but got dead drunk that time. She’d usually lecture me whenever I wanted to drink, but Darkness actually offered me some…”
At the table in the center of the guild, we thought about Darkness, who was really worked up last night.
“Darkness might be the eldest among us, but she’s like a child in many ways. She’s a useless child who gets shy easily, so it’s understandable why she won’t come out to meet everyone. Let’s buy some gifts for Darkness for taking care of the house.”
Aqua nimbly twirled the egg in her hand, showering it with warm light as usual, acting all matured.
“Why are you nonchalantly treating Darkness as the oldest and making yourself look young? Aren’t you a grandma in terms of age?”
“I told you before right, Satou Kazuma-san? If you say something like that, you really will suffer divine retribution. I’ll curse you and the cold drink you ordered will become warm instantly.”
I ignored Aqua who was speaking foolishly with a straight face and watched the adventurers who were happily collecting their payout.
The one billion eris bounty was divided equally among all the participants.
One billion eris.
The bounty for that monster was one billion eris.
They said that without the Hydra, the land around the lake will become fertile.
The amazing one billion eris bounty was the reward for opening up vast tracts of land for cultivation.
The number of adventurers who participated was about fifty.
Which meant twenty million eris each.
The adventurers were called by name one after another, and finally, it was my turn.
“Satou Kazuma-san’s team of four will receive eighty million eris, and with the request of all the other participants, they’ll receive an additional twenty million eris. Please accept this one hundred million eris!”
“Thank you very much! All right everyone! The twenty million eris will be used to treat… Hey, hey let go! Why are you so reluctant to give me the bounty? Hey, give it to me!”
After snatching the bag of money from the staff.
“Hey everyone! Thank you again for the support yesterday! Let’s have a party!!”
“Ohhh!” x4
The rowdy cheers filled the entire guild.
It was still noon, but we probably wouldn’t be going back any time soon–
After the sun had completely set behind the horizon, we walked on the street leading back to the mansion.
With the successful subjugation of the Hydra, we bought higher class food than what we usually ate with no hesitation.
We planned to use these to have an after party with Darkness back at home.
What we bought were Snow Crimson Crabs.
A high class dish we haven’t had since Darkness’s folks sent us some back then.
Aqua became really excited after seeing these.
“–Hey Darkness, we’re… Back…? Hmm, where’s that girl? Did she go out?”
We reached home, but Darkness wasn’t there.
At this moment, I noticed a piece of paper on the table.
It was Darkness’s handwriting; she said she was going to the landlord’s place to report on the subjugation of the Hydra.
The landlord’s mansion, which I destroyed, seemed to have been rebuilt.
Aqua took out the egg from her pocket the moment she got home and sat on the couch to resume her work of incubating the egg. Like a chick waiting to be fed, she noisily grumbled for dinner to be served.
“Hey, stop asking. Even if the dishes are done, we have to wait for Darkness to come back, all right? And don’t just incubate the chick, help with the chores too. Are you cleaning the toilets properly?”
“Really Kazuma, I think you should be nicer to a woman raising a child. And stop calling it a chick. If you keep bullying this child, I won’t even care if Emperor Zell bites you after it hatches, all right?”
In the end, Megumin and I guessed that Darkness would come back later, so we made dinner.
The other person had to incubate the egg, so she sat idly on the couch.
After cooking up dishes that were more lavish than usual, we set them on the dining table in the living room.
“Hey Kazuma, why isn’t Darkness back yet? I can’t hold it anymore with the food right in front of me. Hurry up and find Darkness, hurry up.”
“You didn’t fork out the money or cook the meal. Do you think you’re some kind of princess?”
While I was talking with Aqua, Megumin prepared four sets of cutlery and tea.
“We put quite a bit of effort into the meal tonight. Even the noble lady Darkness won’t be able to eat something like this often. Fufu, I’m looking forward to her reaction after eating my dish.”
“Didn’t you only add some salt and set the dishes?”
But I understood why Megumin was so proud of it.
It might be a bit cocky for me to say this myself, but the meal tonight was really well done.
After visiting various delicious restaurants, I wasn’t easily satisfied with simple food anymore. Hence, I paid some money to learn a cooking skill from someone.
After all, I planned to limit my adventuring time to the realm of being a hobby.
That’s why, instead of combat related skills, I chose something that’ll raise my daily standard of living.
I’ve already earned a fortune; it’d be nice to open a restaurant myself too… I thought about various things as I waited impatiently for Darkness to return.
– Finally, late into the night.
After so long, Darkness still hadn’t returned.
“Hey Kazuma! The dishes are cold, go reheat them.”
“… The meal’s right before me, but I have to wait… I’m not Darkness, I won’t be happy with such a play… After she comes back, I’ll punish her by making her sit in front of the couch and finishing the meal in front of her.”
“I don’t think that’s really a punishment, it’s more like a… Frankly speaking, she’s too late. I’ve already told her that we’d be back before dinner, so what’s she doing? Was it just like Vanir divined and something happened to her house? Even so, she’d tell us what happened.”
Everyone complained as we waited.
In the end, the frustration turned into anger and it turned into a conference on how to punish Darkness after she came back.
We seriously thought about the most effective way of dealing with that woman who treats most punishments as a reward.
Even so, the suggestion that ‘we should eat first’ didn’t come up.
And so, we decided to make her wear the super cute attire designed by Aqua and parade in the streets and the guild. And even if it was just for a day, we’d rent the super expensive magic camera and hold a photoshoot.
By the time we decided on Darkness’s punishment, it was almost time to flip to the next page of the calendar.
“… She’s late.”
Even though Aqua said that, no one made any move to eat.
Did reporting the successful subjugation of the Hydra need so much time?
I don’t think that lecherous landlord would do anything to Darkness, who was a noble… Maybe she wouldn’t return today even if we wait like this.
If she comes back early the next morning, I’ll go all out to punish her.
“She probably won’t return tonight. Really, at least give us a heads up if you’re not coming back… Hey, let’s eat.”
Despite what I said, the two of them showed a troubled expression and refused to move their utensils.
… Ah, damn it!
That little masochist, I’ll make her cry for real.
I’ll borrow Vanir for over an hour or so and conduct a thorough interview of shame.
That’s right, it’s a plan.
The later she returns; the longer Vanir’s interrogation will be.
I made up my mind in secret.
But Darkness didn’t return that day.
Or the next day.
Or the day after.
Darkness didn’t return–
“Hey Kazuma, what’s that? What are you making?”
Beside the table in the living room, I’d been hard at work since early in the morning.
I picked it up and showed Aqua the thing I was making
It was an imitation of a stick of dynamite.
It’s just like what Nobel made in the beginning by bundling solidified nitroglycerin and sand together with paper, along with a fuse to create a simple bomb.
Nitroglycerine hadn’t been discovered in this world yet, and there wasn’t any gun powder to make a fuse either, so igniting this thing won’t make it explode.
And since I don’t properly understand the underlying principles, I won’t be able to recreate it…
“I just have a rough idea of the principle and appearance, so I can’t craft the item because of the lack of materials; but I can still make a rough shape of it. Still, someone smart enough will find a replacement for nitroglycerin and buy this.”
“I see; bringing advanced weapon technology to this country, right? Kazuma… You really are scary…!”
Even though I didn’t think there was a market for items like this, I still made it just in case someone wanted to buy it. Aqua cradled the egg as she picked up the dynamite imitation and observed it.
There was a reason why I started developing it.
Early this morning, we received a letter from Darkness.
“What’s the thing Aqua’s holding used for?”
Megumin, who was reading Darkness’s letter seriously, lifted her head and asked.
“This is an imitation of a magic item called dynamite, used to recreate explosion magic.”
“?”
Megumin snatched the item from Aqua’s hand.
She seemed to be reacting strongly to the phrase ‘recreate explosion magic’.
“The good thing about this is that anyone can use it and doesn’t consume mana. However, it can’t…”
“Fuahhh!”
“Ahhh? It took a lot of effort to make that! What are you doing?”
Megumin ran to the window and threw it with all her might.
“How can I let something like this recreate the ultimate magic so easily? I won’t accept the development of deviant weapons!”
“T-This girl’s annoying…!”
Even though the agitated Megumin was breathing hard, she remembered something and looked at the letter she was reading just now.
That was the letter Darkness sent us.
Megumin read the letter for the umpteenth time, searching for some hidden message, and then gently put the letter down.
“Darkness’s really going to leave the party, huh…?”
Aqua and I fell silent when we heard what she said.
“… It can’t be helped. It’s her family’s problem. It’s strange as it is for her to adventure with commoners for so long.”
“But, but! This is really strange! Darkness actually left without saying anything! Our relationship isn’t so shallow that a farewell letter would be adequate!”
Megumin rejected my comment.
“That’s right. I think it’s because Kazuma has been going too far with his sexual harassment. I really don’t think you should throw our laundry into the tub and yell, ‘Yahoo~ Underwear bath!’.”
“I didn’t! I haven’t done that yet!”
“Did you say ‘yet’?”
I picked up the letter Megumin placed on the table and read it once more.
‘I’m deeply sorry for telling you this so suddenly,’
I read it again…
‘I’m in a complicated situation that I can’t tell you about in detail. This is something I have to bear as a noble.’
I crushed the letter into a ball.
And threw it strongly into the trash bin.
‘I can’t meet all of you anymore. It’s willful of me, but I hope you can remove me from the party. Please find a replacement vanguard to take over for me.’
Seeing how I was acting, Aqua and Megumin seemed a little intimidated.
Damn it, why was I so angry?
‘I’m deeply grateful to all of you and don’t know how I can repay your kindness… I really enjoyed my time adventuring with everyone. Those were the happiest moments of my life so far. I’ll never forget my days adventuring with all of you.’
In the end, she was still an aristocratic lady living in a world that was different from ours.
She merely returned to the world she belonged to.
That’s right. The problem would be solved if I could find a vanguard whose attack actually hits.
Sitting before the table, I started crafting the next product.
‘Thank you for everything.
Best Regards,
Dustiness ford Lalatina
The deepest gratitude to my beloved comrades–’
With a crack, the pen knife in my hand snapped.
I probably used too much strength without realizing it.
When she saw me like this, Megumin said:
“… Kazuma, you’re very concerned too, right? Be more honest with yourself! Make a trip to Darkness’s house!”
She said that as she approached me with clenched fists.
That day when Darkness didn’t return.
A while after the date changed, we silently ate the cold dishes.
Filled with the passionate feelings of ‘don’t make us worry!’, we rushed to Darkness’s home early in the morning–
“We’ll be stonewalled again. She’s a grand noble after all. If we try to break in, we’ll be arrested. Darkness and her father won’t go so far as to execute us, but we can’t do anything if she doesn’t want to see us.”
After hearing what I said, Megumin drooped her head, depressed.
We went to Darkness’s mansion, but the guards only said, ‘We can’t say anything, please go back’ and chased us away.
I agitatedly looked for a replacement for my snapped penknife…
“Kazuma, aren’t you thinking about doing something for Darkness? Developing new products like this; did you buy into the advice given by that useless devil? Devils are beings that merely operate on their twisted logic, you know? They won’t help others if there isn’t something in it for themselves.”
After my thoughts were pointed out, my movements dulled.
“I-I’m not concerned about that! I just don’t want to do more hard work and earn more money easily!”
When Aqua heard that, she said with a serious face:
“Tsundere? Hey Kazuma, are you a tsundere? You’re not being honest. Are you feeling lonely because Darkness isn’t here? I only acknowledge blonde twin tails to be tsunderes. If you understand, go dye and tie up your hair right now.”
“……”
After I grabbed the egg from Aqua, she tearfully apologized while grappling with me who planned to make it into lunch.
Megumin softly muttered in a lonely tone:
“Even though these two are interacting as usual… It still feels like something’s missing…”
Megumin followed behind me sneakily as I went toward the guild.
To be honest, I was hoping she’d stay at home together with Aqua, who was incubating her egg.
“… Hey Megumin, I’ll give you some spare change, so can you return to the mansion?”
“Don’t wanna. I’m a member of the party too, so I should have the right to decide on the new member.”
Megumin had been refusing to listen to me for awhile.
It couldn’t be helped.
Right now, I was planning to head to the guild to find a vanguard to replace Darkness.
Megumin walked briskly to my back and said:
“It’s only been a few days and you’re already abandoning the comrade who’s been through thick and thin with us so easily? Kazuma’s inhuman. Inhuman.”
After saying her piece, Megumin backed away and followed me a few steps behind.
“No, that’s wrong. It’s Darkness’s wish for us to recruit a new member, right? I think it’d be best if Darkness returns. But she…”
When she heard that, Megumin rushed behind me again.
“You’re just throwing a tantrum. Like Aqua said, you’re just shy, right? You don’t want to admit it and are putting on a strong front, huh? You just don’t want others to know that the reason you haven’t taken in any new members is because you can’t put Darkness out of your mind, right?”
Megumin briskly  pulled away again after saying that.
H-how annoying…!
After that, Megumin followed me from a short distance all the way to the guild.
She could’ve walked beside me, but she chose not to do so.
Even so, she wasn’t so far away that I could lose her by sprinting ahead.
After making it to the entrance of the adventurer’s guild, Megumin came to me and tugged on my shirt.
“Kazuma, I advise you not to go in. If you do, you’ll learn the terror of the Crimson Demons.”
“Give it a shot if you can. If you do anything unnecessary, I’ll use your precious staff to clear the toilet.”
With Megumin who had a stiff expression in tow, I entered the guild.
Going to the notice board for recruitment of members, I browsed through the prospective candidates pasted on it.
I didn’t need to put up a recruitment poster as we were quite infamous around these parts.
Even if I advertised for the recruitment of a vanguard, I knew very well that no one would come.
Hence, I needed to grab a guy looking for a party and force him into my team.
… I found a suitable candidate in no time.
A warrior, proficient in one handed sword.
Confident in his defense, wishing to play the role of tank as a vanguard.
An eighteen-year-old guy.
… Sounds pretty good.
I tore that paper off and headed to the table that adventurer was sitting at.
“Erm… Excuse me, I’m here because I saw this notice.”
The man probably didn’t know about us and showed a cheerful face.
“Ah, yes! Nice to meet you, I’m a warrior…”
“Wait, you don’t need to introduce yourself.”
As we were having a man to man talk, we were interrupted by Megumin from behind.
… I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
“Before that, I want to test to see if you’re worthy enough to be in our party. After all, we’re a first class team that fights on par with the generals of the Demon King’s Army. The test consists of hunting a high bounty monster alone… Ouch!”
“There are no tests! Please ignore what she said!! Sorry, please wait a moment.”
“Eh, all right…”
As Megumin was spouting nonsense, I hit her to shut her up.
“– Hey, come here. Come here right now.”
“I refuse… Ahhh, don’t pull on my collar, this cloak’s an important gift from my friend, you’re stretching it!”
I pulled Megumin to a place where the warrior guy wouldn’t be able to hear us.
“Don’t you understand? We can just be a party of five when Darkness comes back, right? I’m not tough enough to be a tank. Same with Aqua, even more so for you. Since Darkness isn’t here, we’ll need a tank to keep the monsters at bay.”
“I got it, I got it Kazuma. I understand the importance of the vanguard role. All right, let’s start the interview.”
This girl definitely didn’t understand. I knew she’d stir up some trouble.
“Listen up, it won’t be strange if we get targeted by the Demon King since we defeated a lot of generals. Vanir was dispatched here because Beldia was defeated in this town. To be safe, we need to at least ensure that we can fight at any time. If it’s really too much for you, we can let that guy join as a temporary member. Got it? Don’t mess things up, okay?”
“I got it. I won’t mess it up, I won’t.”
Unexpectedly, Megumin readily accepted it.
Honestly, it was better to assume she’d mess things up when she was so docile.
I kept an eye on Megumin as I went back to the table.
“Well… Sorry for the interruption. I’m Satou Kazuma. Just call me Kazuma. And this is…”
I was planning to introduce her, but Megumin flicked her cloak and said in a voice loud enough to make everyone in the guild jump.
“I’m Megumin! The top mage in Axel and the one who wields Explosion magic! My nickname in this guild’s the Explosion girl with a screw loose! Come, let’s… Ouch!!”
I knocked the head of Megumin, who drew the attention of the entire guild with her terrifying self-introduction, but it was too late.
The face of that warrior guy was stiff beyond hope.
“E-Erm… I heard the rumors, you’re that… S-Sorry, I thought the rumors were exaggerated at first, but… I won’t be able to keep up with your party, erm, please find someone else…”
What the hell was that rumor?
Our reputation might be worse than I imagined.
After seeing off the man who kept apologizing, Megumin smiled at me, her expression a mixture of satisfaction and losing something important.
“Kazuma, he doesn’t look good. I was just introducing myself and he got scared off. Next, let’s find the next one.”
What an evil suicidal attack; I underestimated Megumin’s resolve.
She actually called herself a retard.
Even though she said to find the next one…
Even when Megumin and I went to the notice board and looked toward a suitable candidate, they’d avert their eyes.
… The self-introduction that echoed throughout the guild was a fatal blow.
Damn it, she usually cast her Explosion without any thoughts, but she just had to be quick witted at such a time.
At this moment.
“Hey Kazuma. What’s up, looking for party members? You should’ve given me a holler.”
The one who struck up a conversation with me when I was in a pinch was Dust. His party members didn’t seem to be around today.
“Don’t you already have a party? Where did they go?”
Dust frowned unhappily when he heard what I said.
“Listen to this Kazuma. Those guys are really too much, saying they earned a tidy sum in the fight against Hydra and won’t be coming to work any time soon! I didn’t take the reward for subjugating the Hydra, so I have to earn my keep here. But most of the adventurers had money to spare, so I can’t even find a temporary party. Warrior types are a dime a dozen… Well, basically, if you are looking for a vanguard, why don’t you take me in?”
Megumin glared at Dust as if she was cursing him for showing up at this juncture.
The quality of this delinquent was a bit lacking, but his capability was solid enough.
Megumin and Aqua teamed up with this guy once before and I knew this guy rather well.
There was no reason to reject, so I tried forming a party with Dust.
– And so, we formed a temporary team to test out our compatibility and took a random quest before heading to the farm in the outskirts.
It was the raining season now.
When you talk about raining season, you’d think of frogs, but there were opponents that were much harder to handle.
“Snipe! Snipe, Snipe, Snipe! … No good, my arrows aren’t dealing damage! These things are too tough!”
“Arrows and blades are meaningless against adaman snails! Kazuma, please hold them back with magic! I’ll protect the farmland from them before the loli’s spell is ready!”
“Hey, who’s this ‘loli’ you’re referring to? Why don’t you tell me?!”
Dust, Megumin and I joined a few other adventurers who took the same quest to exterminate the parasite beasts.
During raining season, a large number of giant snails known as adaman snails would show up to feed on the crops.
And now, behind us…
“Hey! Joseph got stabbed right in the butt by a summer bamboo shoot! It’s a serious wound, so he won’t be able to do farm work anymore! Stretcher him out right now!”
“The wild boars are here! Wild boars and other pests are using the chaos as a chance to sneak in!”
The roars of the farmers harvesting the crops could be clearly heard.
No matter what world it was, farm work wasn’t easy.
“Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze!!”
I cast Freeze on the adaman snail to lower its temperature, slowing their movement for a moment.
As expected of adaman snails; not just its shell, its other parts were really hard too.
I could only buy some time.
In the middle of the field, Dust, after fending off a few monkeys, stabbed his sword into the ground. Holding tightly onto the hilt of the sword, he held the shield before him with his left hand.
A large boar charged through the field, heading right toward at him.
Dust was going to block it straight on.
“Bring it on!”
Dust lowered his stance and put in more strength behind the shield.
If it was Darkness, she’d definitely block it without even flinching.
After all, she even tanked the fierce attacks of the Hydra.
But it’d be too brutal to ask that of Dust.
A boar the size of a bull charged at Dust…!
“Wahhh?”
Dust was knocked into the sky by the boar.
However, the boar wasn’t unscathed after colliding with Dust, who was covered in steel armor. It staggered about and stopped its rampage.
I charged at the boar and slashed at it.
Unlike my usual tough battles, I easily took out the boar and watched how everyone else was doing.
Monkeys broke through the defense line of several adventurers and invaded the farm.
Ah, damn it!
Ignoring Dust rolling on the ground after he was sent flying, I picked up my bow and sniped the monkeys.
“Kazuma! I finished chanting Explosion!”
Megumin informed me that her spell was ready. I pointed at the escaping monkeys and shouted:
“Do it! Megumin, blow them all away!”
One of the other adventurers seemed to have heard my instructions.
“Hey…! Wait…!”
“Explosion!”
Megumin’s explosion enveloped the monkeys, boars, and adaman snails, and blew them sky high… along with the crops.
We went back to the guild to report after exterminating the pests that were invading the farm.
The reward for each participating adventurer was twenty thousand eris.
Leaving wild boars aside, that was the payout for subjugating monkeys and adaman snails that won’t threaten the lives of humans.
Twenty thousand eris was reasonable…
As for us–
“So, Satou Kazuma-san, Megumin-san, and Dust-san will only get five thousand eris…”
We blew up the crops, so the reward was greatly docked.
This was my fault for giving that reckless order to Megumin.
In response to my apology, Dust said:
“Hee, don’t mind it, shit happens. I earned enough money for beer today. Don’t let it get you down. After all, the monkeys would have escaped and the quest would’ve failed if not for the Explosion!”
He just smiled and ordered an ice cold beer with the money.
“Erm, I think the three of us did great if we consider the fact that Aqua and Darkness weren’t around. And there were too few adventurers for this. They should’ve recruited more people.”
Megumin said that too.
Megumin seemed happy about completing the quest, but her expression said otherwise.
… I know, it’s because of Darkness.
It was cruel to compare him to Darkness, but we acknowledged the strength of our masochistic crusader and couldn’t help comparing others to her.
Dust killed quite a few monkeys and performed admirably as a vanguard… But if it was Darkness, even when her attacks wouldn’t hit, she wouldn’t have budged when the boar charged at her. I kept thinking about such unnecessary things… No, it’s useless to compare others to that girl now.
Let’s keep Dust as a temporary member and see how things go.
– The next day.
The door at the entrance opened without being knocked and a man barged in.
“… I did say something about forming a temporary party and telling you to visit my place to introduce you to Aqua, but what are you panicking about?”
When he heard my query, Dust said while panting.
“Kazuma, this is bad! Help me out! Please, can you come with me?”
It must be something important if the man who tried to kill-steal the Hydra was acting so flustered.
I turned to the other two–
“I don’t know the details, but I’ll be going out for now.”
Dust pulled me as we left the mansion.
– Dust walked in front of me and explained to me what was ‘bad’.
After hearing him out, I stopped in my tracks.
“… Eh, hold up. Is that what it is? The bad news is that Lynn has found a man?”
“That’s right! This is a really huge matter, but Tyler and Keith just brushed me off with a ‘is that so?’”
No, that’s all I would say too.
However, Dust raised his fist and said:
“My important comrade is being intimate with some random guy! If a girl from your party hooked up with some strange guy, you’d worry too, right?”
Eh, if a female friend I was close with found a boyfriend…
“I kinda  get it.”
“Right? As expected of Kazuma, you really know me, man!”
The hyped Dust seized the momentum and continued explaining.
According to him, Lynn seemed to be drifting away from him.
Dust felt suspicious and followed Lynn for an entire day until he saw her entering the room of an unknown man.
“… H-Hey, you’re st…”
“Which means! A wild guy appeared out of nowhere and conned Lynn! I’m worried about my comrade. I want to investigate that guy’s background. Please Kazuma, the other two guys aren’t dependable! I’m begging you, help me out!”
Seeing Dust clapping his hands together as he pleaded with me, I thought it over.
It wasn’t cool to interfere with someone else’s love life, but did I have the right to accuse others?
For example, if Darkness found a boyfriend suddenly, I’d want to find out more about that guy too.
Also, it was a given that Darkness’s taste in men was just too weird.
“… I understand. It’s a little disgusting, but if I were in your shoes, I might’ve wanted to investigate that guy too. I don’t think Lynn will have any problems, but I adventured with her for a while, so I’m concerned about who that guy is too.”
“Whoa! You have a way with words, Kazuma! I’m counting on you!”
I was a bit uneasy about Dust, but I was unconsciously projecting Darkness who I couldn’t contact onto Lynn and followed him.
– Dust brought me to a small but nicely decorated hotel.
It was a hotel not too suitable for adventurers, but felt right for couples.
“This is the place, Kazuma. The scum conman’s right here.”
We didn’t know about that guy at all, right?
Seeing how mad Dust was, I started worrying about him going wild.
“And so, how are we going to do this? You’re not going to barge into that man’s room, right?”
Dust had a sinister smile when he heard my words.
“Just how long do you think I’ve been an adventurer for? You won’t live long if you don’t make through preparations in our line of work. I’ve already found out where he’s staying and rented the room next to it.”
Y-You really…
I was wondering if I should call the cops, but Dust had already opened the door to the hotel.
I reluctantly followed.
By the way, if he used his planning and execution capabilities for more important things, Dust would definitely accomplish something bigger.
The inside of the hotel was really plain.
The first floor was the dining hall and the rooms were on the second floor.
Dust probably gave the staff a heads up since he didn’t mind us when we entered and merely yawned with an uncaring face.
Dust went straight up to the second floor and stopped before a certain room.
“Okay, this is it… The walls are thin, so keep it down. Lynn should be in the room next door right now. She has good ears and might notice our voices.”
I nodded and entered the room with Dust.
It was a clean room with just a bed, table and small wardrobe.
Dust closed the door carefully and placed his ears onto the walls.
I thought it was wrong to do that but I still leaned my ears against the wall.
And a familiar girl’s voice came from the room on the other side–
“Even if you say that… It’s hard for me to ask too…”
Without a doubt, that was Lynn.
However, she didn’t sound happy in this conversation.
“Lynn-san, I know this is asking for a lot. But this is a taboo in the first place. But I just can’t help falling in love!
“C-calm down! Erm, have you thought it over? You’re a noble, so you shouldn’t be finding an adventurer as a partner. And the problem isn’t…”
The man seemed to be a noble.
Firstly, Lynn was being wooed.
But from her tone, she didn’t seem to like it.
A noble and an adventurer.
People from two different worlds that shouldn’t have the chance to cross paths their entire life.
Darkness and me adventuring in the same party was an exception.
While I was thinking about that, the conversation on the other side of the wall continued.
“Lynn-san! I know very well that my feelings can’t be conveyed because of the difference in status! No, I also know about the bigger obstacle before me. But, at least…! I want to take some photos with the magic camera that I bought after breaking the bank!”
“C-C-Calm down! Please calm down! Just calm down, all right?”
I got the rough idea after hearing their conversation.
The noble youth fell for Lynn, but they couldn’t be together because of their difference in status.
Taking photos, that’s all?
What, he didn’t seem to be such a bad guy at all.
“If possible! Right, make it lewder!”
“Calm down! I’m begging you, calm down! Let’s go downstairs and eat something to ease the mood, all right?”
… No, that wasn’t all.
Dust quietly stood up at this moment.
“I’ll go beat him up right now.”
“Hey, wait, don’t leave! Now’s not the time!”
After stopping Dust with some effort, the sound of the door opening and shutting came from next door.
The two of them probably went to the first floor for a meal.
As he heard that sound, Dust silently showed an evil smile.
“Hey Kazuma, look at the clothes that are dumped around the place! As expected of a noble, this is all great stuff!”
I followed Dust and sneaked into the room next door.
I felt my head aching as I watched Dust ransack the things in the room.
He finally committed a crime.
We were breaking and entering.
“Okay, let’s see, what treasures does that young master have…? Eh, this is?”
Time to stop.
Breaking and entering, and now burglary…? He crossed the line.
I put my hand on the shoulder of Dust who was stunned after seeing something in the closet…
“Look Kazuma, red lace lingerie! That bastard, he wants to take pictures of Lynn wearing this? That pervert even prepared this! I’ll use it like this!!”
The raging Dust yelled and stripped without a moment of hesitation, and equipped the lingerie.
Without a doubt, this man was the pervert right now.
“All right, Kazuma! Use that high quality magic camera to take my pictures! I want his expensive films to be filled with my naked pictures. Just in case he gets a picture of Lynn, this will at least scar him for life!”
How should I respond?
Overwhelmed by his imposing manner, I picked up the magic camera as he ordered.
The design was simple and I could feel powerful magic concentrated inside it.
Right now, I was doing the most retarded thing in the world with a magic item that costs as much as a house.
With his arm crossed and clothes off, Dust arched his back and took the bridge posture without using his hands.
A pervert wearing red lace lingerie was supporting his trained body using his thick neck. His toned body drew a beautiful arch.
“All right, do it Kazuma! Immortalize my beautiful body!”
– I didn’t know how many photos I took.
Dust made plenty of poses while smiling all the while. As for me, I went from the top of tables to going prone onto the floor, taking pictures of him from all sorts of angles.
Pose of an eagle to that of a leopard.
For aesthetics, I made him take the pose of the thinker too.
“Well done Dust, that’s the way! You’re sparkling right now!! We’re done with glamorous poses, let’s move on to the lewd ones! First, bite your finger and point your ass this way!”
Dust did what I told him to do and melancholically bit his thumb as he directed his butt covered in a red underwear to the camera.
After a few shots, I gave further instructions.
“Okay, now for a cooler feeling! Spread your legs, lower your waist and put your hands… Right, that’s the feeling!”
Dust lowered his waist like a sumo wrestler, stretching his right arm to the front.
He’d a serious expression on his face as he repeated the lines I told him.
“Let’s get it on!”
At this moment, we hit our limit and rolled on the floor laughing our asses off with tears in our eyes…!
Donk.
Our eyes met Lynn who was looking at us stupefied, her staff dropped onto the floor.
“… So, what’s this all about? I know Dust’s a dumbass, but Kazuma too– What are you two doing?”
Dust and I kneeled before Lynn and the noble youth.
“I’m very sorry.” x2
We apologized at the same time.
What a blunder.
Spurred by a whim, the two of us lost ourselves in taking retarded photos.
Lynn sighed from the very bottom of her heart.
And looked at Dust with piercing eyes.
But Dust wearing that underwear was more of an eyesore, I wished that she at least made him wear some shorts.
“Sigh… Really, there was no point in me worrying so much. Ah, do what you want to him, I’ve nothing more to say… Kazuma, let’s go.”
Lynn said with a tired expression and reached her hand toward me.
“… Hmm? No, letting these two be alone together is bad. It might lead to trouble.”
Lynn pulled my hand and I was forcefully dragged out of the room.
“Whatever, I don’t want to care anymore.”
Lynn said as she closed the door behind her.
“Dust-san, I didn’t imagine that you would be in my room while wearing that…”
“Ah? So what if I committed breaking and entering, you got a problem with that?”
The voice of the duo could be heard inside.
Dust who didn’t give a damn after he got caught sounded agitated.
And he didn’t seem to understand how he was dressed right now.
“Hey Lynn, shouldn’t we stop him? He’ll definitely do something, right?”
But Lynn just shook her head in resignation, fatigue all over her face.
“I don’t know if he’ll be the one doing, or be the one receiving… I did my best. Yup, I tried. Even though I did try, that dumbass was right in the room wearing that when I opened the door. That’s like a duck holding some spring onions jumping into a pot and closing the lid. It’s too late for me to do anything now.”
…?
Our conversation didn’t seem to be going in the same direction.
“O-Of course I won’t mind, Dust-san! Dust-san…! Ahhh… Dust-san! Waahhhh, I’m so very grateful! Even though Lynn-san said that I should give up, but to think that… I was right to join the Axis Cult and devote myself in prayer…! T-There really is a goddess…!”
“I don’t know why you’re so happy, but if you think everyone’s afraid of the nobles, you’re wrong. I’m used to dealing with royalty and nobles. And it’s just two men here right now, things like status doesn’t matter. Do you get what I mean?”
“What? You mean you don’t care about our difference in status? And you said that it’s just two men in here…? Ahhh… Ahhh…! Today’s truly a great day, I’m immensely grateful to you, Aqua-sama…!”
Lynn and I left the hotel as we listened to Dust and the noble youth’s conversation from behind the door.
“– Well then, what were the two of you doing in that place? Just what happened?”
Lynn asked after leaving the hotel and I wondered about how I should answer…
“Eh, actually…”
I recounted the brief details of the events and told her the most important point, which was Dust being worried about her… And that led to Lynn holding her stomach in laughter.
“Ah, ahahaha…! T-that’s too stupid! There’s definitely something wrong with you two! Ahahaha!”
She was right.
Or rather, my usual self wouldn’t have pitched in. But in the end, I projected the image of Darkness onto Lynn… Lynn wiped the tears coming out from the corner of her eyes and said with her shoulders still trembling:
“Sigh… Listen to me, the one the noble likes is Dust.”
I felt time stop when I heard that.
“… Eh?”
What did she just say?
“And so, that noble came to discuss with me about what he should do as he had fallen for Dust. He mentioned that he didn’t harbor any hope of being together with Dust, but wanted to take some photos of him at the very least.”
… At this instant.
“Hyaa!”
A chilling scream came from the second floor of the hotel.
A cry I’d never heard from Dust before.
… I was thinking about roping Dust in as a temporary member, but it’d be better if we table this matter for the moment.
I hypnotized myself with ‘nothing happened today’ and walked alongside Lynn.
I felt tired, I should go home and sleep.
Just as I was thinking over today’s plans, Lynn suddenly nonchalantly said:
“By the way, that noble reminds me that Lalatina’s a noble too. I only found out recently, what a surprise.”
“You found out? From who?”
I asked on reflex and Lynn looked at me strangely and replied:
“The news’s all over the town now. Lalatina’s the daughter of house Dustiness and will be marrying Alderp, the landlord of this town soon.”
……
“Please tell me the details.”
Translator: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
I loudly announced before the two of them.
“Thus, we’ll now hold the battle conference on how to break through the heavily guarded mansion and meet Darkness. However, I already have a basic plan in mind!”
After returning home, I explained the situation to Megumin and Aqua.
I was having a war planning session together with them.
“Kazuma’s really excited. So the marriage between Darkness and the landlord as fat as a pig’s the talk of the town now? I know Darkness has bad taste in men, but this is really atrocious. Normally, Darkness’s father would veto it. Did something happen…? I’m pissed as this is happening right now, as well as the divination of that suspicious devil coming true…”
Aqua furrowed her brows, which was a rare sight, and said while cradling her egg on the couch.
That devil did predict that misfortune would befall Darkness’s house and her father.
Normally, people wouldn’t treat divination too seriously.
They’d take it with a grain of salt at best.
However, magic and curses existed in this world.
“Kazuma, do you really believe in the divination of that devil? You’re really doing what the devil told you, developing merchandise nonstop despite your immense wealth… He’s not as bad as Aqua, but devils won’t help others if they don’t gain something from it. So he’ll definitely reap some benefit from it if he gives you any advice. If we can return to the Crimson Demon village, we can ask a great fortune teller onee-san that I know…”
Although Megumin said that…
To be honest, I didn’t understand myself either.
I felt that the words of the devil can’t be trusted so easily.
But…
“I don’t think Vanir said that for fun, even though he didn’t say it seriously. I don’t know how helping Darkness will benefit him… In fact, I’m only working hard on developing my products just in case it’ll be of use for Darkness as foretold by the divination. Even if the divination fails, there’s nothing bad about developing merchandise. My thoughts are that simple…”
The stupid Darkness thought she could solve the problem by sacrificing herself and acted recklessly.
That was what Vanir divined for Darkness.
If it was the prophecy of some random fortune teller, I’d have no problem laughing it off…
“In any case, it’s still too early to come to a conclusion. We only heard the secondhand account that Lynn heard from someone else. We won’t know the situation unless we ask the person directly. The letter only told us that she wants to leave the party, so we don’t know much more than that. That landlord gave us plenty of problems too, so we need to forcibly meet with her to clear things up. Am I right?”
Overwhelmed by my eagerness, Aqua and Megumin kept nodding their heads.
In fact, that retard did say something like, ‘As a prospective marriage partner, that noble’s despicable and underhanded personality is just right.’.
Something happened to her father and there was also the possibility that Darkness was in agreement with the marriage– I didn’t even want to consider that.
That girl would say brainless things sometimes too.
That’s right, she even wanted to follow Beldia back then, and was really happy when Vanir possessed her.
On the way to the Crimson Demon village, she was devastated when she heard the news of male orcs going extinct.
Plus, she left the party after leaving just a letter behind, and has always made me worried
Anyway, I had to confirm this matter after meeting her face to face.
And ask her what the meaning of this letter was.
Going to visit with just a letter wasn’t appropriate, but since Lynn told me that important titbit, I can’t just leave it alone.
I sighed, it can’t be helped.
And of course, I didn’t have thoughts like ‘taking revenge for making me worry’, ‘I haven’t seen her for a long time, so infiltrating into Darkness’s house’s exciting’ or ‘I’ve a proper reason to see that woman now!’.
Hehe, just you wait, Darkness…
For some reason, Megumin smiled as I was thinking about various matters.
Aqua was looking at me as if she just saw something strange.
“Hey Kazuma, you looked really out of it recently, but seem really happy right now.”
She said a little happily.
“Yup, about time to go. Aqua, I’m counting on you.”
It was about 2 a.m. right now.
We didn’t go for the heavily guarded front or rear gate of Darkness’s mansion, but the side that didn’t have an entrance.
An iron fence surrounded the mansion.
We hid in the darkness and peeked at the mansion through the gaps in the fence.
Following my request, Aqua started chanting softly.
It was several buff spells that enhanced my physical abilities.
“Increase Strength and Improve Speed”
I didn’t know if it’d be needed, but I got her to cast Enhance Defense and Enhance Magic Resistance too.
“Versatile Actor!”
Aqua cast some spell I’d never heard before.
From the faint light that appeared momentarily on my body, it should be a buff spell.
“What was that spell just now?”
“A spell that turns you into a super actor.”
I silently slapped her.
Ignoring Aqua who was tearfully trying to strangle me, I took out the tool that was really useful during the fight with the Destroyer, the rope with a hook at the tip. It could be fired with an arrow.
I bound several layers of cloth onto the tip so it wouldn’t make a din when it hit the roof.
“I’ll go on ahead.”
After discussing it with them, it was decided that I’d sneak in alone. After all, I had several skills like Lurk and Night Vision, which were suitable for infiltration.
It might be the home of a noble, but it definitely wouldn’t be harder than breaking into the royal castle.
I didn’t plan to harm anyone, so aside from my bow and arrow, I didn’t bring anything else along.
After shooting the arrow, I’ll hand the bow to Aqua so she could bring it home.
“Take care of yourself. It’s fine if you knock her out and drag her back by force.”
“… N-No matter what, you’re still a woman of the cloth. Is it fine to say that?”
“No, Aqua’s right. She’s stubborn and won’t budge even if you tried to reason with her. It’s fine to be a little rough with her, don’t hold back!”
“Why are you all always so violent?”
Under their watchful eyes, I readied my bow and used Snipe to shoot the hook to the edge of the roof.
The hook latched onto the roof with a soft thud.
I observed the situation for the moment– No one seemed to notice nor did anyone come out to check.
Tying the rope to the iron fence, I whispered to the two of them:
“After I get onto the roof, untie the rope from the fence. There might be patrols, so they’ll know I’ve infiltrated if they find the ropes. I’ll think of a way to get out, so go back to the mansion and wait for now.”
I tugged on the rope to make sure it was taut. The two of them nodded at me.
All right, time to do this!
Paying homage to army rangers, I got onto the rope and scaled it.
With my poor physical ability, I could never have done that without the magic buff.
After successfully reaching the roof, I signaled to Aqua.
Upon confirming that Aqua had untied the rope below, I activated Enemy Detection to detect the presence of people nearby.
Being able to confirm the presence of someone inside a building without needing to go inside made this very useful.
Finally, I found a room that was empty.
I wanted to use the rope tied to the building to break into that room on the second floor directly, but it was locked.
Now was the time for modern technology to debut.
“Tinder.”
With one hand on the rope, I put my other hand near the glass window and heated it up.
With nothing to burn, the fire died out after exhausting the mana put into it. I repeated it several times.
After the surface of the glass got heated…
“Freeze.”
With a soft chant, the glass was frozen instantly and made a soft cracking sound.
I was on alert for a moment, but no one came to investigate the noise.
This was a way to break glass by using thermal shock, normally done with a lighter and water.
When I was afflicted with chunnibyou, I learned this when I searched for dangerous knowledge that I didn’t plan on ever using.
I thought it’d be useless when I learned about this, but to think it could be put to use now… Pressing the cracks in the glass, I peeled off the pieces near the locks piece by piece.
After the hole was big enough for my hand to reach the lock, I opened the window and sneaked in.
This was the moment I changed from an adventurer to a thief.
Yup, the infiltration was proceeding smoothly. The next problem would be finding Darkness’s room.
Do I need to sneak across the corridor and check every room?
No, if there was someone on patrol, I’d be found even if I used Lurk.
At that moment…
“Did you really hear something?”
“Eh. I hope it was just my imagination…”
From inside the room, I heard this voice from one end of the corridor.
I covered the broken window with the curtain hurriedly and cleaned up the broken glass shards scattered on the floor.
With the creak of the door unlocking, I slid under the bed in the nick of time and activated Lurk.
When the door opened, I heard a resigned voice.
“See, it’s nothing. Norris, it’s about time you change your cowardly personality. Let’s go to the kitchen and ask for some supper to eat.”
“S-Sorry… I thought I heard something breaking…”
I didn’t move as I listened to the door closing and the footsteps fading into the distance.
Since they were talking about supper in the kitchen, they were definitely the patrol guards in the mansion.
In that case, checking the rooms one at a time… Hmm, how about going to the kitchen they mentioned, mentioning that the young lady wanted supper, then following the servant sending supper to Darkness’s room… That was too unrealistic.
First of all, I couldn’t let them see my face, and I didn’t have the talent to imitate the voices of the two patrolmen.
I just felt that if the multi-talented Aqua was here, she’d be able to imitate the voices without a problem.
… Multi-talented?
I suddenly remembered something and coughed dryly– One of the patrolmen was called Norris, right?
“… This is Norris here… Huh…?”
I was surprised by how good my imitation of his voice was.
What was happening, this was really nerve wracking!?
I just remembered about the super actor spell Aqua cast on me and tried it without expecting anything…!
“T-This is really amazing… Ah~ Ah~ Darkness, oh, it’s Darkness…! This is without a doubt the voice of Darkness!”
I tried mimicking Darkness’s voice, and it was indistinguishable from the real thing.
It’d work, this skill would work!
I needed to thank Aqua after returning to the mansion.
……
“You’re wonderful Kazuma-sama, do me!”
I played around with the voice of Darkness and some other people and suddenly came to my senses.
Wait, crap, now wasn’t the time to play by myself, I almost lost track of my goal.
I had never thirsted for a tape recorder so much before, but I should complete the mission of meeting Darkness.
Anyway, time to visit the kitchen.
After making up my mind, I activated Lurk and was planning to leave the room quietly–
I followed the patrolmen who led me to the kitchen. When I was certain they had left, I leaned toward the door.
Coughing once, I thought back on how Norris sounded.
Pretending to knock the door frantically, I said in a hurried tone:
“Sorry, this is Norris! I forgot to mention that the young lady wanted supper! I still have to do my rounds; may you please send the supper to the young lady’s quarters?”
I apologized to Norris-san who I’ve never met before in my heart.
“Really, why are you so eccentric, Chuck? You’re usually meticulous about things, but you always forget about the important stuff… Understood, we’ll send it over, work hard on your duties.”
I heard a reply along with wry laughter.
I said in a panicky voice–
“Thank you very much!”
And with that, I pretended to run off.
I then hid at a corner and waited quietly for the chef to come out.
Sometime later, there was finally some movement from the kitchen–
“Young lady, I’m here to bring you supper.”
After the chef said that, he knocked the door.
I peeked at him from the dark.
Good, good, I found Darkness’s room.
After the chef knocked a few times, the door finally opened.
Wearing a silk negligee and with her hair a mess, Darkness rubbed her tired eyes and appeared. She seemed to have been sleeping.
The chef averted her face and said:
“Erm, Norris said that the young lady wanted supper…”
“…? I don’t remember saying that.”
The chef was confused, but lowered his head immediately and apologized to the sleepy Darkness.
“…? I-I’m very sorry for disturbing you so late at night!”
Darkness seemed baffled as she watched the chef run off in a panic and close the door.
Some time passed by after the chef who didn’t understand what just happened passed my hiding place.
Using this chance, I knocked Darkness’s door–
“Young lady, please wake up. A man named Satou Kazuma suddenly came here in the middle of the night saying he wants to meet the young lady no matter what…!”
I used the voice of the patrol guard Norris and spoke to the person inside the room.
After a while, a reply came from inside…
“… Those claiming to be Kazuma, Aqua and Megumin are to be ignored– I already said that. Really, that guy actually came at such an hour… He really is–!”
A gentle voice that was a mix of pain and happiness came from within.
“But young lady, that Kazuma man says if he’s ignored, he’ll spill the dark history of Lady Lalatina to the people in the guild…”
When she heard that, Darkness laughed:
“Fufu, that guy’s the same as usual… Tell Kazuma to do as he wishes. Anyway, I can’t visit the adventurer’s guild any more…”
Darkness said a little sadly.
……
“But young lady, that man’s telling very unsavory things to the servants at the main gate. He said the young lady’s abs are getting more and more defined, and that the young lady’s very concerned. He asked us to control the amount of protein in her meals…”
A clank came from inside the room.
“He also said that the young lady once giggled happily when she posed with a cute one-piece dress and that we should prepare more of such clothing…”
Another slam came from the room. It sounded like something dropping.
Darkness then said with a quivering voice:
“T-These, these, these are… All lies! Lies! Don’t be fooled!”
……
“Eh, he mentioned something more incredible– May I repeat it to you?”
“… S-Say it.”
I took a deep breath.
“He said the young lady accumulates lust within your mature body over time. Even though you’re a virgin, but every night–”
With tears in her eyes and her cheeks flushed, Darkness opened the door violently and rushed out.
And locked eyes with me.
“!??????????”
Darkness’s mouth opened and shut as she panted, and couldn’t say anything. Her eyes were wide open.
I broke in!
I covered her mouth with my hand and pushed her into the room.
She had yet to recover from her shock and panic, but she still grabbed my right arm with her hands and tried to push me away. However, …!
“With Aqua’s support spells, I won’t lose so easily!”
After whispering that into her ear, I closed and locked the door with my other hand.
Darkness shivered for some unknown reason when she heard the click of the door being locked.
To prevent Darkness from making any sound, I covered her mouth with my right hand and grabbed her right wrist with my other hand. I swiftly checked the situation inside the room.
The light wasn’t on; she was definitely asleep earlier.
Only the sparse starlight lit her face and mine.
I wanted to talk after suppressing her, but didn’t want to throw her onto the floor directly… At this moment, I noticed a large bed behind her.
I put my strength into the arm that was being grabbed by her hands and lifted her up.
“?”
Darkness probably never expected that the weak me could lift her up with one arm.
Perhaps because of Aqua’s strong desire to bring Darkness back, her support magic was very effective today.
After lifting Darkness up, I used the momentum to push her down to the bed.
With a gentle pomf, Darkness’s body sunk into the bed.
I placed my body between Darkness’s legs to prevent her from kicking me and held her down.
Good, now we can talk without any interruptions. Right…?
… Darkness released her hold onto my arm and laid weakly onto the bed.
Blinking the tears in her eyes away, her face was beet red.
I could see her blushing face under the faint starlight.
Because I was covering her mouth with my hand, I could feel her fast breathing coming through my fingers… Hmm?
Wasn’t this situation really bad?
Hey, resist a little, it’d be hard for me to go on if you give in like this!
With the full support of Aqua’s buffing spells, I don’t think I’d lose to Darkness in strength.
However, there were all sorts of problems if she was defenseless like this, as if she had given up…!
I whispered in the dim room:
“Hey, hey Darkness, don’t misunderstand! The situation’s weird now, but I don’t mean it that way. I just came to talk to you, so don’t think that this as a night raid… Ah, hey! Don’t close your eyes as if you’re resigned to your fate! Stop! The atmosphere will become weirder! Stop, this is bad, bad in all sorts of ways!”
As for what was bad, that’d be me of course.
Even if I told them I just wanted to talk to Darkness and went with the flow because Darkness looked very lewd, I would definitely be hit by their combo of Explosion and Resurrection until their anger was appeased.
With my hand on Darkness’s mouth, I started trembling.
“Hey, hey listen to me! I sneaked in here to ask you what happened! Look, don’t scream when I remove my hands, all right? I’m here to talk to you!”
Darkness opened her eyes a little and nodded.
All right…
I was more nervous than I was during all the battles I experienced.
“I’m letting go now. Don’t scream, all right?”
After seeing Darkness nod, I let go of her, and got in position to cover her mouth again if she screams.
Darkness averted her face a little shyly.
“Erm… Kazuma, can you lie beside me when we talk. If you ride on top of me and stick so close, it’s a bit…”
I turned my face in the opposite direction from Darkness.
“Oh, yeah, right. E-Excuse me, I didn’t mean to ride you! … And you too, why did you write such a letter…?
When I let down my guard and wanted to continue the conversation.
“Thief…! I’m about to be violated… Ugh…!”
Damn, this bitch was trying to pull a fast one!
I was careless!
It was too late when I covered Darkness’s mouth again. Sounds of footsteps came from the corridor.
Someone was heading this way.
Oh no, what should I do?
Darkness whose mouth was covered while being pressed down by me had a triumphant and provocative look.
She must be grinning in her heart.
Damn wench!
“Is something the matter, young lady? Pardon me, I’m opening the door now!”
After saying that, the lock creaked open…!
Shit, Darkness’s cocky victorious expression made me want to beat her up.
But, don’t think I’m done here…!
“Don’t open the door! My appearance’s indecent right now! Sorry, I was too excited with my intense game just now and yelled by accident!”
Darkness opened her eyes in surprise when she heard me.
That’s right, I was speaking in Darkness’s voice.
“Is that so…? However, this humble one has yet to confirm the young lady’s safety… And playing games in the middle of the night’s a little…”
The servants were doubting me.
That was natural, Darkness might be saying that because an intruder was threatening her.
“Intense game means the type of games that adults play alone, don’t make me say it, it’s embarrassing.”
“Young lady…?”
Baffled voices came from outside the room.
At the same time, Darkness held onto my right wrist with both hands.
“What, you might be saying that you want to confirm my safety, but in actual fact, you just want to see my indecent appearance, right? You pervert, ahhh!”
Darkness glared at me fiercely with tears in her eyes. She strengthened her grip, as if she wanted to break my right arm.
When they heard me scream from the pain, the people outside panicked.
“What, what’s the matter?”
I endured the pain from my right arm being twisted and said:
“N-Nothing! I just forgot to turn the indecent magic toy off, ahhh! Ahhh, it, it’s breaking! I’m turning strange! I can’t hold it in anymore! I’m really going to break!”
“P-Pardon me! I-I’ll leave at once!!”
The sound of footsteps running away could be heard.
There seemed to be a lot of people who came after hearing the commotion, but they’d scattered after hearing what happened.
Enduring the pain in my arm, I smiled deviously at the tearing Darkness who was trembling all over.
Darkness poked at my hand that was covering her mouth.
She was probably signaling that she wouldn’t scream anymore.
I let my hand go and Darkness sighed.
I looked at the hand that was Darkness grabbed and saw a dark purple, hand shaped mark on it.
If Aqua didn’t buff my defense with magic, it’d probably be broken.
Darkness said with resignation:
“… Seriously, you actually went that far? The servants are going to address me as the perverted young lady in secret now… Ughh…!”
Darkness suddenly quivered.
“You must be thinking ‘that isn’t too bad’.”
“No I didn’t.”
“Yes you did.”
Even in such a situation, this girl was still…
“Hey, what in the world happened? Why’d you leave the party, the rest are worried about you too. At least explain the situation, we’re…”
Comrades, right? – Before I even said that, I felt embarrassed for saying such a line.
“Some things can’t be said because all of you are my important companions… Well, it’s nothing serious, just some problems in my home. Actually, my house owes money to that landlord and father said he’ll pay it back by instalments… But my father’s health’s ailing recently, so that landlord came to rush for the payment, questioning if my father can repay the debt within his lifetime and making things difficult… I heard that the debt would be forgiven if I marry him. It’s that simple.”
What the hell.
“Your house owes that much money? Isn’t your dad a grand noble in this nation, wouldn’t the king help him out? And this…”
I stopped mid-way.
This seemed like…
“That’s right, it’s coercion through loaning us money… However, this is the norm for nobles. A daughter from a noble family marrying another noble– that’s all it is.”
Darkness casually said that as if she wasn’t involved.
She continued after seeing my face.
“Don’t make such an expression, Kazuma. You know my taste in men, right? That landlord seemed really eager to make me his. That lusty pig-like landlord won’t even wait for the wedding night before rushing into my room and pushing me down. Hehe, he’ll probably ravage me for days without anything to eat or drink, how exhilarating…!”
She casually laughed after saying all these, as if she was trying to hide something.
… If that was so, why do you look so sad?
“That’s why you wanted to defeat the Hydra with just the few of us… Erm, sorry for getting so many people to join in, the path to hell is paved with good intentions… How much did you owe, I’ll pay for it–”
“Don’t put it that way, Kazuma. I’m a noble. My duty is to protect the people. Rather than using the hard earned money of the citizens to pay my debt, I’d rather sell my body… And your assets won’t be enough to clear the debt.”
She cut me off and looked at me straight in the eye.
At this moment, I finally had the chance to look at Darkness properly under the starlit sky.
Her pure and strong eyes stared right at me.
Her hair spewed on the bed like golden threads, faintly reflecting the starlight.
She struggled with her mouth covered moments ago, so she was still panting with sweat on her cheeks.
With each deep breath, her chest covered by her thin negligee undulated, giving off a strong sense of presence.
And when she struggled with me earlier, Darkness’s negligee had slid off her shoulders and flipped up her skirt. Darkness whose whole body was emitting heat turned a light shade of red–
I started chanting spells that could clear my head.
‘Old lady lying half-naked in the living room…
The panties of the grandma filled with unknown expectations…
Dust’s butt inside a red lace underwear–!
May my heart be as still as water!!’
The spell worked and my heart was absolutely serene.
Good, no problem, I could definitely tide over this.
Darkness, who was looking straight at me from below, gently smiled and said after I regained my composure:
“… Instead of giving my precious virginity to the landlord… Hey Kazuma, how about becoming adults together…?”
The spell I cast was suddenly ineffective.
Calm down Satou Kazuma, think it through.
Darkness only said that because her mind was set on marrying.
She’d given up and thought she won’t meet us ever again.
But how could I let this happen?
That’s right, I won’t give Darkness to that fellow so easily, and I’ll definitely stop this.
In that case, it’d be awkward if we did it here.
Becoming lovers with Darkness?
No! Satou Kazuma, why’d you come here in the first place?
While I was trying to convince myself, Darkness gently gripped my right hand.
And pulled it toward her body…!
She probably didn’t have the courage to let me caress her breasts right away, so Darkness simply grabbed my hand, not knowing where to place it.
Seeing her uneasy expression, I considered it for two seconds…!
Screw the consequences and enjoy the moment.
I placed my right hand that was grabbed and placed it on her abdomen.
Darkness shivered intensely.
And gently closed her eyes.
I thought about saying something romantic as I caressed Darkness’s white skin on her stomach…
“… Your abs are getting really defined.”
Under the faint light of the stars, Darkness and I faced off against each other in the middle of the room.
Before me was Darkness who lost all her earlier lewdness, her fists tightly clenched with bloodshot eyes, ready to attack.
“I was in the wrong! I admit I was in the wrong, okay? It was a slip of the tongue! Sorry, I couldn’t help it!”
“There are times when I blow my top too! Damn it, how dare you toy with a woman who’s offering her body, you’ll pay for this! I’ll cut you into pieces!”
“Young lady, please don’t use crude terms like ‘cut you into pieces’! …What, so you like me, is that it? Then just say it straight!”
“Who’d like a dumbass like you? I’m seriously pissed off right now! And don’t call me young lady!”
Darkness yelled as she pounced at me.
With my speed enhanced by buff spells, I easily dodged.
The sound of footsteps came from the corridor once again; someone was charging this way.
“Hehe, what now Kazuma? My servants are here! You’re done for if they find you. You broke into the bedroom of a young lady; you’ll lose your head without my help! If you prostrate yourself before me now, I might just forgive you!”
She probably became angrier because of my nimble dodging, which made Darkness look more furious than ever.
In the end, a whole crowd of people gathered outside and the door was banged heavily.
“Young lady! We’re opening the door now, young lady!”
When she heard their voice, Darkness opened her arms wide and jumped in an attempt to catch me.
I could dodge this easily under normal conditions, and now that I’ve Aqua’s buffing spell, it was a walk in the park.
I suffered a lot of hardships to get here, not to mention how worried I was all this while.
How could I back down now?
“Bring it on! Lewdsader whose only strong points are your erotic body, stamina and arm strength! It’s time to see you cry a river after losing to the weakest job! Have a taste of the real power I showed in the capital!”
I answered using Darkness’s voice and took on Darkness who pounced on me, pushing against each other with our hands.
“D-Don’t mimic my voice!”
“Y-Young lady? What are you playing at?”
Confused voices came from behind the door.
They must be baffled since Darkness and I spoke with the same voice.
The door then opened with a creek.
I turned my face toward the door…!
“Don’t open the door~ Lalatina’s naked right now! I’ll be seen~!”
“Huh? P-Pardon me…!”
My voice acting made the door opening sound stop.
Using this chance, I used Drain Touch to siphon Darkness’s stamina.
But Darkness’s stamina was on a totally different level from the capital’s knights and was unmoved by Drain Touch.
Forcefully grabbing onto me, Darkness said with a blushing face:
“Don’t say that with my voice! Hey, come in quick! It’s an intruder who can mimic my voice with magic!”
“Ah, okay, right away!”
The sound of the lock opening started again.
Damn it!
“Hahaha! It’s my win, Kazuma! After so many battles with you, I’m satisfied that we can finally resolve this!”
Darkness said cockily as she endured my Drain Touch.
She even said ‘final’, how can I lose now?
I relaxed my strength and Darkness who was leaning forward while saying her victorious lines lost her balance.
Using this chance, I pulled my left hand from her and put it on Darkness’s back.
I shouted with my original voice:
“Freeze!!”
“Ahhh!”
Darkness yelped when the ice attack hit her back and shivered.
When Darkness fell onto her knees with her face flushed and body quivering, I pulled my right hand out.
“Young lady!”
I faced the door that opened with a bang and raised my right hand.
“Create Earth!”
This was the ever effective beginner spell that blinds people.
When she saw the dirt on my hand, Darkness realized my intentions and warned…
“Everyone, cover your…!”
Eyes– Before she could finish–
“Wind Breath!”
I cast my spell–!
I’m Kazuma.
An Adventurer from Japan.
My dream was to live a carefree and willful life without any want for money.
With such a simple dream and living a simple life, I–
“Have you found him yet? He’s not in the shadows here! That guy has the Lurk skill, don’t overlook places that seem empty either! Don’t let him escape! With the name of house Dustiness on the line, I want that fellow captured and brought before me!”
“Yes, young lady!” x3
I’m thinking about how to hide from the pursuit of the furious Darkness.
“Kazuma! Where are you? If you come out now, I’ll forgive you after punching you at full force ten times! But if you get caught by me, I won’t let you off so simply!”
The raging Darkness roared behind my hiding place.
While listening to the cries, I crouched and sneaked through the corridor.
Darkness was completely lost in her fury right now.
I won’t be able to talk to her like this, so I’ll withdraw for now.
Or rather, I might really be murdered by Darkness if she catches me. She knew Aqua could cast Resurrection after all.
In order to escape from the mansion, I tried breaking into a nearby room.
Luckily, the door wasn’t locked.
All right, I just need to get out through the window.
I approached the window while thinking that…
I suddenly heard a faint voice from the middle of the room, where the bed was.
“… Is someone there…?”
It was Darkness’s dad.
Even though the room was dark, his thin and pale face was obvious to me.
“Ah, it’s you… What are you doing here in the middle of the night…? I see, my daughter has a bunch of good comrades…”
Darkness’s dad said with a weak smile.
He seemed to have guessed my goal after seeing me here at this hour.
As expected of the noble known as the treasured sword of the kingdom.
However, he didn’t have the same vigor as the first time I met him.
Her father that was so energetic then was now smiling so weakly.
Just what kind of illness can ravage a man in such a short time?
The sound of people running echoed from the corridor.
“Old man, sorry for visiting you when you’re not feeling well, but your daughter’s raging in the house right now. Could you calm her down?”
When he heard that, the uncle happily smiled in his blanket.
“Is that so. My daughter that was so depressed recently actually got that angry?”
Old man, this is no laughing matter.
… Oh right.
“Old man, I heard you owe that landlord some money, but I don’t think someone like you’d borrow from him. Also, this doesn’t look like a house that’s troubled over money. Why are you troubled over debts then…?”
I expressed my doubts.
It wasn’t appropriate to ask this with him being ill, but Darkness wouldn’t tell me the details, so this was the only way.
“… Yes, Kazuma-kun, you really are bright. I’ll leave my daughter to you. Sorry, but can you elope with her…?”
What was this person trying to say?
I was asking about the debts, so why’d he talk about eloping?
“No, I refuse, no freaking way. Also, your daughter’s chasing me all over the house and yelling for my blood right now. If you’ll allow me to be frank, your daughter’s really refined.”
“Haha, you’re right, she’s a virtuous and gentle girl. Pure, shy and hates to trouble others.”
I wanted to retort with ‘who the hell’s that?’, but decided to hold my piece.
He accepted my sarcasm straight and started praising his daughter.
I don’t know what disease it was, but it probably got into his brain.
Uncle might be feeling weak, but he still looked straight at me with unwavering eyes.
“Please don’t mind the details. My daughter only owes money because of her own actions… Don’t worry, once you elope with my daughter, I can sell the house. I’ll get a large sum then. I’m thinking of some other way to wipe away the debt too.”
Wipe away the debt…? In other words, an unjustifiable debt?
Anyway, this competent father will definitely think of some way.
“However, my daughter wanted to settle the problem through marriage. I’m willing to give anything to stop her… Kazuma-kun. As a father, I can tell that my daughter really likes you. I might be shamelessly promoting her but– She’s really a good woman… How about it, would you take her hand…?”
“You ask me how about it…? Your daughter just said she wanted to turn me into mincemeat…”
On top of that, the most important thing was…
“That’s right, old man, just where does it hurt? I’ve a good… Eh, an Archpriest that’s only good with magic in my team. She can even use Resurrection. I don’t know where it hurts for you, but if I bring her here, there should be a way to help.”
In an exceptional case like this, that useless bum would be of help.
But he merely smiled when he heard me.
“… No, it’s futile. Healing magic can’t heal me either. And Resurrection won’t work if I die from sickness. That’d be considered a natural death. Those who die a natural death can’t be woken by the miracle of the gods. No matter the cause of death, those whose time has come should return to the heavens. This is something we should be happy for… So, don’t make such a sad face.”
It seemed my feelings was shown on my face without me realizing it.
“Can you let the Archpriest in my party diagnose your illness? For uncle to fall sick at such a time is a bit…”
“Like I’ve been poisoned by the landlord, right?”
Uncle said what I was thinking out loud.
… That’s right.
From how obsessed that landlord was over Darkness, he probably would do anything to get his hands on her.
However, …
“I already investigated. No, this is the first possibility I checked. I wasn’t poisoned.”
That’s true, Darkness’s dad was a competent noble.
He was definitely more thorough in his investigation than me.
“Have you still not found him? Come out, Kazuma! And explain to the house help how you mimicked my voice, and clear up the misunderstanding!”
Darkness’s voice came from the corridor.
Uncle smiled wryly.
“Hey… I leave my daughter to you.”
T-This was bad…
“Can’t you discuss this with the king or someone about this? Uncle’s a grand noble in this kingdom, right? If the debts were forced onto you by the landlord through unscrupulous means…”
Closing his eyes, he shook his head slowly.
“Even if I did so, my daughter will still marry. She’s really stubborn, I wonder who she learned that from. Even if I asked the king for help, she’d say, ‘Don’t use the tax money of the people on something like this’ and sacrifice herself… Sigh, why’s my daughter so witless.”
That’s right.
Absolutely right.
As her father, you should do something about your daughter’s stubbornness… At that moment, the door opened with a bang.
Outside the room the panting Darkness stared at me with wrath in her eyes.
“Hehe… So you’re here, Kazuma, hahaha! Let’s see how you’ll…”
“Hey, there’s a sick person here, don’t make a din opening the door. Calm down, I only came as a representative for everyone who’s worried about you…!”
The angry Darkness ignored my explanation.
“Shut up! To think you can shatter the reputation of the target you’re worried about in such a short time…! This is a matter between nobles, a commoner like you shouldn’t interfere! Go back to the mansion and farm some strange crops should be enough for you!”
This woman!
“Forget about the debt! Let’s run away together and start over in a new place! You should know that if I return empty handed, those two will–! Especially Megumin, she’ll do something reckless! Like blowing away the venue of your wedding or something!”
“Do it if you’ve got the guts! I’ll definitely have you arrested as the mastermind! If you don’t want to go to jail, rein them in! I won’t run! Even if I do, someone else will be implicated! … And first of all…”
Darkness charged at me as she said that.
So she wanted to conclude the last match before her marriage?
Oh no, I’ll die!
I turned and sprint for the window.
“You, witless stubborn woman! Enough, do what you want! I won’t care no matter how much you cry after this!”
After spitting out this line, I flew toward the window with a flying kick…!
“If you want my help, you can apologize to me anytime! Say, ‘I’m sorry for making everyone worry, I need Kazuma-sama’s help’… Uwah!”
The glass on the window was harder than I imagined. I didn’t break the glass with my kick and my entire body crashed into the window.
Instead of a kick, the window was smashed open with my body slam and I fell out of the window with the shattered pieces onto the ground.
Even though it was just the second floor, without anything to break my fall, I rolled on the ground in pain.
Darkness came to the window and looked down at me–
“A-Are you all right, Kazuma-sama? If you say, ‘Sorry Darkness-sama, please save me!’, I won’t mind giving you first aid!”
Her shoulders were shaking as she said that.
Pushing my pain-struck body, I climbed over the iron fence to flee from the guards that came running because of the noise…!
“D-Damn it… Darkness! I won’t help you even if you come to me crying! – Don’t fucking come here! Create Water! Freeze!”
After cursing out at Darkness who was watching me excitedly, I cast my spells on the guard chasing me and escaped back to the mansion.
“Uguuu…! Aqua! Aqua!! Heal me! Heal me quick!!”
After making it home, I walked toward Aqua who was dozing off on the couch in the living room with an egg in her arms.
Darkness probably thought it’d be awkward to meet Aqua and Megumin, so she didn’t pursue me.
“… Hmm? … Hey, what happened to you Kazuma, you’re wounded all over! Did you see Darkness? Why are you hurt so badly? Did you say something dumb again?”
Aqua kept asking such questions as she healed me with her spell.
And why do you seem so happy to see me wounded all over?
Hearing our commotion, Megumin, who was sleeping on the same couch woke up.
“Kazuma, you’re finally back. What happened? Did you shoot your mouth off again? Did you convince Darkness?”
Now I know just what exactly am I in the eyes of these two.
Despite Aqua healing my wounds, I still felt hurt.
Unable to expel that feeling in my heart, I headed to my room on the second floor alone.
“Don’t get involved with that girl anymore! Leave her be! Unless she comes crying for help, leave her alone! I don’t want to suffer anymore, so take care of the rest!”
Aqua and Megumin looked at each other when I showed my attitude of resignation.
“Eh… Darkness even promised to build a small pet house after this kid hatches…”
Aqua lowered her gaze disappointedly with the egg in her arms.
As for Megumin–
“Kazuma, I don’t know what happened, but now’s not the time to throw tantrums! And why must Darkness marry anyway?”
She asked while facing my back that was walking up the stairs.
I stopped.
“She owes money! Her family owes a big sum of money to the landlord! I heard the debt will be forgiven if she marries the landlord!”
“Ugh… Debt, huh? I don’t know how much she borrowed, but I just sent money back home and don’t have much on me…”
Megumin said as she flipped through her purse that was full of shopping point cards and coupons, and sighed.
“It can’t be helped. If she really needs money, I’ll break my tiger-shaped piggy bank then.”
Aqua proposed a useless idea with an egg in her arms.
I didn’t know the exact sum, but it was big enough that a grand noble like Darkness had to sell herself off.
Megumin and Aqua’s spare change would just be a drop in the ocean.
With my back toward them, I headed to my room.
“She already made up her mind! Just let her be! Unless she comes to me crying and apologizing, I won’t do anything about it!”
Megumin shouted at me.
“Kazuma, is this the time to vent your anger? Darkness’s going to be married off! Are you fine with that?”
Tell that to that stubborn girl instead!
Translator: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
The town was buzzing these past few days.
The landlord who was infamous for being a miser seemed to have spent a lot of money to announce his wedding, creating a festive mood.
He seemed to be sealing all the retreat routes so Darkness couldn’t change her mind.
The date of the wedding was set and announced.
The landlord probably couldn’t wait, setting the date of the ceremony one week later without any regard for anything else.
He must be anxiously awaiting the day of his wedding with Darkness.
“Kazuma. I’ve already asked plenty of times, but is this okay? Is this really okay? Is this really, really, okay?”
Megumin pressed me as I kept making all sorts of prototypes.
I mixed the sap of a plant named tar together with the digestive fluid of slimes, working hard on developing a new product.
By combining the two, I could create a half dried vinyl material.
I worked nonstop.
“I’ve already said it many times; I can’t do anything if she’s so stubborn about it. There’s still a week left, if she comes to me crying, I’ll think of something. If not, I won’t worry about it.”
After saying that, I blew air into the small vinyl droplet.
The process wasn’t easy.
There may be another method to more easily mass-produce this, but since I’m merely in the process of making a prototype, I’ll just bear with it.
Aqua, who was sitting at the side, didn’t pay any attention to Megumin and me, instead singing her song as she cradled her egg on the couch.
It was annoying, but letting her be was better than her interfering with my prototype.
But for some reason, I was a bit angry that her singing was quite good.
… Megumin picked up the prototype I was making.
“Stop fooling around! You should think about it more seriously! I won’t acknowledge this! If you’re just going to sit idly by, I’ve my own plans too!”
Megumin then tightly gripped the prototype she took from me.
“Hey, don’t cause any trouble, okay? If you go too far with your stupid plans, it’ll trouble Darkness. Darkness asked me to rein you and Aqua in… All right, give that back. I’ve spent a lot of time since this morning to make it.”
Coaxing the angry Megumin, I reached out my hand, prompting her to return that thing to me.
“… What’s this?”
Megumin fiddled with that thing as she observed it.
“I’m creating something known as bubble wrap from my country. It feels different because of the material and the way it’s made; I still think it’s workable.”
Megumin listened to my explanation carefully.
“… What’s it used for?”
She asked moodily.
“It’s meant to be popped. By popping it one at a time, your heart will become peaceful.”
“… That’s it?”
“That’s it.”
……
Megumin squeezed the bubble wrap I spent a long time making like a broken rag.
“Ahhh–!!”
“What the hell–?”
I screamed when I saw Megumin popping the entire bubble wrap in one go with a yell.
She exhaled with satisfaction, smoothed out the ball of bubble wrap and returned it to me.
“… This does help one to calm down. I feel a little better.”
Megumin left briskly as I knelt onto the ground weakly.
T-The thing I spent so much time making was…!
Aqua who ignored our interaction sang:
“That’s the way the money goes. Pop, goes the weasel–”
“Shut up!”
Even my outburst felt annoying.
… Damn it!
Why did I vent this out on Aqua?
Why was I so irritable?
– Six days left before Darkness’s wedding ceremony.
“Excuse me, is there a Satou Kazuma-sama here?”
I was shutting myself in when a middle aged butler visited.
“Who is it? … Wait, I’ve met you before.”
That’s right, I recall that he was a butler serving in house Dustiness.
“It’s been a while, I’m the head butler of house Dustiness, Hagen. I’ve something to discuss with Kazuma-sama today…”
Looking for me?
Could it be, Darkness finally got off her high horse and was seeking help from me?
Contrary to my faint expectation, the butler named Hagen lowered his head.
“Actually, we’ve been receiving mail like this every day.”
He said as he handed a letter to me.
I opened and browsed through it…
“I’m very sorry! I’ll teach that dumb broad a lesson!”
“No, it’s fine. It’s just that it’d be bad if such letters are sent to the house of the landlord, that’s why I’m here before it escalates that far.”
I crumpled the letter and deeply bowed to Hagen.
After seeing off Hagen who left after performing his task, I looked at the crumpled letter again.
“A notice to the Dustiness house. According to reliable sources, a General of the Demon King’s Army might perform a terrorist attack on the Church of Eris in Axel. The day of the attack’s the day of the ceremony. If you don’t stop the wedding, the Church will be blown away by explosion magic. Please take this warning seriously… From a certain earnest mage.”
“Megumin! I’ve got something to tell you, open the door!”
With the threatening letter in hand, I roared at Megumin’s room.
– Four days before the wedding.
“All right, next! A rookie killer bigger than the bag itself will come out of it!”
“Are you trying to die by releasing that thing? What the hell are you doing, get over here!”
Right in front of Darkness’s house, I grabbed Aqua who was doing a strange performance in front of a huge crowd.
“Hey, what are you doing Kazuma, let go! I even submitted a request to capture a rookie killer just for this, okay? That aside, look at all these people!! All of them are here to watch my performance.”
“That’s why they asked me to come here, don’t cause trouble by doing this in front of other people’s homes! Stop it! Why are you even doing this?”
Aqua was cheered on by a massive turnout and donations came flying from everywhere.
“Ah, please don’t tip me, I’m not a busker, I don’t take donations… Kazuma, this is a plan to lure Darkness out of the mansion.”
Aqua earnestly rejected the donations as she whispered into my ear.
This girl, could it be…?
“You’re performing here in order to attract Darkness’s attention?”
“That’s it! Think about it, don’t you know about the story of the sun goddess’s cave? A certain goddess threw a tantrum and became a hikikomori, but she was lured by the singing and dancing of a party, got tricked and dragged out.”
“I heard about that before, but do all the gods in this world like parties? Not all goddesses are like you.”
Aqua ignored my retort and turned toward Darkness’s house.
“I noticed that the curtain in that room has been shaking from just now. It must be the curious Darkness who’s peeking. Hey~! Darkness, can you hear me? Come on out~! Quick, you’ll regret it if you don’t come and see! You can get to see my secret technique now! … Ah, hey Kazuma, what are you doing, unhand me!”
“Like I said, they came to me to complain, so stop performing in front of their house! All right, time to go!”
“Don’t wanna! If Darkness doesn’t come out, I’ll perform here every day!! Go away if you’re here to hinder me! Go on, shoo!!”
By the time I dragged the unnaturally stubborn Aqua home, the sun had already set.
– Two days before the wedding.
“I’m home…”
“Welcome back. Don’t do anything stupid again.”
Megumin, who just came home, stood listlessly at the door.
Disregarding my advice, she sent a threatening letter to the landlord’s home and was detained until today.
“Thanks to the people from Darkness’s house, I was given an exceptional pardon…”
“You wanted to help Darkness, but were saved by her instead. I know how you feel, but don’t be reckless now. Both you and Aqua are doing nothing but trouble, you know?”
I nagged at Megumin while developing new merchandise today too.
By the way, Aqua ran off to Darkness’s home today as well.
Recently, stalls had sprung up around Darkness’s home, turning into a tiny festival.
“As expected, Aqua and I couldn’t achieve much. Kazuma, it’s about time you helped us interfere with the wedding, right?”
Megumin wobbled to the couch and collapsed onto it, and started saying such things again.
“… I’ll go if Darkness asks for my help.”
When she heard that, Megumin jumped up.
“You inhumane bastard! You’re known as Scumzuma and Trashzuma in town, but I still thought that you were someone who wouldn’t leave your friends in a ditch and would help when it was time to do so!”
She started her verbal attack on me as I meddled with my new product.
“Hey, could you tell me the names of the ones calling me by those names? It’s about time I settle things with them.”
Megumin sunk into the couch once again.
“At a time like this, the person I like would say, ‘It can’t be helped’ in an irritated tone and would come up with a plan. That’s the kind of man he is. He shouldn’t be someone who keeps throwing tantrums.”
“D-Don’t think I’ll help you just because you hinted that you like me, okay? I won’t be fooled so easily.”
To conceal my surprise at the sudden confession, I pointed at the product I was making to soothe her.
“Don’t be so mad, give this a try. This thing here’s a punching bag, used to vent one’s stress. It’s made with real leather, you know? Well, the only material that can be used is real leather though.”
To calm Megumin down, I pointed to the standing punching bag filled with sand and covered with real leather.
Megumin was intrigued when she heard the word vent.
“How do you use this?”
“Simple. Just attack it. Punching or kicking will work. Ah, let me be clear, spells are prohibited. That’s common sense, but I should tell you just in case.”
After finishing my work, I joked as I walked toward the kitchen to make some tea and rest…
“Take this!!”
“?”
When I heard Megumin’s war cry, I’d an ominous feeling and looked back.
“Hee… I feel a little bit battled. Excuse me, please make another one.”
“Why’d you use a knife? Didn’t I tell you to punch or kick it?”
With my utility knife in her hand, Megumin stood at the side with a satisfied look. As for the punching bag, it turned into trash now.
– I kept developing new merchandise nonstop, as if I were protesting the days without Darkness.
And the day was finally here.
Today was Darkness’s wedding day.
In the end, she didn’t come to us for help.
“Let’s go Kazuma! We’ll destroy the ceremony! … Hehe, a spell accidentally flies over and blows up the church, or a spell accidentally making the landlord’s mansion explode, such things are quite common.”
“Hey, don’t do that. Forget the debts, you really will become a criminal.”
In order to discuss things with Vanir, I was busy arranging the products I made on the table of the living room.
My time spent crafting all sorts of items were also coming to an end.
I couldn’t think of any more ideas.
All sorts of design plans and efficient production methods.
I didn’t really understand the details of farming, but I wrote down the basic knowledge I knew as a Japanese without hesitation.
Darkness’s wedding ceremony seemed to be scheduled for this afternoon, but I had no intention of attending.
Since she didn’t ask for aid, it wasn’t appropriate for me to barge in.
I was meaninglessly acting out of spite.
I knew that, but…
Megumin looked at me with a vexed expression, gripping her staff tightly as she said:
“The person I like isn’t someone who’d keep wallowing in depression! Kazuma! Are you fine with Darkness marrying the landlord? Are you fine with the landlord doing whatever he wants with Darkness?”
“It! Isn’t! Fine!”
I yelled at Megumin in response.
Megumin was shocked by my outburst and backed away.
“It isn’t fine; I don’t like that guy getting Darkness either! He’s ugly and has a bad reputation! You should know that! That old man got his hands on cute girls and good women through unscrupulous means, then chased them away with a token breakup fee after he had enough! Worst of all, despite his insidious behavior, the decisive evidence is always missing for some reason!”
Megumin silently lowered her head when she heard what I said.
“Sorry. So you investigated the person Darkness’s going to wed…?”
I tried finding out about him, and that landlord was worse than I imagined.
Even an amateur like me found out all sorts of things.
Taking bribes and extortion.
However, the key factor was the lack of evidence.
The women who were victimized refused to talk about it, and the lack of proof meant the kingdom couldn’t do anything about that old man.
I heard that Darkness’s dad was posted here to monitor the landlord and dig up decisive evidence.
Megumin tightly gripped her staff.
“That means we can’t just ignore this, right? Kazuma, can’t you think of any underhanded plan? Like you did for the hapless party before, think of something.”
… Underhanded plan, huh? Just in what light does she see me?
“But I can’t do anything this time. First of all, Darkness didn’t tell me how much she owes, so I’ve no idea about that at all. Next, even if I raised the money, I can’t convince Darkness. That stubborn girl won’t be willing to accept the money. And finally…”
Megumin was confused.
“Finally?”
“This is a wedding ceremony between nobles. The security’s tight, so we can’t go near it… Or rather, that’s the reason why I’ve been waiting for Darkness to ask for my help. As for Darkness’s house, they strengthened their security after I broke in last time, so I can’t get in again.”
I wasn’t bothered by this until now, but I can feel the difference in status right now.
I didn’t want the dumbfounded Megumin to continue staring at my expression, so I averted my face.
My back was probably giving off the sorrow of a man who’d been robbed of someone he likes.
“Darkness’s father fell sick, so we’ll be rejected even if we seek an audience with him… I don’t have any ties with nobles that’d allow for me to enter the venue where the ceremony will take place… I’m just a commoner after all.”
I thought about using the relationship I fostered in the capital, but even if I asked Iris, she won’t be able to do anything if both parties were willing to marry.
Our statuses were different after all.
It was a miracle that we were able adventure together with Darkness for so long despite coming from completely different worlds.
After I made these excuses…
“I understand. I know that Kazuma investigated the groom and did what you could. That’s enough for me.”
Megumin sneaked a peek at my listless expression and showed a relieved smile for some reason.
“I’ll seriously think about it and take a path I won’t regret. Kazuma, please think it through carefully too and take a path you won’t regret…”
Megumin probably ate something weird and was acting strange. She used a sincere voice unlike her usual self and sounded like a real wise mage.
I was speechless as Megumin went out briskly.
… Should I stop her?
No, I can’t do that anymore.
After seeing Megumin off, I stood alone in the vast mansion.
It was rare for Aqua to have guests.
Right now, she was talking to the guest in her room on the second floor.
It seemed that she received a sudden job request, but I wasn’t in the mood to help Aqua today.
Everyone who didn’t have much to do would gather in the living room to lazily spend their time.
Staying here alone really made this house seem so big and lonely.
… It couldn’t be helped.
Adventuring together with a noble lady was something I’d never imagine when I was still in Japan.
Life won’t be so smooth, that’s how reality was right now.
I sat down on the couch and sighed deeply.
The door suddenly opened with a bang, destroying this melancholic mood.
The one who appeared was–
“Thank thee for thy patronage! Forget about the unreliable goddess, the devil who can see through everything’s here to help thou. Weep tears of joy for moi visit and cheer as much as thee wish. Come, let moi see the various knowledge possessed by thou!”
“Hey, bring the beautiful shop owner over here! Change, change! Why must I discuss business with you when I am feeling down? I want the beautiful shop owner! Wiz! Give me Wiz!”
I sat down opposite Vanir in the living room while I was saying that.
“Right now, she is busy tending the shop while crying, saying that she ‘wants to sleep longer’. Unexpectedly this had the effect of ‘the owner who is crying as she works is so cute’ and ‘She will cry tears of joy if the merchandise sells well! Buy buy buy!’, which made moi extremely happy. Also, it is impossible for that debt creation machine to negotiate business with others. Yesterday, moi was feeling charitable and gave her a short break, but I only took moi eyes off her for a moment and she brought in these pendants, saying that she wants to sell them to adventurer couples.”
“What kind of pendants?”
“These are pendants that will explode by burning the last shred of the person’s life who is on the verge of dying. The underlying principle is ‘sacrificing your life to protect the ones you most cherish at the final moment…’ Isn’t that romantic, she kept excitedly going ‘hyaa’, ‘hyaa’. However, this thing is too powerful, not just the enemy, even the person you are protecting will be blown away. It really makes moi doubt the owner’s business sense. Thou want one?”
“… I-I will pass… That aside, what do you mean about helping me?”
Vanir didn’t answer my question.
“Leave that aside for now. Bring out the goods first. Moi will use my eyes to see through the appropriate price… However, moi have already prepared the money that will satisfy thee.”
He said while tapping his small black bag.
The devil who could see through everything was really efficient.
“That might be so, but I might still haggle with you. This is the compilation of all the knowledge I have. It should be obvious that I have no intention of selling it for cheap.”
If I couldn’t save Darkness, there was no meaning in selling them.
Vanir said in a tone as if he had seen through everything.
“The man who wants to rescue the armour girl very much but is afraid of being rejected. The devil Vanir who can see through everything announce this here. Thou will relinquish all thy intellectual property rights in exchange for what is inside this bag.”
… The devil who can see through everything is really troublesome.
Vanir stuffs all the design plans, prototypes and intellectual property rights certificate I handed to him into his huge bag without even checking them.
There was no need to do so for him.
By the way, I didn’t say I would sell them yet…
… Because he is a devil who can see through everything?
“Hey Vanir, you know everything right?”
I pretended to be casual as I asked Vanir who was stuffing the documents into his bag.
Vanir didn’t even look at me as he kept stuffing his bag and said:
“Hmm. Not everything, but moi can see through most of it. For example, moi knows what thou art going to ask next. Why did the armour girl you care so much about owed a huge debt to the landlord. Is there any way to save her. Why isn’t there any evidence despite all the landlord’s wrongdoings.”
I gulped.
“… Hey, even though you are a devil…”
“Even though moi art a devil, why art moi aiding you without anything to gain? Is moi plotting something… Of course there is. Moi art a devil after all. For example, in order to buy the valuable intellectual property thou art keeping on hand for emergencies at a bargain…”
Vanir not moving his hands and smiled at me.
Tch, this bastard.
“You can’t do anything if I don’t sell it. Instead of that, if you know something that I want, then just tell me.”
“All right all right. Well then, moi will reveal the truth to thee! For example, what type and colour the shop owner is wearing today! Hahaha, just kidding… Hmm? The delicious negative emotions didn’t flow out.”
“Please tell me about that later.”
“O-Okay… Well then, I will tell thou the things thee really want to know. The armour girl is in debt because…”
“Sacred Exorcism!”
Aqua’s voice suddenly cut Vanir off.
At the same time, Vanir was surrounded by a pillar of light.
After the light disappeared, only Vanir’s mask was left spinning on the ground, making a clattering sound.
“Hey Vanir! You’re an arch devil right? It is fine, you won’t die because of an attack from the goddess of toilets right? Wake up!”
“What? I take my eyes off you for just a moment and Kazuma gets brainwashed by a devil? Hey, why are you helping the devil? And I am the goddess of water!”
She probably saw Vanir when she was walking down the stairs and threw her spell at him.
Aqua kept her pose after casting her spell while she was shouting all that.
This bitch always does unnecessary things during the most crucial moments!
A familiar middle aged man was behind Aqua.
He was house Dustiness’ butler who has been coming every day to complain.
I didn’t know what kind of job request he had for Aqua, but he was surprised by the situation before him.
Right before my eyes, Vanir’s body started growing from beneath the mask.
… How convenient for him to have a set of clothes on him whenever he resurrects… No, his clothes were destroyed by Aqua in the first place because they were a part of his body.
“Hahaha, thou actually use sneak attacks just like a devil, delinquent goddess! Look, moi cool mask is cracked!”
“Com now~ Devils are like pests, aren’t they~? Will you give pests a heads up before exterminating them, and say ‘I am going to kill you, so I’m very sorry’? Isn’t that dumb? Don’t make me laugh.”
The two glared at each other and a dangerous atmosphere arose. I hurriedly stopped the two of them.
“Hey you two, pick another day to fight. Aqua, I want to hear what Vanir has to say, don’t get in the way!”
After hearing what I said, Aqua reluctantly backed off.
Hagen, who was behind Aqua, could sense the dangerous air in the room.
“E-Erm, I don’t know what the fuss is about. Archpriest-sama, the ceremony will begin at noon, we’ll be in your care. Well then, I’ll excuse myself.”
He then crouched and walked briskly between Aqua and Vanir, walking out of the door in a rush.
I was curious about why he was here, but Vanir’s matter was more important right now.
The corner of Vanir’s lips rose as if he was boasting his victory to Aqua.
“Hahaha, useless goddess who wasn’t of any help for this incident, bite vexingly at thy handkerchief as thee watch the grace and utility of moi!”
This devil was unexpectedly childish, and even stuck his tongue out to Aqua to taunt her.
Aqua’s brow slowly rose up. We couldn’t talk like this, so please hold back.
She cradled her precious egg and sat on the couch, between me and Vanir.
She was probably intending to listen in too. Sitting with her arms around her knees, she glared at Vanir from so close their nose was almost touching.
“It is hard to talk like this… The sad man who can’t even depend on her even though a goddess is by his side. Thou want to know why the armour girl is in debt? It all began with the subjugation of the Mobile Fortress Destroyer.”
Vanir said in a casual tone as if he was just making small talk.
……
What did he just say?
“Hey, explain.”
Vanir laughed when he heard what I said.
He didn’t dally and continued:
“There isn’t much details to speak of. Like other cities in the past, the landlord will lose their territory after the Destroyer rampaged through it. The citizens will lose their homes and the nobles will bear the responsibility, everyone will be uprooted from their lives. This might be a relatively better ending for the wandering adventurers. However, this city wasn’t ravaged.”
… Wasn’t that a good thing?
Vanir probably saw through what I was thinking and laughed once again.
“The town was saved. The people whose livelihood is in the town was spared. It’s the same for the citizens, too… And the Destroyer was defeated at the city gates. Of course, that means the flood control facilities, granaries and all sorts of structures were destroyed along the way.”
… I knew that did happen.
However, wasn’t the damage already minimized?
“Because the granaries are destroyed, the crop workers lost their jobs and fortune. It wasn’t easy to rebuild the granaries. And so, these people sought help from the landlord.”
… I already have a bad feeling about this and frowned.
“That’s right, it is just as thou think! That landlord said to the people seeking his help: ‘Just making out with your life is already a blessing, don’t ask for more. If you want to complain, complain to the adventurers who failed to protect the granaries. Look, the adventurers received a huge reward and have money to spare. Why not make them compensate with their bounty?’”
… The evil landlord was making my face pale.
“Yes. Except for the irresponsible landlord, no one is to blame. The adventurers already performed above expectations. There wasn’t any doubt with that. However, the refugees still lost their homes, and their feelings were understandable. Even if thou tell them ‘this is just like a natural disaster, so give up’, that won’t change their views.
Vanir had a smile that befits that of a devil.
– He then casually said something I couldn’t ignore.
“The people who were rejected by the landlord went crying towards someone. That’s right, they went to seek house Dustiness, who has close ties with all of thee. They said ‘The merciful Dustiness-sama who shouldered the cost of the flood damages for a mere adventurer. Please take pity on us too’… That’s how it is.”
“What did you say? What happened to the buildings damaged by the flood?”
When he heard my question, Vanir smiled just like a devil.
“The serious damage done to the buildings is not something just a few hundred million can settle. When the guild staff asked thee to compensate for the building damages, didn’t they already told you? ‘Not compensate all of it, but at least some of it.’
That girl.
“Aside from the mansion, most of the wealth of house Dustiness was used to pay for the damages. After losing most of their assets, the armour girl from house Dustiness lowered her head to the landlord to take out a loan in order to help the people who are suffering because of the Destroyer.”
What is that girl thinking, doing all that on her own?
“The landlord who was reluctant to lend his money added the following condition, ‘if something happens to the head of the house Dustiness which makes it hard to return the loan, then use your body as collateral.’”
The sound of my hand banging the table cut Vanir off.
I then offered my hand to Aqua who was surprised by my action.
“… Hey Kazuma, banging the table in a fit of rage hurts right? It hurts right?”
Everything lined up.
The rude butler who visited our house was probably sent by the landlord.
He knew about the ailing health of Darkness’ father, and came to pressure them for payment.
And in order to get the money, she mentioned something as stupid as subjugating the Hydra.
However, when she saw the adventurers who were worried and gathered for her, she thought that she shouldn’t give them anymore trouble and became less fixated on all sort of things–
I asked Vanir quietly.
“How much is Darkness’ debt?”
Vanir probably saw through this as well, and took out a bag he had prepared.
“Thy entire fortune together with the contents of this bag, will be enough to pay off the debt… Well then, let’s talk business!”
This thing was really a devil!
“You’re really…! You’re really beautiful, young lady…! After the ceremony, we must let old master who’s recuperating in bed to see your glamourous appearance!”
The new maid was full of praise after seeing me in my wedding gown.
When I heard that, I couldn’t help smiling wryly.
The new maid didn’t know about the reason behind the marriage.
If my father sees me like this after the wedding with the landlord, he’ll be devastated.
I was doing this just for my self-satisfaction.
… I could hear curses coming from the corridor.
“Why are you stopping me from seeing the bride? Hey, get out of my way! I can’t wait any longer! Lalatina will be mine in a few hours, it’s just a matter of time! Scram! … Lalatina! Lalatina!!”
… Fufu, it seems that man no longer wants to hide his true nature.
“No. This is the waiting room of house Dustiness. Since the ceremony has yet to begin, only those from house Dustiness can pass through this place. Please turn back.”
After hearing the voice of the agitated landlord, a servant of my house calmly replied.
“You fool! Listen well, I’ll be your master after the ceremony ends. You should think carefully if you should stop me!”
Even after hearing such an unreasonable request, the servant remained calm:
“You shall not pass. You’re not currently my boss..”
“… I’ll remember you. After the ceremony ends and I’ve my way with your precious young lady, you’ll get it from me.”
After saying that, the landlord left with heavy footsteps.
“… Please ask that person outside the door to come here, I want to thank him.”
The maid nodded to acknowledge my request and summoned that man in.
“Young lady, you’re really beautiful…!”
With a sigh, the man smiled with his wrinkled face.
He was one of the tenured guards working in my house.
He was really inflexible. When I wanted to leave the house to play, he wouldn’t let me go.
I’d be found out immediately even if I scaled the fence.
For a period of time, I was really obsessed with sneaking past the guard to get out of the house.
I’d throw a ball out of the fence from the garden, cajole him to get it back for me, and run out when that man went for the ball.
He’d catch up to me after I left and bring me back immediately. But I found that amusing, so I threw the ball out every day.
I amused myself by tricking the man to pick up the ball and sneaking out.
Thinking back, I understood that after my mother died, I lost my playmate and got this man to play with me instead.
“I’m sorry… It’s fine to let him in, all right? I don’t mind anymore. I’ll talk to him so he won’t punish you.”
“I plan to resign after the young lady marries, so don’t worry. After all, the only one I’ll serve is the Dustiness house. But if it’s a man the young lady acknowledges, I’ll be willing to serve him too.”
The man started getting embarrassed after saying that and I smiled wryly.
Speaking of the man that I acknowledge, the figure of the one who raided my room at night, scurried around and said a threatening line before falling out of the window painfully appeared in my mind.
I couldn’t help but smile when I recalled that incident.
“Young lady, the smile you show from time to time is beautiful. I feel blessed to see that expression at the very end.”
The man had a satisfied smile and turned around.
“… E-Erm, this might not be my business, but the young lady’s really beautiful and elegant after all… Please don’t go too far when you play by yourself…”
“?”
After awkwardly saying that, he left.
The two maids averted their eyes from me.
I really wanted to teach that man who mimicked my voice and created such a nonsensical rumor a lesson!
He was a rude man who was foul mouthed, ignorant of etiquette, knew a bunch of weird things, but didn’t understand things that were common sense.
Timid and reserved, but will act recklessly sometimes, an unfathomable man.
His job’s the weakest, and aside from his luck, his stats are below average. Using his myriad of skills and cunning as his weapon, he was a mysterious man who fought on par with the Demon King’s Generals, bounty targets and all sorts of monsters.
When I revealed that I was a member of nobility, he was more interested in my name than my heritage. A strange man.
Also…
I almost crossed the line with this weird guy, so I must be a weird woman too.
I thought back to my happy adventuring days.
Normally, a noble like me wouldn’t be able to live my life so freely, including the choosing of my marriage partner.
Despite that, I’d been able to spend my time together with close friends so far.
… It was enough. It’d be greedy to wish for more as a noble.
It’s time for me to pay the people in this town back .
I won’t let that landlord do as he pleases anymore.
I’ll find out his secret while that landlord obsesses over my body.
No matter how long it’ll take, I’ll be able to go on if I’ve the memories of our times together with me.
… But, this felt strange.
In the past, I thought marrying this landlord wouldn’t be so bad, but I couldn’t feel any charm from him now.
Was it because of that person?
Thinking back to my constant banter with him, the corners of my mouth rose in a smile.
“E-Erm… Young lady?”
Seeing me suddenly smile, the maid helping me with makeup was troubled and stopped.
“Oh, sorry, it’s nothing.”
I pressed the maid to continue with the makeup and thought of my comrades with contrasting personalities.
If they found out the reason I was in debt, what would they think?
Megumin will probably get angry.
Aqua would probably cry for some reason.
If it was that man, he’d probably scold me saying: ‘Why are you doing such a dumb thing?’ and see through the real reason why I was avoiding them and take swift action.
And then uncover the landlord’s secret, putting an end to all this.
Will this group of cheerful people still accept me as a companion?
“Young lady, how beautiful…! Please come before the mirror…!”
I followed the instruction of the maid and smiled wryly as I looked at myself in a wedding dress.
Regrettably, the one who’ll see me like this will be that landlord.
However, although normal people won’t be able to attend the ceremony, they’ll be able to see me after the ceremony was over.
Will he come?
… No, he definitely won’t.
He’s probably still fuming alone in the mansion.
I couldn’t help smiling awkwardly just thinking about his unhappy face.
“It’s time. Let us be off, young lady. The priest who’ll be gifting this wonderful day with her blessings is the best in this town. This will definitely be a joyous wedding…”
The butler Hagen who was the longest tenured servant in our house knelt on one knee and offered me his hand.
I was filled with gratitude for the people in this town who granted me with my freedom so far.
Ah, those happy times…
The year I spent with everyone was filled with joy every day.
I smiled…
And took Hagen’s hand–
This was the most holy place in Axel.
The church of Eris… The attendees were influential people in town or nobles who came from neighboring countries.
Everyone knew that the wedding was a sham.
The seated audience were chatting as they pleased, without any tension despite the ceremony which was going to begin momentarily.
The underlings of the landlord guarded the entrance of the church and a large crowd gathered in order to catch a glimpse of the bride.
Most of them were adventurers.
Darkness kept her noble peerage a secret when she became an adventurer.
News of her becoming the landlord’s bride was spread everywhere and they probably gathered here to see Darkness in a wedding gown instead of the suit of armour she usually wore.
What a bunch of curious people.
They probably became adventurers because of their strong sense of curiosity.
The rowdy church finally quieted down.
Waiting rooms for the bride and the groom were situated on either side of the church’s entrance.
Hagen accompanied the bride’s pure white figure from the bridal room.
As her father was feeling unwell, the butler took over his duties.
Darkness who was walking with her head lowered and covered by a veil was so stunningly beautiful that no one could take their eyes off her.
Shortly after, the landlord who was wearing a white tuxedo also came out from the groom’s room.
His large round body puffed his tuxedo up like a balloon. Like the other attendees, he couldn’t tear his eyes away from Darkness either.
With his mouth half opened and eyes on Darkness, he waddled forward… And only came to his senses when Darkness’s butler dryly cleared his throat.
The attendees didn’t even look at the unsightly figure of the landlord and only focused on Darkness.
A moment later, the church’s organ started playing solemn music. The landlord and Darkness walked on the same wedding aisle, but his eyes didn’t look forward, resting on the bride beside him instead.
Darkness who walked on the same aisle kept her head lowered.
Seeing Darkness like that, I felt extremely flustered.
She even said: ‘He’ll probably ravage me for days without anything to eat or drink, how exhilarating.’.
Where did your usual perverted expression go?
What happened to your face that’d redden when you took on monsters?
What about your words that could even turn off the Demon King’s Generals?
It was a wedding, but I couldn’t see any happiness on her face.
Darkness seemed so lonely with her head lowered.
It was finally time to take the wedding vows. Under the watchful eyes of the attendees, they came before the altar.
Before me.
That’s right, before me, who was standing beside the altar.
In this world, as long as you’ve a profession holy in nature, you can solemnize weddings even if you weren’t a pastor.
For example, the lone rare existence in the beginner town–an Archpriest will do.
For this event, the priest hired by the butler Hagen to gift her blessing for this wedding was the one with the highest ranked holy job– Aqua-sama.
And as her assistant, I stood beside her in plain sight.
Even after reaching the altar where he’ll take his vows, the landlord was still focusing on the bride, while Darkness kept her head down.
The solemn music stopped and a voice that wasn’t solemn at all sounded out:
“Do you, Darkness, take this old man who’s so fat that he’s sweating oil, to be your wedded husband, in defiance of my wish as a goddess? Do you promise to love this old man, comfort this old man, honor and keep this old man in sickness and in health, safekeeping your virginity from this old man as long as you both shall live? You can’t do it, right? Well then, I want to go home together with Darkness and eat the dishes made by Kazuma and drink all I want…”
An out of place speech was heard.
Everyone was surprised and their eyes fell onto Aqua.
The landlord turned his head to Aqua with a start.
“…? What? Y-You’re the woman who gave me a ton of trouble in my house! What are you doing? Why are you here?”
The curses of the landlord rang out. Darkness looked at Aqua and me in shock, her mouth gaping open and shut.
Using this chance, I tightly grabbed Darkness’s arm.
Dear father and mother.
The cute son you wanted to raise to be a righteous man.
Has thrown his peaceful life away and challenged the people with the most authority in this world by kidnapping a noble lady.
When Darkness snapped out of her shock, her face slowly turned green as her tears flowed freely.
“W-What have all of you done…? Aqua… K-Kazuma! K-Kazuma, let go of me! Just what are you two planning to do? This is no joking matter! Barging into the wedding ceremony between nobles will end in nothing short of execution! What foolish thing have you done? Why are you so foolish?!”
I cut off Darkness who was crying emotionally and telling me off:
“Shut up idiot! You’re the one who’s stubbornly doing stupid things, don’t just decide to cover my debts on your own! Do you think you’re my wife? If you like me, just tell me straight– I’ve already told you that!”
“When did you ever say that? What are you talking about, you buffoon?”
After listening to the inopportune bickering between Darkness and me, the stunned landlord finally came to his senses.
“T-Take this man! Arrest him and the phony priest! He… He’s just a commoner and he dares disrupt the wedding of nobles! Hurry, hurry up and seize him!”
The landlord yelled and tried to take Darkness back from me.
I blocked the landlord who pounced over and forcefully hid the crying Darkness behind my back.
The landlord’s face turned purple immediately…!
“Damn you! This has nothing to do with you, get lost! You might like Lalatina, but–! She owes me an enormous debt that you won’t be able to pay in your entire lifetime! If you like this woman so much, then prepare the money to buy that woman first, plebeian! That is if you can even do that!!”
When I heard the landlord’s provocative words, I picked up the bag beside the altar.
“I heard you loud and clear, so make good on your promise, old man! Take this, the debt Darkness owed you, two billion eris! Two thousand pieces of magic silver eris coins worth a million eris each! I wiped away the debt, so I’ll be taking the girl! Also, I don’t like her that way! S-She’s just an important comrade!”
I corrected the landlord’s words and dumped the contents of the bag onto the feet of the landlord!
As for why I dumped it onto the floor…
“Ahhh? What, two billion? Ah, wait, my Lalatina! Give Lalatina back… Ahhh, money! Pick them up! Hey, pick them up for me!”
The landlord started frantically picking up the money.
At this moment, the attendees around the area started picking up the coins.
There might be people who’ll pocket the money, but I didn’t care that much.
Using this chance, I pulled Darkness’s hand as she stood still amidst the chaos, and people who appeared to be the underlings of the landlord ran toward me.
Darkness then shook my hand off and protested.
“W-Why you!? Who asked for you to do that? You’re making a mockery of my resolve! And the money! Where did it come from?”
I answered Darkness who was still so stubborn during such a moment agitatedly:
“I sold them. I sold all the ideas I could think of. Together with my savings from doing quests, it comes to exactly two billion eris. I’ve no choice but to earn an honest living from now on… It can’t be helped, I sold them all. I can’t buy them back even if I want to. If you understand, then let’s go!”
Seeing me like this, Darkness had a complicated expression of worry, joy, crying and laughing, and said:
“To go so far, you… You’re really…! I-I…!!”
The underlings of the landlord ran up to us, I was at the limit of my patience, so I grabbed Darkness by the shoulders and shook her!
“Stop wasting time and get it together, you don’t have the right to reject this anymore! Stop arguing! I’ve already bought you from that old man landlord! You’re mine now! Listen well, I’ll be working you like a horse! Steel yourself to pay back my hard earned money with your body, you perverted Crusader!! Understand? Answer me if you get it!!”
“Y-Yes…”
Being shook around, lectured in public and being called a pervert made Darkness’s eyes water and her face ecstatic in a bad way. She answered in a weird voice.
As I held onto Darkness’s shoulders, her legs gave way and she collapsed onto the ground.
My words seemed to have scored a critical hit on this masochist.
Why’s this girl always getting in the way during critical moments?
I forcefully picked up Darkness in a princess carry and charged toward the entrance of the church.
The attendees were all powerful and influential nobles.
They were either bad at dealing with ruffians or didn’t want to be dragged into troublesome matters. Aside from those picking up the money beside the landlord, no one else tried to stop us and just watched idly.
“Hah… Hah… I-I’m sold… A noble like me, sold to this man! To think, that, that I’ve to pay back with my body…! Ahhh, what’s with this situation…? Abducted from the scene in a princess carry…! This is… This is…!”
Darkness who was in my arms blushed in a way I’ve never seen before and her breathing was so heavy that it seemed dangerous.
“Hey, hey you-your drool! You’re drooling! Are you really okay?”
Seeing me warn Darkness, Aqua who was following behind showed an enlightened expression.
“As expected of the mean spirited Kazuma-san! You’re just paying back the debt that was shouldered for you, but you twist it into you buying Darkness! Hey Kazuma, if Megumin hears what you said about getting Darkness to pay back with her body, you’ll eat an Explosion, you know? If your body’s gone, I can’t revive you. So watch yourself, okay?”
“No, that’s not it! Don’t make it sound so bad, I was just going with the flow! I’ll just make her pay me back as a Crusader and an adventurer!”
As I was agitatedly replying, the underlings of the landlord blocked our way as we ran along the red carpet.
I said to Darkness who had a dazed expression:
“Damn it! Hey Darkness, how long are you going to stay like this? It’s time for you to run by yourself! And you’ve a lot of heavy muscles!!”
“Why, why you! It’s a rare moment, so why did you say such things and spoil the mood?”
With tears coming out from the corners of her eyes, Darkness tore the lower half of her skirt off in a single daring move in order to facilitate easy movement and jumped out of my arms.
“We’ve already went this far, there’s no other way! I’m fine with it! Get out of my way, dogs of the landlord! I’ll kill anyone in my path!!”
She then took off and tossed her veil aside before charging the minions of the landlord with her long hair flowing behind her.
The minions grabbed onto Darkness who was uttering dangerous words in an attempt to restrain her, but Darkness didn’t even dodge and reached out her hand.
Several of them grabbed her shoulders and arms, but she ignored their resistance and dragged them with her as she tightened her grip on the faces of two minions.
Their head made creaking noises under the power of Darkness’s Iron claw, and they screamed.
“Hey, we came here to save you, so why the hell are you charging to the front? Aqua, please buff me! Buff!”
“Leave it to me! You want the super entertainer spell?”
“Of course! That’s super useful!”
Behind us were the landlord and some of the attendees who were doing their best to pick up the money.
After becoming a versatile talent with Aqua’s support spell, I ran behind Darkness and shouted with my mouth covered:
“Hey, don’t bother with them! Just let them go for now! All of you come help me pick up the money!!”
Mimicking the landlord’s voice, I ordered the minions that were wrestling with Darkness.
“Ah? Oh! Yes, Sir!!”
They thought that that was the instruction from the landlord and ran past us toward him.
“Morons! Why are you all here? Go and capture Lalatina!”
“?”
The minions who let us off chased us again in confusion.
In no time, the number of underlings before was more than a dozen.
Without any weapons, we might not be able to break through even if we had the buffs from Aqua.
Seemed like it was time to show the serious mode I used in the capital…!
As I was about to go all out after getting Darkness back.
“Light of Saber!”
A familiar voice erupted from the front door of the church, and a flash of light cut through the brick wall beside the door.
That was a spell that Crimson Demons are fond off. It cut through anything by concentrating mana onto their chopping hand.
A moment later, the wall of the church collapsed along with the door.
Two figures stood there with their backs to the glaring sun.
Many adventurers here to see the wedding surrounded them from a distance, watching with intrigue.
The underlings were on guard, fearfully putting some distance between them.
“Megumin, I did it! Because we are bosom friends! I-If it’s my bosom friend’s request, I’ve no problem with doing something that seems to be a crime! After all, I was told: ‘Please help me, my bosom friend!’, so I can’t refuse!”
“Yes, yes, yes, thank you for your hard work, Yunyun. As expected of my bosom friend. Well then, you can go back to the inn now.”
“Eh?”
Two girls with crimson eyes stood there.
Megumin took a step forward and the underlings of the landlord backed away with a cramped face.
Their eyes were on Megumin’s staff which was glowing at the tip.
… What the hell?
She seemed determined to finish her Explosion spell in the middle of town.
Megumin raised the staff that was filled with a fearsome amount of concentrated mana, a never seen before seriousness on her face. Her eyes glowed red as she flicked her cloak fiercely.
She then said with a calm and adamant voice:
“The evil mage is here. Following her instincts, the evil mage is here to kidnap the bride.”
With her back to the sun at the entrance of the dim church, Megumin was as cool as a hero, making me who came to get Darkness earlier seem much less prominent.
… I wanted to do that!
As for the attendees and the landlord’s underlings.
They fell into a state of panic and watched every move of this evil mage.
“Do you know what they call me? If so, then you must know what the magic at the tip of this staff is, right? Let me make this clear, controlling this spell requires a lot of concentration… If you sneak up on me and I lose control, it’ll go boom! Think about that if you want to rush me.”
Simply said, she meant that she’ll lose control easily, and they were free to go for it if they were fine with the consequences.
What a perfect threat of an evil mage.
The underlings surrounded Megumin from afar with a cramped expression.
The ones who wanted to grab Darkness ahead of us and the ones who were fooled by us and were chasing from behind were all reluctant to capture us after seeing this.
Yunyun, who was standing beside Megumin, surveyed the church.
“… Hmm? Megumin, Kazuma-san has already… Look…”
Megumin looked at me, Aqua and Darkness with her torn wedding dress as prompted by Yunyun. She understood what happened and smiled with narrow eyes.
She then pointed the staff at us to open a path for us to escape.
When she did that, the underlings before us scampered away into the audience seats.
Using this chance, the three of us ran to Megumin…!
“W-What? What are all of you afraid of? You bunch of imbeciles! She must be making an empty threat! That idiot definitely knows the consequences of releasing explosion magic here! She won’t cast her spell, so get them!”
The landlord who was still busy picking up the coins yelled.
But when she heard that.
“Ho! You think I’ll be scared? You dare say I’ll be too scared to cast Explosion, are you for real? Very well then! I accept this challenge!”
“Stop! We won’t approach! We won’t, so please stop!”
“We won’t attack, so don’t do it!”
“Alderp-sama! Please don’t provoke her!”
The landlord’s underlings all pulled away with a stiff face when they heard what Megumin said.
Megumin’s notoriety reached such an extent.
After all, Megumin won’t cast Explosion in the middle of town… She won’t… Right?
Thanks to Megumin intimidating the underlings, we managed to link up.
“I wanted to show off my cool side and you two stole the best part from me! But I’m grateful that you came. Thanks!”
Megumin smiled when I finished.
“Elegantly taking the best part is a Crimson Demon’s instinct. Really Kazuma, I knew you’ll do something even though you said you won’t… To think that you made your move before I did.”
Megumin said with a satisfied expression for some reason.
“Megumin! Even Yunyun went so far…! After we go back… I’ve something to say to all of you. After we go back…! I’ll say my thanks…!”
Darkness was either really emotional or had yet to cool down from the excitement earlier. She couldn’t even talk properly, and Megumin replied a little shyly.
“Don’t mention it, well… We’re comrades… H-How can I let such an excellent Crusader go?”
Megumin probably felt embarrassed about saying the word comrade and tried to cover it out by vaguely squeezing out the last few words.
When she saw Megumin acting like this.
“Comrades… How nice to have comrades, Megumin! Erm, as a bosom friend, will you also rescue me if I fall into the same situation?”
“No, Yunyun’s just a bosom friend and even proclaims to be my rival… You’re not a comrade, so no…”
“?”
Megumin emphasized the term bosom friend and mercilessly rejected Yunyun.
“Really, now’s not the time for a casual chat! Give us a plan!”
The underlings were gradually surrounding us as we stood at the entrance of the church.
Megumin was the most dangerous one right now and might go ballistic at any moment.
I don’t think they’d charge forth in such a situation… The landlord was probably feeling frustrated because his underlings didn’t charge at us and shouted:
“Hey, that group watching over there. Don’t look around, I’m talking you bunch of adventurers! Over there are a bunch of criminals! Get my bride back from them! I’ll give you a grand reward in return! Or I can hire you to be my guards! You’ll then be free from the tedious job of adventuring! Please! My Lalatina! Bring my Lalatina back!”
The onlookers looked at each other after listening to what the landlord said.
And then…
“…? Hey, didn’t you hear me? I’ll pay you! How much do you want?”
Not only did the adventurers not move, they even suddenly turned around and lazily stretched their backs, pretending they didn’t hear anything.
Seemed like they wanted to let us off.
You have my deepest gratitudes, not joining in was a big help!
“Hey Darkness. Just like the other time you challenged the Hydra alone, lots of people are helping you this round too. It’s time you reflect on your stubborn temper, you know?”
Darkness’s face blushed happily as she nodded with tears in her eyes.
Things were going smoothly so far…
I understood what those adventurers were thinking, so I didn’t say anything to spoil the mood for Darkness right now.
Everyone was smiling…
And when Darkness returns to the guild in the near future – ‘Young lady, Lalatina, aren’t you going to wear your beautiful wedding dress?’– She’d be teased like that.
All the adventurers in this town knew that Darkness was a noble lady now.
I didn’t think the crude adventurers in this town will become afraid of Darkness who they’d known for so long.
I might be dragged in too, so I won’t avoid Darkness who’d definitely be teased by them.
… Shortly after, while we were surrounded by the underlings, the people in the church started congregating toward us.
It was a stalemate.
The opponents weren’t stupid, they weren’t goons that’d stand around and wait to be defeated.
They heavily outnumbered us and wouldn’t let us escape easily.
If we used weapons in town, our criminal actions would be set in stone.
No, our crimes were already beyond debate.
“… Ugh! Kazuma, I’m at my limit in controlling my spell! Can I fire it off? We’re already criminals anyway! I can’t wait any longer, may I shoot it at those guys?”
Everyone was shocked when Megumin suddenly said this.
Including me.
“Ughh, I can’t do it anymore, it’s gonna blow! Run, get away from me!”
She lost control at this crucial moment?
If it was any other mage who said that, it’d probably be a bluff.
However, everyone here knew Megumin very well and scattered, their faces green.
I hid immediately too…!
“Explosion!”
Megumin cast the spell skywards.
With a terrifying boom, a streak of light arced through the sky, followed by a grand explosion.
The shockwave shattered all the glass within town and everyone threw themselves onto the ground, covering their heads with their hands.
“Quick, use this chance…”
Megumin, who depleted her mana, looked at me as Aqua supported her, but her voice suddenly faded away… In the end, she stared at me dumbstruck.
Under the bask of her cold eyes, I realized the situation I was in.
I was curled up in a ball behind Darkness…
“Hey Kazuma, to think that you can do something as shameless as hiding behind the person you’re rescuing.”
“… Yeah, Kazuma seemed really cool today, I was just wondering if there was something wrong with my eyes. I’m glad it was just my imagination.”
“K-Kazuma-san… You’re the worst…”
The last words by Yunyun dealt a fatal blow to me.
The onlookers who were lying prone on the ground were looking at me as if I was trash.
Leaving that aside, the opponents were terrified by Megumin’s Explosion, so this was our chance.
We were planning to break out of their encirclement, but…!
“The explosion magic can only be used once per day! Now’s our chance, get them!”
The terror caused by the impact of the explosion spell only lasted for an instant and the underlings of the landlord charged at us without hesitation.
Megumin who was on Aqua’s back shouted.
“Yunyun! I’ll leave this place to you, we’ll make a move first! No matter what happens to me, you mustn’t turn back! Fight on!”
Yunyun heard what she said…!
“Idiot! We’re already bosom friends! What are you talking about, how can I ditch Megumin and…? What did you just say? Didn’t something like this happen in the Crimson Demon Village too?”
Yunyun asked in return.
“Please stall for time, my bosom friend! I’ll introduce my friends to you next time!”
“I understand, leave this to me! We’re bosom friends after all, it can’t be helped!”
Seeing the cheerful Yunyun blocking their way, the underlings all showed a guarded expression.
A-Ah, if you don’t mind, I can be your friend any time…!
After we left Yunyun behind and ran off…
“She’s just a Crimson Demon girl! Get her before she completes her spell!”
When I heard the underlings say that, I felt a chill on my back.
It can’t be helped, I’ll stay behind and stall for time so Darkness can escape…!
Just when I was thinking about that and turned back.
“That huuuurts! Why’d you push me suddenly? Ahhh, my bones! My bones!! Dust, save me!”
A man fell onto the ground with a scream.
“Hey Keith, are you okay? How terrible… It’s a comminuted fracture!”
I heard a familiar voice and name.
“What? I just bumped into you, don’t try to pull a fast one! He was the one who dashed out all of a sudden and fell by himself! Hey, why are you grabbing my legs?! Didn’t you have a fracture? Unhand me!”
The underling retorted.
“Hey, hey! Are you trying to run after paralyzing him from the waist down? I don’t care if your boss’s the landlord or whatever, that’s too unreasonable!”
While we were running, I could hear the voices of the delinquents behind me.
The underling who was harassed by the mean spirited delinquents lazily said – “You just said it was a comminuted fracture, and now he’s paralyzed? What the hell, don’t bother me! Scram! I’ll let you have it if you get in my way…!”
The underling then shoved the delinquent aside.
“That hurts! I’m an upstanding citizen and he used violence on me! He hit me! All right, the brawl’s on! Let’s go! I was abused by a certain noble recently too! I already hate nobles; I’ll vent it out on you then!”
“Hey? Wait, don’t?”
“The fight’s on!”
“Fight, fight!”
“Hey, I’m joining in too!”
“That landlord pissed me off since a long time ago!”
“Wait! D-Didn’t you’ve a fracture? You said you’ve a fracture! Wahhh!”
I sneaked a peek behind me as I ran.
The on looking adventurers were ganging up on the underlings of the landlord and were beating them down.
I’ll treat them to a drink once things die down.
“Lalatina! Don’t go, Lalatina! Lalatina!”
The heartbroken cries for Darkness came from far behind us.
“– Y-Young lady? Your dress…! H-Hurry, come in!”
After escaping from the underlings, we ran to Darkness’s house.
A guard hurriedly opened the door for us.
Suddenly abandoning the wedding ceremony, Darkness, who was in a tattered wedding gown, ignored the shocked people in the mansion and walked straight in.
The three of us didn’t know where she was going and followed behind.
“Dear father, pardon my intrusion.”
Darkness went toward one of the rooms.
By ‘dear father’, she meant…
Oh, when I broke in earlier, I broke the windows in her father’s room when I escaped.
So her dad had to change rooms.
Darkness entered without waiting for an answer.
Was it fine for a noble lady to do that…?
No.
Her father was in no condition to answer the door.
He was frailer than that time I broke in, with dark circles under his eyes. He was breathing deeply in his sleep.
Her dad opened his eyes slightly.
Darkness and us walked up to her dad’s bedside.
Seeing Darkness, her father…
“… Oh, Lalatina… How beautiful… Just like your mother…”
He said with a kind but weak smile.
Darkness apologetically lowered her head before her father.
“… Erm, I’m very sorry, dear father… I decided on the wedding on my own… But I destroyed it in the worst possible way and ran away…”
When he heard that, her father excitedly closed his eyes.
“Is that so…? That’s good. Don’t worry about it, there’s nothing to apologize for.”
After saying that, the father turned toward me.
“Kazuma-kun, could you please come over here.”
I approached the bed.
“… I’ll go get some fresh air outside.”
Megumin who read the mood left for the corridor.
… While the one who couldn’t read the mood approached the bed of the father and gawked around.
There was a patient here, so I couldn’t lecture her and let her be.
“… You did great this time. Thank you, you have my deepest gratitude.”
Even if you thank me so suddenly…
“I merely cleared the debt I owed your daughter.”
When he heard me, this father laughed once more.
He then said something incredible before Darkness.
“Kazuma-kun, I’ll leave my daughter to you. Please.”
“Eh?”
Darkness was surprised by his sudden words.
“There’s no need. Is this a punishment game?”
“Eh?”
Darkness screamed even louder when she heard me.
She looked straight in my eyes and seemed to have something to say.
The father smiled cheerfully when he saw me like this.
… It couldn’t be helped.
It seemed like the treasured sword of the kingdom saw through my mind.
I get it, I’ll take care of her, I won’t let weird guys harass her.
The father probably saw through what I was thinking and sighed in relief.
“Lalatina. Are you living happily now? So happy that you don’t mind throwing everything else away?”
He said softly with his eyes closed.
Darkness answered immediately without hesitation.
“I am. I want to give up everything to protect my comrades.”
When her father heard this, he nodded with satisfaction and answered, ‘Is that so’ softly.
“Lalatina. Choose the path you wish to take. Leave everything else to me. Even with my body like this, I can still do something at the very end.”
When she saw her father acting like this, Darkness went near him and held his hands.
“My beloved father, thank you for raising me…! When your health gets better, please chat with me and tell me about my late mother until I fall asleep…”
“I love you, my cute daughter. Yes, next time, I’ll tell you about how I met your mother…”
Darkness’s eyes were moist.
Her father muttered ‘next time’ again with a happy smile and held onto Darkness’s hand…
He was suddenly covered by a magical light.
“Sacred Break Spell!”
That girl who couldn’t read the mood cast a spell.
“Ahhh?”
“D-Dear father?”
The sudden light made Darkness and her father scream.
When the light dissipated, her father’s eye circles were gone. He was still thin, but color returned to his skin.
… Eh?
With everyone watching her, Aqua cockily said:
“It’s a curse! This must be a curse from a powerful devil, but I undid it easily!”
The father regained his vigor thanks to this goddess who couldn’t read the mood. He and Darkness looked at each other while holding hands.
“……” x2
Darkness slowly released his hands as her face turned beet red. She whistled and looked out the window while her father pulled his blanket up to cover his awkward expression.
I could catch a glimpse of his face–which was as red as Darkness’s.
… They were father and daughter after all.
“But it’s fine now! That’s great, Darkness! You can chat with your father about your late mother as many times as you want!”
Aqua’s cheerful voice bore no malice.
Darkness covered her face and squatted down.
I guess all’s well that ends well…
Translator: Skythewood
Editor: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
“Ahhh… Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!!”
In the hidden cellar beneath my bedroom.
I vented all my rage on the sloppily dressed devil.
I kicked the broken devil Max that couldn’t even fulfill a single wish again and again.
“Yee– Yee– Yee–”
The devil made strange noises when he was kicked and squatted with his head in his arms.
How long has it been since I summoned this low-ranking devil with the divine relic?
Normally, I’ll find it easier to get along after spending so much time together with someone. However, I still can’t get used to him.
“It’s all because of you! If you were a more reliable devil, my Lalatina wouldn’t have been snatched away right there! Is your power to manipulate events so limited? Trash! Trash! You trash!”
“Yee– Yee– Yee– My devil powers will be weakened in a church. More importantly, someone seems to have broken the curse, Alderp.”
Max maintained his position of squatting and hugging his head as he nonchalantly said something unexpected.
“The curse is broken? You piece of- Can’t you even curse a mere human to death?!”
I roared as I kicked Max once more.
This fellow with a terrible memory even forgot that he didn’t receive any price in return. I only used him for so long because I didn’t need to offer him anything… Was it time to throw him away?
However, I still need his powers to wipe the slate clean.
After all, what I said to Lalatina before the influential nobles and people in town was inappropriate.
In the heat of the moment, I used foul language on Lalatina whose peerage was far higher than mine.
But that’s fine too, I can openly execute that damn brat who barged into the ceremony now.
Lalatina might offer herself in order to save him.
“Max! Change the memories of everyone who attended the ceremony, as well as those who heard what I said to my advantage, and settle everything by tomorrow morning! Understand?”
I thought about what to do tomorrow as I said this and left the dim cellar…
“Yee– Yee– … Can’t do it, Alderp. I’m not that powerful.”
His words made me stop.
… Can’t do it?
This broken devil had never gone against my words.
No matter what I wanted or how I wished to twist the facts, he’d never say that it was impossible.
This was the first time he said that.
“… Can’t do it? I’m aware of the fact that you’re a low ranked devil. After all, you were randomly summoned by that divine relic … However, you don’t have the right to reject me. Do it! I don’t know what you can or cannot do, just get it done! Are there too many people? Isn’t memory manipulation your strongest suit? Do it now!”
Despite that…
“Can’t do it. There’s a light… Yee– The strong light that dismissed the spell is in my way, I really can’t do it.”
When I heard the devil’s negative response, my wrath got to my head.
“Enough, useless devil! I’ll undo the contract with you and summon a more powerful devil! This is my last order! Bring Lalatina to me…! Use your power to manipulate events and bring Lalatina over right now! I’ll then pay all of the outstanding price!”
Max reacted to this.
“Price? You want to pay the price?”
“It’s true. I’m serious. You’re too stupid, that’s why you forgot that I’ve paid the price multiple times already. I’ll properly  pay it this time. Go, bring Lalatina to me.”
I faked a friendly tone and said to the devil without the ability to retain memories. I’ve already conned him plenty of times.
… At this moment.
“Is the lord of the territory here? It’s me. I’m here to apologize for what happened today, may you grant me an audience…?”
Someone knocked on the door to the cellar. No one should know about the existence of this room.
Why at this hour, why does she know about this cellar? All this didn’t matter!
I’d never mistake this voice…!
“Lalatina! Is that Lalatina? All right, great job Max! Splendid! You did amazingly! I don’t know how you did it, but I’ll fulfill my promise and pay the price! The contract’s undone! You’re free! Oh Lalatina, I’m opening the door now!”
“I didn’t do anything. Yee–! Yee–! You want to pay the price? Undo the contract?”
I ignored Max who was mumbling about something and opened the cellar door.
The one who was looking down at me was without a doubt Lalatina.
And she was wearing a seductive negligee and had a warm smile she normally wouldn’t show. She slowly descended down the cellar’s stairs.
Her attire and smile conjured the darkest desires within me.
Lalatina said sweet and softly with an apologetic face:
“I’m very sorry my lord… I’ll apologize for what happened earlier in the day… Please allow me to offer my body in exchange for the lives of my comrades…!”
I understood everything when I heard that.
Just as I expected, this woman was here to plead for mercy for her companions!
I couldn’t hold it in anymore!
The woman I’d been pinning for all these years was dressed like that before me.
I couldn’t wait for Lalatina to walk all the way down and was about to pounce on her…
Lalatina’s mouth opened in laughter as her figure distorted like a mirage.
Standing there was…
“Hahaha! You think it’s Lalatina? Too bad, it’s moi! Oh, what intense dark emotions! How delicious, delicious! Hahaha!”
A masked man was standing there dressed in a tuxedo similar to Max.
“? W-Who are you? Who the hell are you? This chilly feeling… It’s just like Max! Devil! You must be a devil!”
I pointed at the man before me who was probably a devil and he sneered.
“Max! Kill this despicable devil right now!”
I screamed as I pointed at the masked devil.
To take the form of Lalatina that I dreamed so much about and feast on my feeling of disappointment and loss, how evil!
Ah, this disappointment as if I’d fallen into a chasm!
I’ll never, never forgive him!
“…? Why must I kill my kin? Yee…? Hmm? Have I met you before?”
Max ignored my order and asked.
How many times has he defied me today?
What was with this devil? Is he broken?
While I was thinking about that, the masked devil before me displayed perfect etiquette that’d make a noble like me jealous and bowed towards Max.
“This is the hundredth or thousandth time moi have introduced myself to thee. It’s the same this time– How do you do, Maxwell. Maxwell, manipulator of facts. Maxwell, twister of truth. Moi art the devil that can see through everything, Vanir. Devil that twists the truth, Maxwell, moi have come to receive thee!”
The broken devil wasn’t called Max, but Maxwell?
No, he said to receive him…?
“Vanir! Vanir! Why, why’s your name so nostalgic? Have we met before?”
“Hahaha, thou always say that every time we meet! Thou art Maxwell! Thou came from another world without your memories, thou art moi kin! Let’s be off to the place thou ought to be, back to hell!
“W-Wait, hold up! He’s my servant! Don’t decide on your own and take him away!”
I blurted out on reflex, but the devil named Vanir merely laughed.
“Servant? Thou art think Maxwell who art one of the dukes of hell like moi a servant to someone like you? Arrogant shorty who’s only strong point’s your luck. Luck’s really the only thing thou have going for thee. It just so happens the first devil you summoned is Maxwell, how fortunate.
If thou summoned any other devil, the moment the summoning succeeds, thou would be torn to shreds if thee didn’t pay the price! However, your luck’s really good! The ignorant Maxwell! Powerful, but as simple as a child! It’s thanks to him that thou reached your current position, so thou should repay him properly!”
I didn’t know what he was talking about.
That Max I’ve been raising was a duke of hell?
No, I climbed to my current status by my own power.
That broken devil only contributed insignificantly.
I was confused by what Vanir pointed out and the masked devil added on with a sneer.
“Also, before moi appeared, you said this to Maxwell… ‘I’ll fulfill my promise and pay the price! The contract’s undone! You’re free!’”
I realized I messed up.
I thought Max used his powers to bring Lalatina to this place.
In a moment of excitement, I said all that.
… So this was the devil that claimed he could see through everything.
He knew this would happen and chose this moment to come here.
And he seemed to have seen through what I was thinking at the very moment.
“Yes, the contract between thou and Maxwell’s the problem. Ah, thou really made moi go round in circles.”
… Round in circles?
“S-S-So you… You, could it be?”
“Yes, just as you imagined! Moi created the opportunity for that brat to pay off the debt and told him about thee! Hahaha! This, this is great! What magnificent negative emotions! Delicious, delicious indeed!”
I clenched my trembling fists.
“You dare! You dare do such a thing…? If you just wanted this broken devil, you should’ve just told me up front! If you would’ve revealed your identity, I would’ve given him to you from the very start! You don’t need to involve the entire city and make me lose face before everyone…!”
That’s right, if I knew there was a devil that could see through so much, I won’t do something so daring…!
The devil faced me.
And said nonchalantly something ridiculous.
“How interesting! Hahaha, what a good show, a good show indeed! Even that goddess’s dancing on the palm of moi hand this time! When that delinquent devil participated in the ceremony, she’d to ask for moi assistance to incubate the egg. She let me taste the negative emotions of absolute shame! Tormented by thy lust, thy love finally blossomed! But the moment thou achieved thy goal, the bride was snatched away! Thy negative emotions in that moment! It was so delicious that moi would have no regrets if moi was to be vanquished at that moment!”
What’s he saying, what’s this devil saying?
“Well then, Sir Landlord. Moi have no further business with thee. Moi will take Maxwell back to hell and moi will continue to work harder under that crazy shop owner.”
It seems that this devil was planning to leave with Max.
It can’t be helped. I didn’t know Max was such a powerful devil, but there’ll be a way even if he leaves.
However, what should I do for tomorrow?
I won’t be able to wipe away the evidence of my wrongdoing from now on.
As I was troubled over this.
“Yee! Yee! Vanir! Vanir! Before I go back, I’ve to let Alderp pay the price! He said he wants to pay the price!”
The excited Max made a whistling sound like a flute and said happily.
Shit, I think I did say that.
“I get it, I get it. The price, huh? I’ll pay, so hurry up…”
And go back. Before I could finish.
A dull crack reverberated in the dim cellar.
I realized it was the sound of my arms snapping…
“… Huh, ah, ahhh?”
Was after I saw Max holding my broken arms.
“Yee? Yee–! It hurts, it hurts!?”
I screamed as my broken arms remained tightly in his grip.
“Alderp! Alderp!! Your screams are great, Alderp! Yee–! Yee–!
The broken devil was still saying nonsense.
“What are you doing? Release me, Max! Stop! It hurts, stop!”
When he heard my cries, the devil that I’d been with so long showed an expression for the first time.
The face that was as expressionless as its mask twisted, turning into a genuine, unblemished smile.
Vanir then said:
“Hahaha! Maxwell, thou can continue with this in hell. This man owes thee a huge price. Just bring this man back to hell and let him pay back slowly.”
Even though my senses turned vague because of the pain, I heard something that couldn’t be taken lightly.
“The price thou need to pay for the service of Maxwell will be in accordance with the time stipulated in the contract, during which thou shall continuously release the negative emotions Maxwell likes… Yes, thou worked Maxwell really hard and led a really depraved life… Thou probably can’t clear the debt before the end of your lifespan.”
The masked devil’s words sent a chill down my back.
Even the pain in my arm was thrown to the back of my mind as I tried my best to bargain with the devil.
“I, I got it! It was wrong of me to work you so hard! How about this, first, my massive–”
“Thy wealth, huh? When Maxwell returns to hell, all thy wrongdoings will be exposed and all thy assets will be confiscated and managed by house Dustiness… After that, it’d be returned to that guy who’s regretting in his home, complaining that, ‘I shouldn’t have cockily thrown all my money away, I should mercilessly make that woman pay me back with her body.’, as well as the town and kingdom. Vanir, the devil that can see through everything, declares that thou art penniless.”
When I heard that, my teeth chattered and I almost fainted.
All the money I accumulated…!
“In….”
“In that case, ‘Pick as many people as you like in this mansion in place of me.’, right? Unfortunately, the obligation of payment must be done by the contractee! … Oh, such negative emotion is hard to come by, but despair isn’t to moi taste. That’s what Maxwell prefers though.”
After hearing that, I finally stopped the quivering of my body.
“M-M-Max… Max…! I-I did many cruel things to you… Cruel things. But, please, can you save me? Spare me Max, I don’t really hate you…! It’s true! Please, Max!”
Vanir merely snickered as he listened to me and didn’t correct my lies for some reason.
Max released his hold onto my arms.
I collapsed onto the ground.
With a glimmer of hope because of his action, I uneasily looked up at Max.
He was smiling happily.
An innocent and pure smile.
This devil that’d always been expressionless showed a smile as pure as a child.
“Alderp! Alderp! Me too! I like you too, Alderp!”
Vanir continued to snicker as he watched me and I didn’t know what was wrong.
The broken devil I’ve known for such a long time continued excitedly shouting with a flushed face.
“Alderp! Alderp! I like you, Alderp! Stay by my side in hell, Alderp! I want to enjoy your despair forever, Alderp!”
Oh, I see now.
So the reason why I couldn’t bring myself to like this devil was this.
I was terrified from the bottom of my heart, terrified of the hidden nature of this devil.
With the smiling devil before me, I couldn’t stand the fear anymore.
– Oh, my god.
“Oh, the feelings are mutual, Alderp. Maxwell’s the type who likes to go above and beyond, he’ll definitely toy with you all day and night! Hahaha! Hahaha!”
God, please let this broken devil lose his interest in me and grant me a quick death… With the laughter of the devil in my ears, I prayed to God for the first time in my life.
“I’ll cherish you, Alderp! Unlike the girls you abandoned after abducting them, I’ll take care not to break you! Yee–Yee–Yee–Yee–!!”
The next morning after we snatched Darkness away.
“The landlord’s missing?”
When Darkness who came over to my mansion to report this, I thought I misheard that.
Why’d that old man who kept crying Lalatina, Lalatina, disappear?
“Yes, the servants couldn’t find him anywhere.”
I was baffled by what Darkness said.
I thought the landlord would lay siege to our mansion with his private army first thing in the morning, and made preparations.
“For some reason, plenty of evidence indicating the landlord’s wrongdoings turned up. The one who gave Princess Iris the body swapping divine relic was him too. Some say the landlord couldn’t hide his evil deeds anymore and fled in the night.”
– I see.
“… And so, there’s no need to flee anymore. Put down your bags.”
I heeded the judgement of Darkness and took my backpack off.
Megumin and Aqua behind me put their luggage down too.
I was planning to find a faraway land to spend time as a farmer before everything settled.
“Forget it, this is great too… What’s the matter, Darkness? Come in.”
I rushed Darkness who was standing at the entrance and refusing to move… But she remained stubborn with an expressionless face.
“What is it, Darkness? Something happen?”
Megumin asked and Aqua shouted, ‘Ah!’.
“That’s right, Megumin wasn’t in the church from the start, so you don’t know! Listen! Darkness was bought by Kazuma! Kazuma shouldered Darkness’s debt and even said, ‘You’re mine now! Pay back my hard earned money with your body.’…! Darkness’s scared of what Kazuma might do and doesn’t dare to come in, right?”
“… Hah?”
“Hey, let’s talk a little. A lot of the details are wrong. No, your content’s correct, but the fine details are off. And the way you put it’s terrible!”
With a red glow in her eyes, Megumin looked at me as if I were trash. Darkness shook her head.
“… No, that’s not the issue. Kazuma did ask me to pay back with my body and called me a perverted Crusader though…”
Ah, Megumin has started chanting her spell.
Darkness suddenly lowered her head in a bow.
“Sorry. I troubled everyone because of my willfulness… Even I feel that I did something stupid. I hope everyone can forgive me…”
Aqua and Megumin rushed to Darkness’s side when they saw her like this.
“Let bygones be bygones, you’re back safely after all. I don’t mind. Kazuma might’ve lost plenty of things, but this man has the habit of not wanting to work if he has money. This is just fine.”
“That’s right, or rather… If this didn’t happen, I wouldn’t have been able to visit Darkness’s house. If I didn’t, I wouldn’t have noticed that your father had been cursed! … That’s right, we need to find the criminal who cursed him! I suspect it was done by that masked devil. My divine eyes can’t be mistaken! Let’s teach him a lesson!”
Darkness stared right at me as the other two consoled her.
“I really owe Kazuma a huge favour this time. You abandoned everything and turned it into cash… It won’t be immediate, but the money Kazuma paid on my behalf will be returned by the kingdom in the future. When my father recovers, we’ll calculate the amount from the impounded property of the landlord. However, …”
Darkness’s face turned gloomy.
“… However, the intellectual property you sold won’t come back. You mentioned that you were planning to live peacefully as a businessman, but now…”
It’s about that, huh?
“Forget about that. I learned cooking too, so setting up a small shop and making dishes from my country will earn me some pocket change… Huh, wait, the money will be returned to me?”
It suddenly sunk in and I asked with a serious face.
“Yes, it will be returned. The entire two billion used. The compensation for the landlord’s mansion and the cost of the damaged buildings will be reimbursed to you. After all, these are all costs that arose in the process of protecting this town. It should’ve been borne by the landlord managing this land in the first place… But now that I think of it, why’d I accept the proposal of the landlord to pay up…? As if I was hit by hypnosis. Also, why are evidences of his wrongdoings popping up all over the place…?”
Darkness pointed out the illogical parts in confusion, but that wasn’t important.
It’s not important at all!
“Two… You say two billion…?”
So I don’t need to work anymore for my entire life…!
… Hmm, wait. There are twenty-four hours in a day, and that one service charges five thousand eris for three hours.
With two billion, I could spend my entire life in a blissful dream…?
When I was thinking about that, Megumin and Aqua closed in on me.
“Kazuma today feels really… Something– Really handsome! Hey Kazuma-san, I want an extravagant pet house for Emperor Zell!”
“That’s right, he’s really handsome. I always thought Kazuma’s a handsome guy. By the way, I want a magic item that enhances magical powers.”
“Ah, you are bunch of sluts who smelled gold! … Darkness, what is it?”
Darkness remained unmoved at the entrance as she watched our interaction.
“Really, just let it go. You worked hard to cover for us all this while, right? Although going that far by yourself yesterday was really maddening, I’m a little glad too, So let’s call it even. And the entire sum will be returned as well, so isn’t that good enough? Let’s write off what happened yesterday.”
To be honest, the money I’ll be getting back was so huge that I didn’t really care about these trivial matters.
And I’ve been holed up in the house recently, so I wanted to book that service immediately, then find the most expensive hotel room in town and stay there for a week.
But Darkness became gloomy when she heard the term ‘write off’.
“Which means… What you said about buying me’s void too?”
Megumin and Aqua closed in on me and stared at my face.
… S-Spare me.
“Of course it’s void! That’s it, forget about everything that happened yesterday!”
Darkness became more depressed when she heard that.
… Hmm?
Could this be the roundabout way of Darkness’s love confession, hinting at me that she wants to be my ‘property’?
Ignoring my expectations, Darkness lowered her head as if she was about to cry.
“… And, about that letter… The letter about leaving the party…”
… Oh, I see, Darkness was planning to leave the team.
Since yesterday’s incident is void, the thing about her using her body to repay me will be void…
… What, my expectation was wasted. Really, such things…
“What are you talking about, Darkness’s our important Crusader. We’ll never let her go, right?”
“Right, forget about that now. Darkness likes pretending to be retarded sometimes. Isn’t the only place you can be right here with us?”
… Damn it, they said it first.
But Darkness was poking her index fingers at each other in front of her chest, looking up at me with an uneasy gaze.
She wouldn’t relax unless I said it myself.
Before I could speak, Darkness already started.
“E-Erm! My only strong point’s defense, I’m a Crusader who can’t even hit the enemy with my attacks… However, … However, may I… May I join your party again…?”
I smiled wryly at Darkness who wasn’t used to using formal speech.
“Of course… Welcome back.”
She answered–
“… I-I’m back!!”
With tears in her eyes, Darkness showed a relieved smile–
“… Hey Kazuma, you still think it’s a pity, right? Letting Darkness pay you back with her body has some elements of lewdness, right?”
Aqua, who was the best at not reading the mood, raised this point with a giggle.
What the hell was this girl saying?
“Speaking of which, you announced to everyone that Darkness’s yours, right? What’s that? A confession of love? Like the time Yunyun said she wanted a baby and when you got tamed by Iris so easily in the capital, and now this. Why are you so easily won over? And you tried to make a move on me when we were sleeping together in the Crimson Demon Village too. You’re too frivolous. Be more serious about life.”
Megumin was displeased as she complained.
… What was she talking about?
Was this jealousy or what? You should make it clear.
Act like the girls in a harem anime, make it easier to understand.
… Darkness’s expression was also turning strange.
She still looked uneasy, but her eyes shifted between me and Megumin who were acting as if we were having a lover’s spat.
“… B-By the way, when Kazuma broke into my house last time, I almost crossed the line with him…”
“Eh?”
Darkness revealed something unnecessary with an embarrassed face, making Aqua and Megumin yelp.
“H-Hey, don’t…. Don’t say it… That was just a failed attempt…”
Seeing my weak rebuke, Megumin and Aqua yelled again.
“Failed attempt?” x2
I walked right into that.
“Hey Kazuma, are you retarded? Megumin and I were working hard to bring Darkness back! What were you thinking?”
“Kazuma. You didn’t go to bring Darkness back, but went there for a night raid? Your stock value as a man has fallen into the abyss! Just what the hell were you doing?”
What was with that? Leaving the teasing of Megumin in the Crimson Demon village aside, I didn’t do anything wrong this time.
Darkness became fidgety with an embarrassed face.
“Although I said night raid… He only barged into my room late in the night, covered my mouth before I could scream and pushed me down onto the bed. Then pressed me down so I couldn’t resist with my other hand… During the intense struggle, my clothes tore open and my stomach was toyed with.”
“Eh?” x2
“Hey, wait! No, that did happen! But…!!”
“?” x2
When she heard my protest, Megumin pulled away from me in a flash.
“I already know that Kazuma sees Darkness with lusty eyes, but to think you’re actually a man who’s fine with any woman… I thought Kazuma was a weakling but had an honest side. I thought you were somewhat serious that time, but you just wanted to get laid, huh? You can frolic with anyone in bed as long as it’s a woman, right? You trash!!”
I wish she could let me say my piece too. If this goes on, I’ll become the biggest trash of them all.
Before I could explain to Megumin, Aqua followed up with another attack…!
“That’s right, when I was sleeping beside Kazuma in the stables in the past, this beast kept ogling my body!”
“That’s definitely impossible.”
“Why?”
Pushing Aqua who was on the verge of tears and attempting to strangle me with one hand. Darkness was embarrassed, but was still snickering happily.
This woman, she just wanted to get back at me because of the failed night raid and me using her voice to spread all kinds of rumours.
As Darkness crossed her arms and snickered at me, watching me struggle helplessly–
“… You were the one who enticed me, asking if I wanted to become adults together…”
I chastised her softly.
“!!” x2
“T-T-That’s wrong? I was thinking that since I was marrying the landlord, I might as well…!”
“You admitted! Darkness admitted that she started it! What a twist! …Well, I can read the mood too, so I’ll bring Emperor Zell’s egg to suntan in the park!”
“Darkness, you shameless slut! You were acting all prim and proper like the female lead in a tragedy, but you were actually just flirting around! I was wrong to worry about you!”
“Wait…? W-Wait a moment, stop!!”
Megumin poked Darkness’s cheek with the tip of her staff and Darkness glared at me with resentment.
It seemed like she still wanted to go at it.
I held back Aqua who was trying to leave with an egg in her arms and brought up something I didn’t want to point out before Darkness cooled down.
“… Hey Aqua, a question. How does a family registrar for marriage work in this country?”
I suddenly raised a different topic.
“Why are you asking that? First, on the morning of the ceremony, the couple will submit the family registering documents to the relevant authorities. In the afternoon, they’ll then hold the ce-re-mony…”
Aqua seemed to have realized what I was trying to say.
Megumin, whose expression turned stiff, noticed too.
“…? What’s the problem?”
Only the unworldly noble lady couldn’t keep up.
Megumin was probably trying to console her.
“I-It’s common to see people who’ve divorced once nowadays, yup!”
Darkness finally noticed and raised her head in shock.
An aristocratic lady, a masochist, a virgin and a divorcee. Just how many traits does this girl want?
“Erm… How should this be interpreted? Darkness was abducted in the middle of the wedding. The next day, the groom had already run away. Theoretically speaking, Darkness was abandoned by that old man.”
Aqua’s words that bore no ill will made Darkness tremble violently for a moment.
She then looked at me uneasily…
“Well… Family registry’s just a trivial matter anyway. Don’t worry about it… Deserted-Wife-Ness.”
Darkness turned and ran away bawling.
“– That’s what happened. Darkness then shut herself in her father’s home and refused to come out. I need to plan a one-man infiltration again.”
This was an elegant cafe in the downtown area of Axel.
It was a secluded shop, and apart from us, there weren’t any other customers.
“You’re mean as usual. Don’t bully Darkness too much, okay? She might look strong, but is actually very delicate, you know?”
“I know, I know. Speaking of which, what’ve you been doing, Chris? You sure took a long time to return from the capital.
I was recounting the commotion that transpired to Chris who had returned from the capital.
Chris scratched the scar on her cheek troublingly.
“Ara– I was busy with some other things. I was in the vicinity of Axel recently, but was called to go to some other place. I finally came back after settling my backlogs.”
She then lay on the table and stretched her back lazily.
“Called? By who? The thieves’ guild or something?”
“Eh, well, there are all sorts of things to settle after people die, right?”
“… You’re part timing in a funeral house?”
Chris didn’t answer and simply sighed deeply.
“To think that the divine relic was in the landlord’s mansion… When I infiltrated the landlord’s villa the other time, I was confused by the divine relic Aqua-san was holding–”
A while ago, I searched for two divine relics in the capital together with Chris.
The last one was found in the basement of the landlord’s mansion.
Chris retrieved it the moment she returned to town.
The effect of the relic was to summon a random monster and control it.
What was the landlord planning to do with it?
After listening to my explanation, Chris drank the coffee that had cooled in one go.
“Anyway, it ended well this time. Thank you for saving Darkness, Assistant-kun.”
“It was my pleasure, Big Boss.”
We smiled at each other.
“Sigh… I still need to retrieve the other divine relics… Hey Assistant-kun, you…”
“Just to be clear, I’m a busy man.”
After my preemptive rejection, Chris puffed her cheeks and glared at me.
“The remuneration…”
“I don’t need money.”
Chris scratched the scar on her cheek, a little troubled.
“It can’t be helped then. I’ll look you up for help when the time comes, okay?”
She then stood up with a gentle smile… Hmm?
Her smile just now and the way she scratched her cheek felt a little off.
Or rather, I saw that somewhere recently…
I’ve been bothered by this for a while now.
Chris will call Darkness and Megumin by name, but will add a ‘-san’ when addressing Aqua.
More importantly, her name resembles that other person.
So does her hair and the color of her eyes.
On the other hand, that person addresses Aqua as sempai and adds a ‘-san’ to Megumin.
But she addressed Darkness directly by name.
Maybe to her, Darkness was a close friend.
– Driven by the urge of doing mischief.
I stood up and said to Chris who was waving goodbye to me:
“By the way, Eris-sama. Where’d you take the divine relic you retrieved from the landlord?”
“Oh, that one? I cast a seal onto it and dumped it into the lake where the Hydra’s resting eternally…”
Chris…
– No, the goddess Eris.
With her usual gentle smile on her face, she suddenly stiffened up.
It was unbelievable that I, who never participated in any cultural festivals, would be helping out in preparing for a festival in a parallel world.
Even the Axis cultists, whose very existence was feared, were behaving themselves.
They were staking a lot on the upcoming festival.
Seeing this scene, I couldn’t help but sigh.
A parallel world festival with bonfires everywhere seemed like a dream.
It was normal in Japan. But in this parallel world, the dream-like festival seemed out of place.
It was the nostalgic roadside stalls of Japan.
The inhabitants of this parallel world were managing different types of stalls by themselves. It was evident that everyone was truly enjoying the festival.
Even though this festival lasted only a few days every year.
There were beast-men, elves, and dwarves here.
There were even undead, demons, and goddesses.
“Kazuma, Kazuma. I think it’s great to host this festival.”
Aqua, who was happily watching the festival, turned to me suddenly.
“Thanks for helping the Axis Cult.”
With the dream-like festival in the background, she innocently smiled and genuinely thanked me like she’d never done before.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
I was responsible for creating this situation, but what should I do?
This was a small, new café outside Axel City.
And now.
Before me, with a smile frozen on her face, was Chris… No.
“What are you doing here, Eris-sama?”
The goddess Eris was before me, her identity exposed.
– The second day after I gallantly saved Darkness from being forcefully married out of a sense of responsibility, Alderp, the lord of Axel, suddenly vanished.
At the same time, many hidden evidences of corruption were discovered. Alderp’s evil deeds were exposed.
In the end, Alderp’s assets were confiscated and transferred to the next governing lord of this city.
The next lord of Axel was Darkness’s father.
At the same time, the debt that I paid on behalf of Darkness and the other funds… For example, the repair fees for the city district that was damaged during the defense against Beldia and the repair fees for the lord’s mansion that was destroyed during the threat of the Mobile Fortress Destroyer. All this money was returned as a special exception.
Alderp’s son, Walther, who once had a marriage interview with Darkness, was spared since he was unrelated to his father’s crimes. He’d be helping Darkness’s father from now on.
Currently, Darkness was taking on the temporary role of lord on behalf of her father, who hadn’t yet recovered. But perhaps because she was dissatisfied with the new nickname I gave her, that willful lady shut herself in the house and refused to come out.
I was here to report the situation to Chris, who’d just returned to Axel City, but…
“– I’m not Eris-sama. I’m Chris-sama, okay?”
I thought that Chris and Eris might be the same person, so I casually put it to the test. Chris continued to have that frozen smile on her face as she said such ridiculous things.
I said to Chris–no, Eris in her current state.
“No, no, no. This has been on my mind for some time. Eris-sama, in your current state, you’d only use honorifics when addressing your senior Aqua, right? You always call Darkness and Megumin directly by name.”
“… Because I’m a faithful and chivalrous thief who donates stolen money to the church. I can’t call the archpriest Aqua-sama by name.”
Eris’s eyes wandered. She scratched the scar on her cheek as she explained it away with a lame excuse.
“When Eris-sama was troubled, she’d habitually scratch her cheek too.”
Hearing this, her finger that was scratching the scar stopped.
“Let me ask again– What are you doing here?”
I asked Eris again as she fell silent.
“… Ha, well done, Kazuma-kun. No, I should say… Well done, Assistant-kun.”
After standing up suddenly, Eris was like a criminal who was exposed by a detective. She gave up and started a monologue.
“You’re right. It’s as you thought. Sometimes adventurer, sometimes chivalrous thief, and sometimes Darkness’s friend… But my real identity is…!”
“You’re unexpectedly enthusiastic, Eris-sama.”
“… Kazuma-kun, you’re unexpectedly calm… Since my cover was exposed, it can’t be helped. I’ll explain everything here–”
Eris said and sat back down. She changed her usual manner and spoke with a serious expression.
Her expression made it difficult to think of the Big Boss I was so familiar with. The current her was Eris, the most respected goddess in this world.
Facing her like this, I…
“But I really didn’t think that Big Boss would actually be Eris-sama. After all, your personalities and mannerisms are completely different. Oh, let me apologize. I’m really sorry that I stole Eris-sama’s panties when we first met.”
“……”
I didn’t care about the serious mood and apologized for my misdeed during our first encounter.
Eris made a troubled expression as if she wanted to say something, but stopped herself from doing so.
“Now that I think of it, there were other hints too. When we went to clear Keele’s dungeon and when Big Boss taught me the thief skills, you said such things before. Something like, ‘Because a senior who once took care of me was making unreasonable demands, I became really busy.’”
Now that I thought of it, the reason for her suddenly becoming busy was clear.
“You were busy dealing with the aftermath of Aqua forcefully reviving me after I was killed by the Winter Shogun, right? … Ah, I must apologize for that too. I’m very sorry for randomly groping you when I caught you infiltrating into the mansion.”
“Stop! Whatever, it’s fine! Or rather, stop reminding me of them!”
Eris blushed and repeatedly knocked on the table to interrupt me.
She then sighed softly, observed the surroundings and whispered to me.
“Don’t call me Eris-sama right now, Kazuma-kun… No, Assistant-kun. Watch your mannerisms too. Don’t use a reverent tone, speak to me casually as you did before. Please treat me as Chris.”
“… Chris. If you say so, I don’t mind. Then, let me ask you some questions. Why are you in the mortal world? Why’s a goddess stealing? Also, which of your mannerisms and personalities are the real you?”
“W-Wait. I can’t answer if you ask so many questions at once!”
Chris looked around again, coughed, and said seriously:
“Seriously… One of the reasons I’m in the mortal world is to find divine relics.”
Divine relics.
Those were powerful cheat items given to people who were sent to this world.
To recover the divine relics which lost their masters and then give them to the people who come to this world.
This probably was the main reason she was in the mortal world.
“I see. That’s why you took the thief job, since it’d be more convenient to recover the divine relics. Unlike a certain goddess who only eats and sleeps, you’re really serious and responsible… You said this was one of the reasons. What are the other reasons?”
Hearing my question, Eris’s serious expression softened slightly.
“Also, it was to be a friend to a certain noble lady who wished to have companions…”
She said and shyly smiled, scratching the scar on her cheek.
Darkness’s father mentioned this before.
Before she became an adventurer, Darkness used to visit the Eris church daily to pray that she could find adventuring companions.
Then, one day on the way back from church, she met Chris.
“… What can I say? I feel that Eris-sama’s really a goddess.”
“I told you not to call me Eris-sama! … No, but I actually enjoyed adventuring with Darkness. My real identity is a secret between just the two of us, okay? Especially Darkness. Don’t ever let her know, okay?”
Chris said as she shyly looked away and scratched her cheek.
Perhaps because Eris was inside that body, every movement made by her seemed very cute.
This must be the enhancement of a goddess.
But to guide the dead, find divine relics and even befriend her own worshipper… She really loved working.
I wished the other goddess, who was still eating snacks when I died, could learn from her example.
“Then, for my last question. Which mannerism and personality is real?”
Eris made a naughty expression as if she was about to pull a prank.
“Between Chris and Eris, which one do you like?”
“I like both.”
“Uh… Oh… Is that so? I wasn’t expecting you to respond without hesitation. I thought you’d be… How should I say this? … The kind of person who hesitates at saying these confession-like words.”
Chris’s eyes wandered uneasily as she suspiciously opened and closed the salt bottle on the table.
“No. I wasn’t confessing. It’s just stating my plain preference… The tomboyish Big Boss and the soothing Eris-sama. I feel neither should be given up… Ah! If Chris and Eris could be swapped back and forth daily, it’d be like dating two people at the same time! That’s Eris-sama for you. You’re so awesome to be able to make a solo harem. Please go out with me…”
“You’re the worst!! You really are scum! Also, I told you not to call me Eris-sama!”
I caught the salt bottle Chris threw at me and felt relaxed at our conversation.
For some reason, once I knew she was Eris, I could easily say that I liked her and asked her to go out with me.
Was it because she was an untouchable existence, the goddess Eris whom I admired?
Or was it because she was my friend Chris who did stupid things with me, like forming a thieving band?
I didn’t know what the reason was, but such a subtle connection gave me a soothing feeling.
“Sigh… Really. A climatic scene like revealing my secret identity was ruined…”
“I’ve got nothing but bad premonitions– Are you going to make me find divine relics for you?”
Facing the cautious me, Chris grinned widely.
“You caught on quickly, Assistant-kun! The divine relic this time’s the Sacred Armor Aigis. It was a set with the Sacred Shield Aegis, but we just need to find the armor this time…”
“La la la, I’m not listening! I don’t want to head down such dangerous roads anymore! Recently, my relationship with Megumin’s pretty good. Darkness seems to be somewhat interested in me too! And after receiving the large amount of money, there’s no need to work. I want to spend my decadent life with everyone affectionately!!”
“You just asked me to go out with you! What are you saying now? I can entrust only you with this job! Ah, hey, don’t cover your ears. Aren’t you going to obey your Big Boss’s orders?”
Chris shouted and shook me as I covered my ears and lay my head on the table.
Several customers and staff took notice of our disturbance.
Maybe because she noticed their gaze, Chris finally quieted down.
I thought she’d given up, but she slowly lifted her head…
“Satou Kazuma-san. Please… For the sake of this world, could you please help me…?”
The goddess Eris took a beseeching pose before me… No, before me was Chris, who wore the expression of the melancholic Eris.
… That’s unfair, Eris-sama.
– After that incident, I accepted Chris’s request. Sometime after that, in the living room of my mansion…
“Everyone. Humans are a species capable of conversation. Let’s talk this through.”
Vanir said as he kneeled in the living room, both hands bound by powerful magic ropes.
Aqua and Wiz separately squatted on either side of him. They frowned and stared at Vanir so closely that they’d touch his face in a few more millimeters.
Darkness finally came forth from her home. She was now standing before Vanir, frowning and crossing her arms.
Darkness had returned safely after being coerced into marriage by Alderp. The lost funds were also returned.
For me, this was a happy ending, but…
“You’re the one who profited most from that disturbance, right? It’s so good to be able to buy the rights to various products from Kazuma so cheaply… I heard about it. You resold Kazuma’s product rights at a high price and earned a huge profit. You’re so clever, so there must’ve been other solutions beside such indirect ones. Tell us the truth.”
Aqua said as she carefully hugged the egg named Emperor Zell.
“Vanir-san. What’ve you been doing behind my back? You resold the product rights you got cheaply from Kazuma-san? Unbelievable…! Ah, what should I do? To think that money in the vault came from blackmailing Kazuma-san…! I want to return it, but the money’s already…!”
Wiz covered her face and apologized guiltily.
Looking at her as she said, “My house’s Vanir has troubled you. I’m sorry, so sorry.”
… I started to feel sorry for her instead.
“Calm down, gangster girl and destitute shop owner. Although there are other ways to solve this… Problem…? … Wait. Thou disaster of a shop owner, what did thou just say? What happened to the money moi left in the vault? That isn’t an amount that can be spent so easily.”
Vanir, who was trying to placate Aqua and Wiz, stopped.
Wiz, who was covering her face with her hands, lifted her head. Her expression brightened up.
“About that– Praise me, Vanir-san. Actually, while I was tending the shop, a regular patron of mine brought a lot of manatites. He said he’d sell them to me at half price, so I used all the money in the vault to buy them! I really bought some good stuff this time! Based on my evaluation, those were definitely high grade manatites!”
Manatites were one-use items that could provide mana for magic.
They were expensive and could only be used once.
Therefore, in this city where most adventurers were rookies, there was no demand for such high grade manatites.
I felt pity for Vanir after hearing this.
I casually asked Vanir:
“Forget it. I didn’t think you’d do that much. But I’ll ask you this. According to Aqua, Darkness’s father was under a devil’s curse… And you’re the only devil in this city.”
That’s right. This was the reason Vanir was considered the prime suspect, but…
“Hahaha. Moi would never use a curse that could kill the victim! The one who placed the curse was an arch-devil with strange mannerisms and a screw loose in the head.”
“Isn’t that you?”
Aqua and Wiz heard that and tightly grabbed Vanir’s shoulders. Darkness whose father was cursed this time took a step forward.
“Wait. Dost thou think that a gentleman like moi would be a broken devil with strange mannerisms? Come on, let’s be reasonable! Moi admit that moi did a lot of circuitous matters this time. Moi admit that things developed so moi could taste the negative emotions of the lord after his bride was snatched away. But moi wish thou will listen to moi explanation. Especially thou, who’s been staring at moi since earlier, who developed strong feelings for that guy over there after this incident, who changed all the clothes thou wears in the house to thin, flimsy material…”
“Ahhh! Revenge for killing my father!!”
“Hey, don’t break my mask! Don’t intentionally break my mask! And your father’s not dead!”
Darkness suddenly shouted and rushed at Vanir, who was pinned by Aqua and Wiz. She attempted to break his mask.
Megumin pulled on my sleeve as I watched the scene.
“Kazuma. It seems Vanir’s confirmed to be the mastermind behind the incident. I think I can go outside the city for my daily Explosion now. Kazuma, if you don’t mind, could you come with me?”
“Fine. This doesn’t seem like it’ll end soon anyway, so I’ll go with you. They should’ve calmed down when we return.”
After saying that, I casually geared up and left with Megumin.
“– By the way, I haven’t thanked you yet.”
A short while after leaving the city, on the way toward the hillside where there were a lot of boulders.
Megumin, who was walking beside me, suddenly said.
“Thanks? What for? … Ah, is it for apologizing to those parents after you made their kid cry? That was in the past. But from now on, don’t bully a kid just because he calls you names, okay?”
“N-Not that pathetic matter! And I wasn’t in the wrong then. It was that kid’s fault for looking down on Crimson Demons!”
As Megumin became agitated, we arrived at the site for Explosions.
Recently, we’ve been coming here every day since Megumin seemed to like it here.
I didn’t want to know what exactly she liked about this place, but there were a lot of boulders around.
It’s probably because she wanted to satisfy her destructive impulse by smashing those boulders instead of using Explosion in a random location.
I originally intended to earn some experience points by killing monsters along the way, but the monsters didn’t appear today.
“I want to thank you for saving Darkness.”
Megumin casually found a large boulder by the hillside. She knocked on the boulder to check its state as she said that without turning her head.
It seemed she found today’s target.
“That incident, huh? Darkness owes me too much. I won’t let her leave the party so easily. Besides, it wasn’t the first time I cleaned up after you all. There’s no need for thanks at this point.”
I shrugged casually and said to Megumin, who was distancing herself from the boulder.
Megumin smiled and answered happily.
“Even so, it’s still necessary. I’ve said this before back in the Crimson Demon village…”
She turned her back on me and raised her staff–
“You complain a lot. But in the end, you’ll still help everyone. I truly like you the way you are.”
And casually said such words…
“… Hey, seriously, don’t just say such things so casually. I don’t know whether to take it seriously or not. I remembered you saying this before, but just casually say that you like me. I’ll take it the wrong way. What does it mean? Should I take it as a confession?”
I pretended to be calm to prevent her from noticing the stirring in my heart.
“Who knows? You can interpret it whichever way you like.”
Megumin kept her back turned and said, laughing.
… Was this girl being serious?
Or was she messing with me?
No, wait. Think about it, Satou Kazuma.
Since the beginning, Megumin would always seem restless around me and have an aura of good feelings.
I didn’t know why she’d affirm her good feelings toward me now, but the only reason I could think of was the incident where I saved Darkness.
It was a bit embarrassing to say it myself, but at that time, I was probably really cool.
Yes. I was like the protagonist of a romance novel.
That night after saving Darkness, I was shivering beneath my blanket, worrying over if I’d be executed for that event. However, when I thought about it now, I was practically the hero back then.
… Besides, we’ve been living in the same house for quite some time now.
It wouldn’t be surprising if someone developed feelings toward me. Or rather, it was strange that I still didn’t have a harem after living among the girls for so long.
Say it. Say it, Satou Kazuma. The success rate is high. Don’t be afraid!
There won’t be rejection or being kept at a distance! … Probably not…!
R-Really not?
Okay, I’m ready. No problem. Be courageous!
From today on, I’ll be a normie!!
“About that… Megumin, I’m very happy about your feelings. Actually, I’m also…”
“Explosion–!!”
“What happened to you? Why are you so annoyed?”
Since I started carrying her on my back, Megumin was grumbling non-stop like a dense protagonist.
I didn’t actually think much of Megumin, so it was fine even if I was interrupted,.
Right. Her looks weren’t bad, but she was a weirdo who only had Explosions and more Explosions in her head.
I was almost taken along by the mood, but I won’t be tricked so easily.
“Kazuma. Did you say something when I was casting Explosion magic? I didn’t hear anything because of the explosion, but I felt you were saying something important.”
“Nothing! I feel nothing about Megumin!”
“What are you annoyed about? You’re even being coy. You should keep such bad tempers in check. When we get back home, I’ll give you one extra pudding that I bought the last time.”
“… I’ll forgive you if you give me two more.”
I said to Megumin as I placed my hand on the main door.
Then the door was opened.
“I can’t give you two more. Including Aqua’s and Darkness’s share, there’s only one extra. If you get two more, someone will have nothing to eat…”
Megumin stopped talking midway.
… Of course, I was stunned too.
Back in the house, before us was…
“Give it back! Come on, give it back! Give my cute Emperor Zell back to me!! Wah! Give it back!”
“Hahaha! You deserve it, you cuckolded goddess. Your precious pet… Hahaha… Damn it, hey! Go away, bird. Go back to your owner!”
Before us, Aqua was wailing and pounding on Vanir’s back.
… Wiz and Darkness were on the carpet with their eyes rolled up.
No, wait, Wiz was so translucent that she was about to vanish.
And the most important thing was probably the cause of Aqua’s wailing.
At the feet of Vanir, who was being pounded by Aqua…
“Chirp.”
That was definitely a chick.
That chick was pestering Vanir’s feet.
“– So, what’s going on here?”
I put Megumin down on the sofa and made Aqua and Vanir sit straight before me to explain matters.
I didn’t know the details, but these two people must’ve done something for Wiz to be near the vanishing point and for Darkness to roll back her eyes,.
Darkness wouldn’t be hurt by Aqua’s attacks. Vanir’s attacks wouldn’t cause Wiz to vanish.
The two people who were kneeling on the carpet pointed at each other.
“It was this person!” x2
The two people who said exactly the same thing glared at each other from a very close distance.
Aqua frowned and clenched her teeth in rage.
It was difficult to see Vanir’s expression because of his mask, but his mouth was twitching.
There was a yellow fur ball on Vanir’s legs.
… The situation was so messed up. What should I do?
At a loss, I decided to listen to them one by one.
“Listen to me! Listen to me, Kazuma! When we were interrogating this weird masked guy, he suddenly attacked us! He even shouted Vanir-style whatever! I deflected it with magic, but it hit Darkness and she collapsed. I counter-attacked with purification magic! Then this guy used Wiz as a shield and caused her to nearly vanish! When I decided to destroy this guy…!”
I see.
I don’t get it at all.
“Hahaha. Thou only mention the things beneficial to thyself, ye insidious woman! This woman, along with that muscle woman and that traitorous shop owner declared the innocent moi to be guilty! Moi couldn’t possibly accept a judgment without a lawyer, so I acted in self-defense by attacking with my Vanir-style Death Ray. Then, this fellow reflected moi ray to that muscle woman. Then, this unreasonable woman used magic on moi in revenge. Moi promptly used the shop owner as a shield to ensure my safety. When moi decided to settle it all at once…!”
“Emperor Zell was born!” x2
I see.
I don’t get it at all.
– Kingsford Zeldman.
The one chosen by the water goddess out of a clutch of eggs was basically a normal chick.
“The name isn’t bad. It’s a name full of majesty. No wonder it wants to stay close to moi.”
“Of course it’s good. Who do you think gave its name? It’s unacceptable for it to be close to you, but this kid was chosen by a goddess like me. It’s destined to become the emperor of dragons.”
Kneeling on the carpet, Vanir and Aqua argued over this while the chick was completely unconcerned.
Its appearance was no different from a typical chick in Japan.
As a weak newborn, it wasn’t afraid before a goddess and a devil. It even stood majestically upon the legs of the greater devil and stared at it.
Kingsford Zeldman.
It bore the hope of becoming the dragon king and had the nickname of Emperor Zell.
I casually picked up Emperor Zell from Vanir’s legs and said:
“… So what should we do about this thing? How about fried chicken?”
“No way! Kazuma, you’re inhuman! Sometimes, I feel that this masked devil has more humanity than you!”
“Don’t be rude, cuckolded goddess. This man’s evil is unmatched in Axel since the disappearance of the evil lord. Don’t compare him to moi, who’s popular for patrolling the area when children go home from school.”
Can I cry?
… But I roughly understood the situation.
While Aqua and Vanir were arguing, Emperor Zell hatched. Since it saw Vanir first, it acknowledged Vanir as its parent.
Megumin, who was resting on the sofa, looked at Emperor Zell in my hands with admiration and interest.
She probably wanted to touch it.
I passed Emperor Zell to Megumin and took care of Wiz and Darkness, who were still on the floor.
“… Why’s a newborn so cute? Is its cuteness a defense mechanism against predators?”
Megumin looked at Emperor Zell as she held it gently in her hands. I came next to the collapsed Wiz and Darkness.
… Wiz’s body was still almost transparent. This was beyond me.
So I lifted up Darkness from the carpet and patted her face, but she didn’t wake up.
“In any case, you’re hindering Emperor Zell’s education, so get lost. I’ll let this kid receive elite education… Look at Megumin’s decadent expression as she looks at Emperor Zell. She’s totally seduced. Emperor Zell’s born a lady killer. It’s said that beautiful women are weak against a heroic male. His future’s bright.”
“Hmph. No need for ye to say. Moi will be leaving anyway. After all, the money moi earned has all been turned to rocks by that liability of a shop owner. Well then, goodbye humans. Please patronize Wiz’s Magic Tool Shop again when thou has saved some money!”
Vanir said and grabbed the collar of Wiz whose body had turned translucent.
“Hey. Sorry, but can thou give moi some sugared water? Left alone like this, this undead lich will become a dead lich. Let her regain some nutrients, give her some sugared water and she’ll revive like a bug.”
What was Wiz’s usual diet?
Vanir said and walked toward the kitchen…
“Ah! W-What is it, Emperor Zell?”
Megumin was shocked when Emperor Zell suddenly started struggling in her hands. She gently put it down on the carpet.
What’s this? Even Megumin called it Emperor Zell normally. Wasn’t there a sense of wrongness?
This is a chick after all.
Even though it is a chicken, its name was the most impressive among us.
“… Hmm?”
Before everyone, the yellow fur ball with an impressive name walked unsteadily over to Vanir’s feet and rubbed its body against Vanir’s shoe.
After seeing this, Aqua pestered me.
“Wah–! Emperor Zell’s been stolen! Kazuma! Kazuma! Please, destroy this masked devil and return Emperor Zell to me!”
“No. Why should I do it? You’re capable of dealing with Vanir. Anyway, it’s just a chick, not a dragon. Why can’t you accept this?”
Aqua reached for Emperor Zell and lovingly carried it to her bosom.
“If I destroy the masked devil, Emperor Zell who’s close to him will hate me… Maybe the blind Kazuma can’t distinguish it, but this kid’s a rare breed of dragon with fur, the shaggy dragon.”
“I understand why you don’t want to admit that you were cheated, but give it up. This guy’s definitely a normal chick.”
I looked at Aqua who was covering her ears and ignoring me. Then, I said to Vanir, who was showering Wiz with sugared water:
“Hey, Darkness isn’t showing any sign of recovery. Is this a problem?”
Vanir listened, looked at Darkness in disbelief and said:
“Well, her wound should be healed by the goddess over there. But it’s amazing to still be alive after receiving moi Vanir-style Death Ray. True to its name, the ray kills anyone it hits. Moi wants to know why she isn’t dead yet. Perhaps her magic resistance’s ridiculously high… But this incident will hurt moi reputation as a harmless person. After that woman wakes up, ask her for moi, ‘How thick are thy muscles?’”
“I’ll get beaten up for that… Forget it. So, what should we do with this thing?”
Vanir lowered his head to look at the yellow fur ball which refused to leave his feet.
I felt it wasn’t a problem if Vanir took it away.
“Well. It can’t be helped to fall in love with moi who art an idol in the eyes of women. But the difference in species between birds and devils is simply too great. Although moi feel sorry for Emperor Zell, he just has to give up on moi.”
“No, it evidently considers you as its parent.”
Vanir crooned softly.
“… It can’t be helped then. Hey, where’s Emperor Zell’s nest?”
Aqua wordlessly pointed to the sofa in the living room.
No. Don’t make that place into a nest.
Vanir took a look and carried Emperor Zell to sit on the sofa.
Emperor Zell was obedient only when carried by Vanir.
This fellow truly treated Vanir as its parent.
Vanir lowered his body with Emperor Zell held in both hands…
“Shred!”
After a sound, Vanir split into two.
Emperor Zell was being carried by Vanir’s clone, so it couldn’t see the second Vanir.
After leaving an empty shell to carry Emperor Zell, the devil seemingly capable of doing anything waved and said:
“Then, moi will be leaving.”
“I think that I’m familiar with the creatures of this world by now, but you’re the wackiest of them all.”
On the second morning after the birth of my home’s mascot.
“… Hey Kazuma. Can you not eat eggs in front of Emperor Zell? I feel that the kid’s shivering as it looks at you.”
Aqua said to me as she fed bread crumbs to Emperor Zell.
“Isn’t it a dragon? If so, it has no reason to fear someone like me… Rather, can you do something about Vanir’s empty shell? Its sense of presence is too strong. I can’t eat in peace while that thing’s staring.”
I used my chopsticks to point at Vanir’s empty shell, Emperor Zell’s substitute nest, currently seated next to Aqua.
Although there was nothing inside, its exterior looked like Vanir himself, so it had a strong sense of presence. Even without moving, it made people uneasy.
“This can’t be helped. After all, Emperor Zell likes this… Anyway, what’s up with that little one now?”
After being pecked painfully by Emperor Zell, Aqua looked at the corner of the room.
“It looks like it’s afraid of this yellow fur ball.”
In the corner, Chomusuke was curled into a ball, maintaining vigilance against Emperor Zell.
I was worried that the yellow fur ball would be eaten by the black fur ball, but I didn’t expect it to be like this.
“Probably because of magic power.”
Megumin stared at Emperor Zell as she ate her toast and said.
“Magic power?”
“Yes. Magic power. I can sense great magic power from Emperor Zell.”
… From this fur ball?
“It’s probably because it received magic power from the most magically powerful people in this city, namely Aqua, Vanir, Wiz, and myself, when it was still in the egg. When a dragon incubates its eggs, it‘ll channel magic power into them to keep warm, allowing the baby dragons to hatch with great magic power. It’s a famous legend, but it’s surprising that the same phenomenon happened with a chicken egg. This may be good news to the people who rear dragons.”
Which meant what exactly?
Could this chicken become a powerful fighting force like Aqua said?
“Then, if we take care of it, it could eventually become a trump card against the Devil King…”
“Nope. It’s just a chicken after all. It can’t use magic, it can’t use magic power to fly like a dragon, and it can’t exhale dragon breath.”
…….
“Then will it awaken to great power one day? Its magic power could induce it to become a chicken with super physical attributes…”
“That’s impossible. Magic power can control aging and extend one’s lifespan, but this kid’s just an ordinary chicken. It won’t awaken any special power. At most, it’ll use its vast magic power to frighten off wild monsters.”
What a waste.
“Ah! Right. Then, I can use the Drain Touch skill to use this fellow as a substitute manatite and replenish magic power.”
“That won’t work either. It’s just an ordinary chicken. If you’re not careful, you can drain its life force and it’ll die.”
What was the use of this thing?
“… If I eat this fellow, will it instantly boost my magic power?”
“… I don’t know. I don’t really want to do that since it’s cute, but if it can instantly increase magic power, it might be worth a try.”
“If you’re going to look at my kid like that, then get lost! Darkness, you must protect Emperor Zell from these two people!”
Darkness gracefully drank black tea after breakfast and laughed lightly as she watched our exchange.
“… Ha. Looking at you people, I feel like I’ve really returned. Kazuma, Megumin, don’t bully Aqua too much. We must live together peacefully from now on. No more quarrels. Let’s get along.”
She said and smiled peacefully at us.
“… You shut yourself at home, but now that you’ve come out, your mood’s improved. After being abandoned by that old lord, is your emotional scar really healed? But I feel that a used woman who’s still a virgin’s quite new and refreshing. It’s not bad for you to keep accumulating attributes.”
“I wasn’t abandoned! The lord went missing because he ran away after his corruption was exposed! … And I’m not a used woman. My family registry’s still clean and pure.”
Darkness said and smiled fearlessly.
“…? … Ah! You used the privilege of nobility to tamper with the records! Hey Megumin, look at what she’s become. She acted cool before by saying that the Dustiness family wouldn’t abuse its political power, but this is what she does the moment there’s trouble.”
“Darkness has truly changed a lot since then. She’s no longer stubborn and inflexible. Her brain has probably softened because she’s being influenced by Kazuma.”
Darkness blushed after her actions were exposed.
“Both of you, stop it! Actually, Darkness’s a very dreamy girl, okay? She likes cute dresses even though she says they don’t suit her. She likes dolls too. She’s a good girl who’ll take note of when nobody else’s around so she can secretly play with Emperor Zell! Such a pure and lovable Darkness merely tampered with her family registry a bit… Ah. What are you doing, Darkness? I was defending you!”
As Darkness tearfully attempted to pounce at Aqua and cover her mouth.
There was a knock on the main door, followed by the sound of the door opening.
“Sorry to intrude… Everyone, it seems rather joyful today too.”
The one who entered through the door was Chris, who smiled bitterly while looking at our usual selves.
“– That’s how it is. I requested Assistant-kun’s help before, but if possible, I hope everyone can help find the divine relics.”
Chris explained the situation. She continued to consciously stare at Vanir’s empty shell that was Emperor Zell’s nest. She sighed.
After Chris finished explaining, Darkness frowned with an apologetic look.
“I’d like to help you… But sorry, Chris. Because the lord’s currently missing, I must perform the lordship duties on behalf of my father who hasn’t recovered yet. Therefore, I can only help out after my father’s health has recovered…”
“No problem. After all, your work’s more important. I’m happy that you wanted to help me. Thank you, Darkness.”
Chris smiled and said to Darkness, then looked expectantly at the other two people.
“I’ll help if I can, but my capabilities are very limited, okay? If those divine relics are in the hands of villains, I can help you to threaten them with Explosion magic.”
“Th-Thank you, Megumin. If there’s need to trouble you, I’ll ask for you then. Uh, then…”
Chris looked expectantly at Aqua. Aqua, who was cuddling Emperor Zell, plainly rejected.
“It’s regrettable. I can’t help.”
Perhaps surprised by these words, everyone looked at Aqua.
“Other than feeding the chick, you’re just idling away, right? You’re the idlest out of everyone here. Go and help her.”
Aqua hugged Emperor Zell and merely smiled at my words.
It was infuriating, but the conversation couldn’t go on if I made her cry.
As if the tiny wings of Emperor Zell felt good in her arms, Aqua kept stroking them and said in satisfaction.
“Kazuma. Do you understand a parent’s feelings?”
“… What are you asking all of a sudden? If I understood such things, my online friends wouldn’t call me Kazuma-kun Who Made His Mother Cry.”
“Yes, that’s true, that’s Kazuma for you. You just played games every day without going to school and ignored any attempts to urge you to go to school. So hopeless… But even a useless son like you is adorable in a parent’s eyes.”
If Aqua was talking about me, I’d give her a whipping.
“Hopeless kids are cute. I know that, but I want this kid to become stronger than everyone, become the most respected dragon! Elite education is a necessity for it to rise to the top of the dragon world… So the clever me thought of this. Look, people say that kids grow up watching the silhouettes of their parents, right? So, I intend to let this kid see how powerful and respected I am.”
I asked Aqua, who was serious like never before.
“What exactly do you intend to do?”
“I think that my current power’s slightly insufficient to defeat the Demon King, so that’ll be the last resort.”
“… I don’t know what kind of power you have that’s slightly insufficient to defeat the Demon King, but didn’t you originally intend to use this chick as a fighting force against the Demon King? It seems your premise has changed.”
“Kazuma, what are you saying? How can I let my cute kid do such dangerous things?”
“You’re the one talking nonsense.”
Did this fellow awaken her motherly instinct while incubating the egg?
“But letting it witness my power can wait. Compared to that, currently there’s an even more important event.”
… Important event?
Aqua looked around at us.
“Has everyone heard of the Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival?”
She suddenly said such things.
– Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival.
That was a festival whereby people joyfully give thanks to the goddess of luck Eris for passing a year safely.
It was reportedly a customary event that happened around this season annually in this world.
I glanced at Chris, who was drinking black tea next to me. She shyly looked away.
“This city will be hosting the Eris Festival, right? My village has done it too. It’s said that if you dress up as the goddess of luck Eris on that day, you’ll spend the next year safely until the next festival.”
Eh? Was there really such a good thing?
I sighed and looked at Chris, but she gently shook her head.
It seemed to be a superstition.
“My family participates in the Eris Festival annually. Every generation of the Dustiness family has always been respected by Eris cultists. We donate a lot of money every year to the festive event.”
Chris looked embarrassed upon hearing this.
“This means that we can see people cosplaying as Eris-sama in this city… Hey, I’m somewhat looking forward to this!”
“Is it? I don’t quite like that celebration because it’s just women who dress up as the goddess Eris.”
“That information’s unnecessary.”
At this time, Aqua slammed the table and said:
“Everyone, why are you being excited? I’m not asking everyone to enjoy the celebration! I’m being left aside… Ouch, ouch, ouch! Emperor Zell, why are you pecking me? What about mommy are you dissatisfied with?”
Aqua was about to say something, but the slam on the table frightened the chick, causing it to peck her hand.
“What are you trying to say?”
Aqua responded to its query.
“Since there’s an Eris Festival, it’d be unfair not to have an Aqua Festival. Let’s put an end to the Eris Festival this year and replace it with the Aqua Festival!”
Chris sprayed the tea out of her mouth.
Aqua ignored the coughing Chris and continued loudly.
“Don’t you think it’s very unfair? There’s an Eris Festival, yet why is there no celebration for Aqua, who’s Eris’s senior? Isn’t it fine for me to take her place once in a while? I want to let Emperor Zell see my awesomeness!”
What was this girl saying in front of Eris herself?
“And I don’t know why Eris is so popular! That kid looks very demure but she’s actually very naughty, okay? And she takes responsibility for many things on her own initiative. She’s a boring girl who tries to do everything by herself. I helped that immature kid clean up her mess so many times!”
I moved close to Chris who was still coughing and whispered to her ear:
“What’s she talking about? Did you really let her help you lots of times?”
“… J-Just once. Because I was continuously doing the work senpai pushed to me, my own work began to pile up without me realizing… When I was troubled by this, senpai said with self-satisfaction, ‘Really, you’re hopeless! Eris just can’t do without me!’ and helped me out…”
Hey, what the heck was that?
Darkness ignored our private conversation and said to Aqua:
“Seriously. Aqua, do you know that the reason you have such bad luck is because you always make impertinent remarks to belittle Eris-sama? Aqua’s repeated sufferings are no doubt divine retributions from Eris-sama.”
“What! So when a wild dog I was playing with suddenly chased and bit me, and when my ice cream dropped on the floor, it was all Eris’s doings? Why’s that cute wench Eris like this?”
I glanced to my side and saw Chris violently shaking her head in tears.
“Uh, whatever it is. Of course I won’t be helping. I’ve said earlier, I’ve got a lot of lordship duties to perform. I won’t be able to find time to be with you during the celebration.”
“Why? I just joined Kazuma to rescue you from marriage. I even removed the curse placed on your father!”
“Ugh… I-If you say that, I’ll have nothing to retort. But I’m still a devout Eris cultist…”
Hearing Darkness’s reply, Chris breathed out in relief.
“Enough. Darkness is a used woman and an abandoned bride!”
“Wait, Aqua, this nickname’s…!”
“Megumin? What about you, Megumin? You will help out, right?”
“A used woman, an abandoned bride…”
On the verge of tears, the used woman lowered her head. At this time, Megumin, who was gently caressing Emperor Zell, said:
“I’ve no problem with that, since I’m not an Eris cultist. I also know some Axis cultists who took care of me previously.”
“?”
Darkness raised her head in surprise, while Aqua expressed a naïve sense of joy.
“That’s my Megumin! Kazuma will of course–”
“Not do it.”
“Come and help, you damn NEET! You’re sleeping all the time! Please! I’ll let you feed Emperor Zell! Only once!”
“No! Why’s feeding that chick considered a reward?”
“Uh, I kind of want to feed it…”
It seemed it was indeed a reward for most people here.
“Anyway, it’s impossible to end the Eris Festival. The Eris cultists would go berserk, right?”
“Eh… It’s Kazuma’s job to resolve such issues…”
“Are you joking?”
Hearing my retorts, Chris breathed out in relief.
Aqua stood up aggressively and declared:
“Forget it, petty Kazuma! I’ll resolve everything together with Megumin and Chris!”
“Eh–?”
Chris cried out in her loudest voice today.
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
The sunlight of the summer penetrated through the gaps of the thick window curtains.
To avoid the sunlight, I buried my head in the blanket to enjoy the warmth. Just then, there was a violent knocking on the door.
“Kazuma, how much longer are you going to sleep? Are you dressed? You’re not doing anything weird, right? You aren’t, right? I’m coming in! … Why’s it so cold?”
Aqua, who was in high spirits early in the morning, entered the room and cried out.
My head emerged from the blanket.
“Hey, stop shouting in the morning. Close the door or the cold air will escape.”
“I keep saying every time– It’s noon already. And why is the room so cold? Is the Winter Shogun in your closet? Our house already has Chomusuke and Emperor Zell. We don’t need another pet, okay?”
“Why would I keep such a dangerous thing as a pet? Look at the corners of the room. There are buckets in every corner, right? There’s ice inside them.”
Aqua was probably intrigued by my words. She looked inside the container.
“Where did you get ice in the hot summer? I want some ice to help me sleep at night too.”
“Remember when Wiz said that she bought a lot of high grade manatite? I had an idea. Using the power of money, I bought the manatite cheaply in bulk, then used Freeze to create a lot of ice. This makes the room really cool even in the summer so I can daydream under my blanket. There are few things more enjoyable than this.”
Aqua looked at me under the blanket with envy and said.
“Kazuma, your ability to waste money and magic’s unsurpassed… Say, tonight will probably be hot too. Can you make some ice for me as well?”
“Sure, but why are you here now? Aren’t you going to the Axis Cult Church today?”
Yesterday, Aqua forcefully enlisted Chris for help and declared that she’d gather her worshippers in the Axis Cult Church today, but…
“Kazuma’s never been loved, so you probably don’t know this feeling. But isn’t it a bit embarrassing to ask my worshippers to host a celebration to praise myself? So I hope that someone will accompany me and insinuate them to host the event.”
Aqua said as she placed her hands into a bucket and enjoyed the ice.
“You dare to say that to me, who’s been popular among single female adventurers and receptionists after I made a ton of money? You never cared about the mood and did whatever you pleased, so why are you so bothered about it now? I already said that I won’t be helping yesterday. I don’t want to have anything to do with Axis cultists. You should ask Megumin or Darkness instead.”
“I begged Darkness many times, but she says she’s busy with lordship duties. Megumin says she’s meeting someone today, so she can’t play with me.”
Aqua said as she brought the ice bucket over to me…
“Hey, what are you doing with that? I won’t go. The weather’s too hot to be running around outside today. S-Stop it! What are you doing to my blanket? I just dried it in the sun, don’t wet it! I won’t forgive you if you wet… Fine, I’ll go, so put down that bucket!”
– It was a small building in the suburbs of Axel.
“Here we are. It looks like a very small church, but this accentuates the humility of the Axis cultists. It feels very nice.”
“This church feels like it’ll collapse if the wind blows too hard.”
Aqua and I arrived at this city’s Axis Cult Church.
By the way, this was the first time I came here despite living in this city for so long.
“What’s the person in charge of this church like? He isn’t someone with an intense personality, right? We’ve got too many people with awfully strong personalities. I’m leaving if it turns out to be some weirdo.”
“Everyone in the Axis Cult is a good person, so don’t worry. I’ve never met the person in charge of the church in this town, but It seems a new person has recently taken up the post…”
Aqua said and placed her hands on the door of the church…
“See. No problem, right? Verify it… Seriously, don’t make me deal with these kinds of goods again.”
Hearing the man’s voice from inside, she stopped her hand.
These kinds of goods?
“… Certainly, I was right to look you up. This are definitely first grade goods. Anyway, there’s nothing to worry about. There isn’t any danger once I got used to it. It’s only for my personal enjoyment, after all.”
Hearing the woman’s response, I shared a look with Aqua.
“It’s best that way. Even so, don’t drown yourself in pleasure and overdo it. It’s caused deaths every year, so be careful.”
This was a serious matter.
To think that the Axis Cult would be involved with banned items…!
Why doesn’t this feel odd?
“Hey Aqua. Let’s go to the police station.”
“W-Wait! My children aren’t criminals! This must be a misunderstanding! Don’t jump to conclusions before we find out what’s happening!”
“Your cultists’ provocation and sexual harassment of Eris cultists are already crimes.”
It wasn’t wise to remain here.
If the other party discovered that we overheard the conversation, they might attempt to silence us.
As I was about to leave with the unwilling Aqua…
“Seriously. You never change. Do you really like this white powder so much?”
– That was Megumin’s voice.
Aqua and I were shocked upon hearing the voice of someone familiar.
Why’s Megumin in this place?
She just said white powder?
No. Wait. If Megumin was involved in this dirty transaction, that meant…
“Is this really that good? I remembered you recommended it to me before. I want to try it out too.”
Hey, hey!
“Little girl. This looks like ordinary white powder, but if you add hot water…”
Hey, wait, stop!
The one speaking was definitely Megumin, right?
It can’t be someone else with a similar voice, right?
As Aqua and I were hesitating whether to rush in or not, we heard a deciding statement.
“In that case, why don’t you try it? Don’t worry, Megumin. Everyone’s a little afraid at first, but after you try it, you’ll be addicted…”
I kicked down the door and rushed in.
“– This is it, you evil cultists!! What are you doing to my companion? Do you have a death wish?!”
Inside the building, a man and a woman stared in surprise as I kicked down the door.
And–
“K-Kazuma? Why are you here…? Even Aqua’s…!”
Standing between the two of them, Megumin was shocked.
“Who cares why! Stop right there, criminal scum! I’m a famous adventurer in this city. If you resist, don’t blame me if you get hurt!!”
Hearing my threat, that woman…
Shivered with the white powder in her hands. She looked like a priestess of the Axis Cult.
“W-Wait! Although this is a banned item, it’s for my personal use only…”
“Who’d believe that nonsense! You were just trying to entice my companion! Stop joking. How are you going to compensate if my companion becomes even weirder after using that thing?! I’ll use Tinder and burn those damn things away!”
As I raised my right hand, that priestess hurriedly held that powder to her chest.
At this time, Aqua rushed past me.
“God Blow!!”
She attacked the confused man with her fist.
Aqua’s fist accurately hit his belly and the man collapsed without a word.
“Wait! What are you two doing? Why’d you suddenly barge in?”
I ignored the confused Megumin and clenched my fist at the priestess.
“Megumin, shut up! Hey, you evil priestess who attempted to entice an innocent girl into misdeeds! I’m someone who supports gender equality, so I’ll raise my hand even against a woman with a sacred job. As retribution for enticing my companion to play with this weird thing, I’ll let you feel my sacred fist on behalf of a goddess who can’t set a good example for her worshippers.”
“Hey Kazuma. Don’t be so quick to judge! This kid must have some mitigating circumstances! This man here probably isn’t an Axis cultist, so I passed judgment. But I can sense the aura of an Axis cultist from her! I think we should let her explain first!!”
Aqua got in the way as I was about to pounce at her with my fist.
Looking at Aqua, the priestess widened her eyes.
“You’re? … Ah, for such a thing to happen… Ha. I mustn’t be rude. Fine, I lose. If you want to burn this or hand me over to the police, do as you wish…”
Upon seeing Aqua, the priestess confessed her crimes and shrugged.
At her side, the bewildered Megumin looked at me and the priestess.
“If you surrender, we won’t do anything to you, but please cooperate with the police. Pay for your crimes there.”
“Okay. I know… Ha. Megumin, are you still willing to call me Onee-san? Don’t worry. After I pay for my crime, we’ll meet again… Yes, probably around this evening…”
The priestess said with a weak smile…
“… This evening? What are you saying? Why would you be released so soon?”
“What are you saying? Illegal possession of tokoroten slime will at most be punished with a lecture for about an hour.”
Tokoroten slime?
“… What’s that slime? Is it poison or a drug that makes you high…?”
“Nothing like that. It isn’t so dangerous. Tokoroten slime’s easily swallowed and feels elastic in the mouth. It’s a popular food among kids and old people.”
Hearing Megumin’s explanation, I fell silent.
“… But, from the conversation earlier… Don’t some people die from this yearly…?”
“Because of the food’s nature, a lot of people swallow without chewing properly, so some choke to death every year. I heard this was the favorite thing for wives to give to their mother-in-laws.”
…… ……
“No, but isn’t it a banned item? And the white powder? The possession itself is a crime, right?”
The priestess nodded with a sorrowful expression.
“Previously in Alcanretia, the Demon King’s army used tokoroten slime as part of a terrorist attack… It involved turning all the hot springs in the city to tokoroten slime. After that, the nation decreed that tokoroten slime must have dangerous side effects for the Demon King’s army to use it, so they started an investigation… In the end, the law banned the consumption of tokoroten slime before the investigation could confirm that it was safe to use.”
Why would the Demon King’s army do something so ridiculous?
“But to me, tokoroten slime’s irreplaceable! So even though I know I’ll be lectured, I still do it…!”
The priestess cried as I considered leaving.
Aqua rested her hand on the priestess’s shoulder.
“You, devout Axis cultist… Remember the seventh doctrine of the Axis Cult.”
The priestess lifted her head as Aqua patted her shoulder.
“The seventh doctrine…? …! ‘You shall not endure. Drink when you want to drink. Eat when you want to eat. Because you might not get to eat it tomorrow…’”
“That’s right. You shall not endure. Even if it’s fried chicken in someone else’s bowl, eat it if you want to. If you want to eat tokoroten slime, don’t hold yourself back. After all, holding it back isn’t good for the body.”
“Ah… Aqua-sama, thank you…!!”
I distanced myself from the strange behavior of Aqua and the priestess. I went next to Megumin and whispered in her ear:
“Hey, what should we do? Should we stop them? Or is it better not to get involved?”
“If you’re asking that, it’s definitely better not to get involved. If you leave it alone, it will probably stop by itself… Anyway, why are you here? Aqua said she wanted me to accompany her somewhere this morning. Was this the place?”
– I watched over the unconscious seller until he woke up and left.
I ignored Aqua who was still acting strange and explained the matter.
“… So you thought I was being enticed by weirdos into misdeeds and charged in?”
“Yes. I’m sorry. You’re familiar with that priestess, right? I’ve caused you trouble because of the misunderstanding.”
As I scratched my head and apologized, Megumin smiled and said:
“It’s nothing. After all, you were so worried about me, huh? I remember it was, ‘– This is it, you evil cultists!! What are you doing to my companion? Do you have a death wish?!’, right? Ha. I got another of Kazuma’s quotes to remember.”
“D-Don’t. Forget it, I was too anxious then… Hey, stop giving me that cheeky look or I’ll pull on your face. Hey.”
Even with my threat, Megumin continued smiling.
… Since there wasn’t a serious matter…
“Ah–!”
At this time, a sharp cry echoed in the church, breaking the peaceful mood.
It was the voice of the priestess who was being consoled by Aqua until now.
“What’s happening? What’s with this person!? To make Megumin smile so coyly! Megumin even has that slutty tsundere look! Ah! Megumin’s still so cute! Can I hug you?”
“P-Please don’t. Anyway, I haven’t introduced all of you to this Onee-san, right?”
Megumin pushed the restless priestess away with both hands and said to us:
“Kazuma, Aqua, let me introduce you. This is Cecily-san. She’s the manager of this church. Uh, her relationship with me is…”
“I’m her older sister.”
“Please don’t invent fictitious relationships! Uh, I should say she took care of me previously…”
What was with this Cecily?
She was very pretty, but I could sense an aura of uselessness from her like my companions.
Cecily bowed her head to Aqua and said:
“Let me formally introduce myself… Pleased to meet you, Aqua-sama. I heard about you from our church’s highest ranking official Lord Zesta. My name’s Cecily. If I can be of use in any way, please let me know.”
Cecily said and smiled gently as if facing her lover.
“Oh. You’ll do anything? There’s a hole in my sock, will you buy me a new pair?”
“Of course, Aqua-sama! I’ll naturally serve you and help you wear the socks… Ah. What are you doing? Even though I’m pretty, it’s wrong for you to do such things!”
I dragged Cecily who was saying stupid things to a corner of the church.
“Hey, she’ll get carried away if you dote on her too much. By the way, why are you so devoted to Aqua whom you only just met…? Has the Axis Cult realized her true identity?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Aqua-sama’s Aqua-sama. She’s the Archpriest who saved our city. She’s the Archpriest who’s named after our goddess. She merely shares the name of our goddess. I came to this city to serve Aqua-sama and rely on her brilliance to spend my days leisurely.”
“Can you please return to Alcanretia?”
But I still sensed it from her reaction.
The Axis Cult probably knew about Aqua’s real identity.
And they didn’t intend to declare the advent of the goddess Aqua, choosing to observe silently.
At least they didn’t intend to harm Aqua and me.
… At this time, Aqua somehow came over to my side and pulled on my sleeve.
She glanced at me expectantly, as if she wanted to say something.
What? Was she embarrassed to say it herself, so she wanted me to ask Cecily to host the Aqua Festival? So troublesome.
“Uh, you’re Megumin’s acquaintance, Cecily-san, right?”
“Don’t be so formal. You can be more casual. You can call me Cecily-nee.”
What should I do? Looking at her, it felt as if there were two Aquas now.
At the side, Aqua’s eyes were sparking and silently urging me on. It was annoying.
“… Uh, you know… Actually, this city will host the Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival soon–”
“I know! Of course, I know! Those damn Eris cultists plan to leave our Aqua-sama in the lurch with this ridiculous Eris Festival!”
Cecily indignantly interrupted me.
“It’s the summer season. What do you think of in summer? Yes, of course it’s the sea, the pool, and the Axis Cult. Then, what do you associate with celebration? Of course it’s the Axis Cult. We love banquets, celebrations, and summer. To leave the Axis Cult aside and host the Eris Festival during summer’s practically provoking us. That’s right. This is war. There’s no choice but war!”
Were there only these kinds of people in the Axis Cult?
Aqua was moved instantly by Cecily’s words. Her eyes were aglow.
“Therefore, I’ll divide up the roles. I’ll smash the windows of Eris Church. Megumin will coolly declare herself and get rid of the angry Eris cultists who’ll be chasing me. You’ll sneak into the crowd and mutter, ‘Divine retribution has befallen on those evil Eris cultists…’ and other such meaningful statements. Aqua-sama will just relax here and drink some wine… Then, let’s do this!!”
“I won’t let you do this. There are too many things to complain about!! … You people, don’t give me that look as if you really want to try it out!”
Ignoring Megumin, who was giggling over her imagined activity, and Aqua, who was happily drinking wine according to Cecily’s plan– I must first deal with this Axis cultist.
“I don’t mean that. Uh, I feel that you can start hosting something like the Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival celebration as a resistance.”
“Pleased to meet you. I’m Cecily, the manager of Axis Cult’s Axel branch. I have something I need to discuss.”
“Please leave.”
In Axel’s shopping district.
The shop owners of various shops there were preparing for the Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival.
“What’s this? I was being so polite. What are you dissatisfied with? … Ha. It seems you intend to reject me first then blackmail me later. You’re going to say this, right– ‘Hahaha. Pretty priestess of the Axis Cult, if you want me to grant your request, then show me some sincerity.’ And then, you’ll do that to my voluptuous body…! I won’t let you heathens have your way. I’ll show you the power of an Axis cultist!”
“What a crazy woman! This is why I refuse to have dealings with Axis cultists. Stop, wait! Someone help!”
The man in charge of the merchant district committee was being strangled by Cecily before my eyes.
“… Hey Megumin. She’s your friend, right? Go and stop her.”
“Not a friend, just an acquaintance. Please don’t misunderstand.”
We were here only to get the permit for celebration. Why did disputes happen whenever there was an Axis cultist around?
I left Aqua back at the church because I thought that bringing two problem kids would completely stall the negotiation, but it seemed just one didn’t make much difference.
Megumin and I looked at the scene in the shopping street again.
The shop owners of various shops were very busy, preparing to set up stalls or shelters.
This scene reminded me of Japan’s cultural festival.
I was sent to this world right after the end of the cultural festival.
I didn’t go to school during the day of the cultural festival, but I didn’t know I’d be coming to this parallel world. I have some regrets for not going to the festival for one last time.
My class seemed to be setting up a yakisoba stall.
Cecily was still strangling and scolding the chairman.
… These Axis cultists were just trying to host their own festival, right?
Feeling nostalgic about Japan, I came over to the chairman and stopped Cecily from choking him.
I just accompanied them to the shopping street, but seeing this scene, my thoughts changed slightly.
“Cecily-san. Things won’t progress like this. Go and take a rest, I’ll persuade him for you.”
Hearing this, Cecily let go. The chairman coughed and said:
“You said that you’ll persuade me on her behalf, but no matter who… Hmm? Are you that billionaire adventurer, Satou Kazuma-san?”
So I was nicknamed as the billionaire adventurer? Not bad.
Seeing that the chairman was willing to listen, Cecily calmed down. She carefully tidied up her attire and placed her hands together as if in prayer, looking at the chairman in the eyes.
“Actually, regarding this year’s Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival. We wish to change it to the Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival…”
“Please leave.”
“…! … Ugh!”
“Things really can’t progress if you keep doing this. Onee-san, please come here! Let’s go and play!”
Megumin took Cecily away as the latter prepared to pounce again. I softly said to the frightened chairman:
“My companion has caused you trouble. Sorry about that… But our purpose here’s related to what she said.”
“The Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival mentioned by that Axis cultist? Impossible. I don’t know what the Eris cultists will say if we do that…”
I lowered my voice and whispered to the chairman who was unwilling to negotiate:
“No. Unlike that Axis cultist, I’m not making an unreasonable suggestion like changing the festival. I wish to host both festivals at the same time. Make it into Goddesses Eris and Aqua Thanksgiving Festival. Everyone will be satisfied with that.”
The chairman listened and looked puzzled.
“That won’t be permitted. It sounds like a disaster waiting to happen. And it doesn’t seem like there’s any benefit…”
I pretended to have an epiphany.
“The Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival is supported by the merchant district stalls every year, so the annual income must be good, right?”
I asked in a casual tone.
“Uh, I’d be lying if I said there’s no profit. But lately, due to the Demon King’s army becoming more active, it wasn’t as grand as before… So what about it?”
I see. I see.
“Eris cultists and Axis cultists. Their relationship isn’t very good–but it’s only the Axis Cult which shows hostility. If the festival is co-hosted by both cults, what would happen? Since Axis cultists love celebrations, they’ll compete with the Eris Church and make the celebration go into full swing. Then, the Eris Church wouldn’t sit by and do nothing.”
“… Please elaborate.”
I said to the chairman who was listening seriously now:
“Let them compete with each other. The more aggressive their competition turns into, the grander the celebration will become. Naturally, the merchant district will benefit and increase profits.”
The chairman bowed down and stroked his chin, thinking about it seriously.
But those weren’t the only benefits.
“… One more thing. Where do the annual funds for the festival come from?”
“Funds? Most of it comes from the donations of the Eris Church. The rest comes from various aristocrats and our merchant district fundraising…”
I also bowed down like the chairman.
“Isn’t it great to let the Axis Cult, which wants to co-host the celebration, contribute to the funds? This way, perhaps just the Eris Church and the Axis Cult alone will raise enough funds.”
“… Do it then. Please do it this way! Wow. That’s our young and wealthy Kazuma-san for you. I’d like you to be our advisor for this celebration event… Of course, you’ll be compensated…”
Oh. This was truly an unexpected development.
Although I no longer lacked money, there was no reason to miss out on such a good deal.
“If you don’t mind, I’ll be the advisor. I’ve got a lot of good ideas. Let’s make a profit out of this.”
“Hahaha! This really is a good deal!”
We suddenly laughed out loud. Among the people watching–
“Is it really okay to leave it to him?”
“Even I, your Onee-san, feel somewhat uneasy.”
Such whisperings were heard.
In the café that recently became my meeting place with Chris, I reported the events over to her.
“– And that’s how it went.”
“Why? Why did it become like this? I thought it’d never be approved. How did senpai convince the merchant district chairman?”
Chris shouted, slammed the table and stood up.
“Well, convincing the chairman took some effort, but it ended in a success.”
“So it was you–?”
Chris tearfully pestered me as I nodded and crossed my arms as if I did a good thing.
“Why? You’re so afraid of trouble, so why’d you make things so troublesome? In this case, I’ve got no choice but to leave aside my own festival to help out with senpai’s festival! This is just crazy!”
“No, no. Why’s it a given that you’ll help her? You should just reject her outright.”
Chris became troubled.
“That’s true… But whenever senpai asks for help, I’ll naturally do it… Like cleaning up the mess after your resurrection. Somehow, that became part of my job too…”
“A-About that… Thanks for taking care of me then… But calm down. There are good reasons for this.”
I explained to Chris who was unable to calm down the conversation I had with the chairman, leaving out the parts about being an advisor and its reward.
“That’s roughly what it’s like. Because of the problem with the Demon King’s army, the populace can’t get excited about the festival. So I proposed co-hosting it with the party-loving Axis cultists. This is to let the people forget about the Demon King’s army and fully enjoy the festival.”
“If you put it like that, I can’t object… But are you really the kind of person to think of the citizens?”
“Hey, what are you saying? I’m the kind person who not only defeated countless strong enemies, but is also helping you to find divine relics.”
“S-S-Sorry! I-I didn’t mean it that way…! Hmm. I understand. That should be fine. Senpai probably won’t be too outrageous… Right?”
“… Leaving that aside for not, co-hosting is merely a one-time experiment. Given Aqua’s personality, just hosting it once should be enough to satisfy her. It should be back to normal next year.”
“Hey, why didn’t you answer about her being outrageous? Is it r-really okay? … And will my celebration be cancelled next year if the Axis Cult’s festival’s grander? … No. I-It’s not like I want to be honored in a festival, okay?”
Chris was worried about the festival next year, saying troublesome things like Aqua.
Were all the goddesses like this?
“Let’s leave this for now. The important thing is… Have you found the divine relic yet?”
“Yes. I found the location. But it’s being kept in a rather difficult place. The current owner’s a noble named Undine. This person has a hobby of collecting strange items.”
A noble who collects strange items.
Because all the nobles I met so far were like that, my impression of nobles in general was set in stone.
“If the other party’s a noble, maybe we could ask Darkness for help? Use the authority of Darkness’s family to make things easier…”
“No way. Undine probably used illegal methods to acquire this divine relic, so he’ll definitely deny it. He’s a noble known for using unscrupulous methods to get what he wants. Even if Darkness negotiates with him, he’ll end it with a simple ‘I didn’t know such a thing existed.’”
Truly, the nobles in my mind were all rotten.
I didn’t know whether the so-called illegal method was blackmail or theft.
But if he was like that, then we can use illegal methods ourselves.
“Then, it’s going to be that, Big Boss?”
“Yes. It’ll be that, Assistant-kun.”
It seems like I’ll have to break out that mask again.
– After scouting out the noble’s mansion, I was thinking about how to infiltrate as I returned home.
Aqua, who came back first, was making a scene.
“Darkness! Please. I’ll help you to lecture him when Kazuma returns, so please come out of the toilet! I’ll be troubled if you stay in there, ! The toilet on the second floor is jammed because someone didn’t clean it properly! I beg you, come out! Come out already!”
Aqua was banging on the door of the first floor toilet.
It seemed Darkness locked herself inside.
“I’m back. Hey, what’s going on? What’s this about lecturing me?”
From the way Megumin lay on the sofa in the guest hall, she seemed to have used Explosion magic in Aqua’s company.
“Hey, you damn NEET! It’s your fault for spreading Darkness’s shameful secrets. Darkness was crying when she returned! ‘Young Lady Lalatina, is it true that your abs have six packs?’, ‘Young Lady Lalatina, is it true that your groom ran away?’, ‘Young Lady Lalatina is so pretty, so men will still want her even if she’s a used woman,’ and such. She said that every adventurer she met said such things! I say, come out already, Darkness. You can definitely find a new groom! I won’t call you a used woman anymore! Please don’t be angry!”
Aqua who couldn’t read the mood shouted such things, uncertain whether she was trying to persuade Darkness to come out or to continue to stay in the toilet.
“Hey Darkness. You’re causing trouble for everyone, so come out quickly. When I infiltrated into the Dustiness mansion and said that I would reveal your shameful secrets, you replied that I could do whatever I want. But never mind. Consider it my fault, Lalatina.”
The toilet door resounded with a bang as if something just pounded on it.
Lalatina had stopped crying and was currently angry.
She didn’t respond to Aqua’s shouts. She ignored me for some time.
But if she continued to stay in the toilet, it’d be very troublesome.
“I know I’m at fault, but you’re partly responsible, too. It takes two hands to clap. I apologize, okay? Let’s make up… I can find a random place to solve it, so it’s not a big problem. But if you don’t come out, Aqua will be in trouble. Don’t be angry anymore.”
“A goddess doesn’t use the toilet, so there’s no trouble! The toilet on the first floor’s my responsibility! If Darkness doesn’t come out, I can’t clean it! There’s no other reason! So come out already!”
Aqua uncomfortably shouted.
I felt like letting Aqua hold it in for a while, but I remembered it was my responsibility to clean the second floor toilet.
It’d be bothersome if Aqua pestered me on this point, so I gave Darkness my ultimatum.
“Hey Darkness. We’ve known each other for some time now, so you should understand me. If you don’t come out of the toilet, I’ll make you cry and beg me to stop.”
A chuckle was heard from inside the toilet.
Darkness, who had been silent so far, said:
“You too. After knowing me for so long, you should know that most things will just be pleasurable to me. Are you going to attack me with vicious words? I control the toilet. No matter what you say, if I cover my ears and endure it, you’ll be the one who’s disadvantaged. The Dustiness Clan has always been good at enduring things… Let’s compete for endurance! I’ll stay here until you apologize and say, ‘Lady Dustiness, please forgive me!’”
…… ……
Hearing this, I moved the heavy table in the guest hall to block the toilet door.
The toilet was located in the corridor next to the guest hall.
The table was as wide as the corridor, so it completely blocked the door.
I whispered something to Aqua and left the area.
Aqua watched me leave and shouted at the door.
“Hey Darkness. Kazuma said he’s going to ransack your room and satisfy his desires on your bed, then he left.”
The loud sound of someone collapsing was heard inside the toilet.
Then, as if she was trying to open the door, there was a sound of the door hitting the table.
I ignored these noises and climbed the stairs to the second floor…
Behind me, there were repeated sounds of the door slamming against the table. Darkness yelled at me:
“Kazuma! Stop! Stop, despicable man! Hey, stop! St…! You’re joking, right? Aqua! Kazuma’s actually still there, right? Megumin! Kazuma’s still outside, right?”
Darkness’s voice became uneasy and sounded tearful.
Megumin was resting on the sofa in exhaustion, yet she was still caressing Emperor Zell, currently sleeping in Vanir’s empty shell. Both Megumin and Aqua replied:
“He isn’t here.” x2
“Kazuma, I was wrong! It’s my fault…! Hey, let me out. I can’t come out! Aqua, Megumin, let me out! Kazuma, I’m sorry, I apologize! Sorry! Please forgive me, Kazuma-sama!”
– A while later.
“… Ugh. My favorite underwear has been…”
“… Uh, what happened to Darkness after that?”
We were eating dinner together and discussing our future plans.
“If you want to know, ask Darkness for details. Aqua, I got the festival permit for you, so can you settle the rest?”
“Of course. There won’t be any problem once I get the permit, so leave the rest to me. I have my own plans.”
Since I got the permit from the merchant district chairman, I’ll dump everything else on Aqua.
I still felt a bit uneasy, but since I wasn’t an Axis cultist, there was no need for me to get involved.
My goal was to make the festival grander by letting the Eris Church and the Axis Cult compete with each other.
I’d fanned the enthusiasm to this point, so they could motivate themselves after this.
Fight… Fight hard…!
“Hey Kazuma. How’d you get the festival permit?”
“Fig… Oh, the merchant district chairman said that letting the Eris Church and the Axis Cult co-host the festival will make it grander than before.”
“The permit was really granted, huh? How did…? No. It was you after all. You must’ve used some underhanded methods, so I won’t inquire further. Ah. Why’d this happen when I’m acting as lord…?”
Darkness said and sighed, eating her pasta.
“Hmm…? This pasta’s tasty. Or rather, today’s food is good. Although it isn’t up to the standard of my House’s chef, it’s good enough to sell in shops. Who cooked the dishes today?”
“Me… Oh right. You probably didn’t know because you were in the mess with the previous lord at that time. I learned Cooking. You see, I won’t have to worry about money now, so I’m thinking of living casually from now on. Compared to skills that are useful only while adventuring, aren’t these skills that can improve my lifestyle much better?”
Darkness said with a pained expression:
“Y-You…? When you were learning the escape skill, I already had a bad premonition. What are you trying to become? … Usually, only chefs will learn the Cooking skill.”
Even if you say that–
Thereafter, Aqua went to the Axis Cult Church every day to prepare for the festival. The days were peaceful for some time.
Then, on a certain peaceful night, a few hours before daybreak.
Chris and I stood before our target, Undine’s mansion.
“Assistant-kun, why’d you choose this time? Wouldn’t a bit earlier be better?”
“People tend to be deep in sleep at this time. When a person has just fallen asleep, a bit of noise can wake him up. When living with my family at home, this is the best time to sneak downstairs for snacks. This is the wisdom I gained from my lifestyle.”
At the moment, we weren’t Kazuma and Chris, but the Silver Haired Thieving Band’s Assistant-kun and Big Boss.
Wearing that mask and black clothes, I carried a large sack on my back.
There was an overcast sky today.
Without the light of the stars or moon, the surroundings was cloaked in darkness.
“I don’t want to criticize you anymore… Then, what are you carrying? What’s inside the sack?”
Chris was somewhat interested in the thing on my back.
I was carrying the material to absorb the sound of crashing objects.
It was the bubble wrap I created through experiments.
The first prototype was ruined by a certain girl who was sick in the head, but I made the second and third prototypes after that.
After all, we were after a suit of armor.
If we just carried it off, it’d cause enough noise to wake people up.
After hearing my explanation, Chris widened her eyes in admiration.
“I see… Assistant-kun, this bubble wrap is available in Japan, right? The one you pinch for fun…? Say, can I–”
“No, you can’t pinch it. It’s very troublesome to make. Let’s hurry.”
– We went to the mansion while it was still dark.
Actually, the difficulty wasn’t high this time.
It was far easier than infiltrating the royal palace. And although Undine was a noble, his family wasn’t famous like Darkness’s family.
The mansion’s front gate had no overnight sentry. It may not even have patrols inside.
I used the night vision of the Farsight skill and flattened myself against the mansion wall.
“I’ve been wondering about it for some time. Big Boss, you’re a goddess too. Don’t you have night vision like Aqua?”
“This body’s merely a disguise for use in the mortal world. Because I didn’t descend directly into the mortal world, I can’t sense devils, undead, and evil. But by the same token, I won’t emit divine aura that attracts undead.”
I see, but at times like this, it could be somewhat inconvenient.
“Then, Big Boss, hold my hand. I’ll lead the way.”
“Assistant-kun, there’s no need to hold hands. When we infiltrated the palace, I could follow without any problem, remeber?”
“What are you saying? There was moonlight then, but there isn’t even starlight tonight. An accident here could be fatal. Don’t underestimate this place just because it’s easier to infiltrate than the palace. Come, give me your hand…”
“Satou Kazuma-san, you’ll receive divine retribution if you sexually harass me, okay? For example, the toilet will be occupied just when your stomach suddenly becomes uncomfortable. Then, when you finally manage to get in, you’ll find that there’s no more toilet paper.”
“I got carried away. Please forgive me.”
This was different from Aqua’s divine retribution. Eris’s divine retribution was no joking matter.
I trembled as I moved along the walls to reach the back gate.
“Let’s just boldly enter today. There’s nobody around anyway. We easily  can do it with the Trap Detection skill and Lockpicking skill. The important issue is after we find the armor. I don’t know how effective the bubble wrap is in reducing the noise…”
“I’ll put my trust in Assistant-kun’s creation. In the worst case scenario, we can break through like we did in the royal palace!”
As if reminiscing about the infiltration back then, Chris smiled happily as she opened the lock.
Now that I thought of it, it was a rather fun time.
At that time, for some reason, I was in extremely high spirits.
“By the way, Assistant-kun’s mask is really cool. You said you bought it from the magic tool shop in this city, right? I’m also quite interested in that masked doll on the sofa in your mansion. After our work’s done, bring me to visit that shop.”
“No problem… But, Big Boss, won’t you argue with the shop assistant? The shop assistant there has a bad relationship with Aqua. They argue every time they meet.”
“I won’t argue. Senpai’s always like that. She argues with everyone…”
Hmm, she said Chris was a disguise. If Vanir met Chris, would he see through her real identity?
It seemed Chris couldn’t use the powers of a goddess in this form. Perhaps they wouldn’t realize each other’s natures even after meeting.
… No, no, no. If they accidentally realized each others’ real identities, they might get in a fight that’ll cause unnecessary trouble. It’ll be better to not let them meet…
“Okay, it’s open. Let’s go, Assistant-kun.”
As expected, there were no patrols in Undine’s mansion.
The crime rate in this city was lower than elsewhere, after all. That was probably one of the reasons.
I led the way in the dark corridor.
We moved in the direction indicated by Chris’s Treasure Detection skill, but…
“Big Boss. Can you not stop every time we find some treasure? Let’s get the divine relic and go home to sleep.”
“Ugh. Yes, I understand. But how should I put this? Whenever I see treasure, my thief’s blood begins to boil… When I consider that an item like this can help a lot of poor children, my hand just…”
Whenever we came across paintings or ornaments along the way, Chris would stop moving.
“Can you please be the chivalrous thief when I’m not around? Besides, there’s definitely more expensive and less bulky items in the vault.”
“That’s true. Assistant-kun, you’re quite familiar with the art of theft… You gained quite a few levels, so you must be near the point where you can change jobs, right? Change jobs to be a thief!”
“My next goal is to live a decadent life, so it’s better to be an adventurer who’s weak but capable of learning different skills. Next, I want to learn the Create Earth Golem skill. I’m wondering if I could use that skill to create a golem to do housework.”
“… You sure like to waste magic and skill points on weird things. Speaking as a goddess, I wish you’d learn some proper skills to prepare to fight the Demon King…”
What are you saying to the person in this world with the highest death count?
– With the help of Chris’s Treasure Detection skill, we finally arrived at a thick door.
At this time, my Trap Detection skill, which was seldom used, responded.
“There seems to be a trap here. Let me see… Oh. It’s an alarm trap… Say, Assistant-kun.”
“I’m not stupid. I won’t repeat the same mistake I made in the palace… R-Really. Don’t look at me like that…”
As Chris disarmed the trap, I used the Enemy Detection skill to see if there was anyone nearby.
“…?”
Not an enemy.
It wasn’t an enemy, but there was a subtle presence in the treasure vault.
And it wasn’t the presence of a human or a monster.
“Okay, trap disarmed! The lock’s also been opened, Assistant-kun!”
Chris said and put her hand on the door.
“Ah. W-Wait, Big Boss. There’s–”
Before I could tell her about the mysterious presence, she opened the door.
“…? What is it, Assistant-kun?”
“Eh?”
There was nobody in the treasure vault.
This could be my imagination, but I still sensed the presence inside.
And there was a mountain of strange items and treasure…
“Assistant-kun! Assistant-kun, look! This is a very expensive item!”
“Hey, Big Boss, that’s cheating. I saw that first!”
I completely forgot about that presence and indulged in sorting the treasure.
“I’ll say it right now. The treasure we steal must be donated away, okay? Even if the other party’s evil, we shouldn’t steal for our own gain…”
“Shh. What’s this super shiny thing? It seems to be worth a good price! Oh, what’s this strangely shaped stone? I remember Aqua’s collecting strange stones. Let’s bring it back as a present for her.”
“… Say, Assistant-kun, are you listening? We can’t do that. We really can’t keep them, okay?”
At this time, I suddenly noticed.
I noticed that although there were a lot of expensive items in this room, the most important one, the armor, was missing.
“Big Boss, I don’t see anything like a divine relic.”
“Eh? Uh, that’s true. But there’s a sense of a divine relic. Why isn’t it here?”
I became interested in the presence I felt earlier and looked in that direction.
In that direction was a wall. There was nothing unnatural there…
“Hmm?”
As I touched along the wall, a portion of it sunk. As if we were in a ninja’s house, the wall swung open.
“A secret door. Not bad, Assistant-kun.”
“After all, I’m confident that my luck is second only to Big Boss’s luck.”
Carefully, we walked into the room beyond the wall.
– In the middle of the room, there was a suit of armor chained down on all sides as if it was being sealed away.
That suit of silvery-white armor seemed like a complete work of art.
There were no joints. Its appearance was a smooth set of full-body armor.
Even for someone like me who isn’t familiar with armor, my heart raced as I looked at that suit. The armor gave a sense of invincibility in terms of equipment.
“This is…”
“This is the Sacred Armor Aigis… The toughest divine relic in this world that will bring its wearer victory.”
We came closer to the armor and reevaluated it.
“Upon closer inspection, there are scratches everywhere.”
Hearing my monologue, Chris emotionally put her hand on the armor.
“… Yes. After all, this is the armor that protected its master against the Demon King’s army. No matter what challenge the armor’s master faced, he never lost to anyone. Right up til the end…”
She seemed to be verifying every small scratch on the armor one by one.
“You were dedicated until your master died of sickness…”
Chris whispered to the armor and gently stroked it.
Ah. At this time, she really looks like a goddess–
While I was thinking and looking at Chris’s profile.
“Hey, boy. Don’t touch me casually.”
A man’s voice suddenly resounded in my mind and broke the solemn mood.
Chris, who was touching the armor, probably heard the voice too.
“Uh. B-Boy? Is that me? No, what’s happening? The voice earlier was you? Sacred Armor Aigis?”
“Oh. What? Not a boy? Then you may touch some more. Let me introduce myself. Pleased to meet you two. My name’s Sacred Armor Aigis. I’m a multi-talented divine relic that can speak and sing. You may call me Aigis-san.”
Hey, what was this talkative divine relic?
This guy was the subtle presence I felt with my Enemy Detection skill.
“Uh… I’m a bit shocked since I’ve never heard that the divine relic could speak. Therefore, Aigis–”
“I told you to call me Aigis-san, brat.”
“I’m not a brat! And why’s a divine relic being so arrogant?”
“Big Boss. We didn’t sneak in here during the middle of the night to argue with an inorganic entity! Let’s complete our objective!”
I stopped Chris, who was arguing and hitting the divine relic’s chest. To complete our primary objective, I took out the luggage on my back.
Chris suddenly looked serious and put her hand on the armor’s chest.
“… Right. Aigis-san. We came here to borrow your power once more. I’ll help you find a new master. That person will come from another world like your previous master. It’ll be someone from a place called Japan, a person destined to save the world!”
Chris said and smiled as if encouraging Aigis…!
“Ah? What are you saying? Why must I do such things even now? Impossible. I’m not willing. Borrowing my power means I have to be an armor to protect the master, right? Are you stupid? Even an armor can feel pain when hit. My cool, shiny body will be damaged! By the way, what’s that so-called master like? Is it someone I can accept?”
Faced with Aigis’s complaints, the smile froze on her face.
“… Uh, although I can’t promise it, the person should be full of righteousness and courage, and very gentle…”
“No, no. The personality doesn’t matter! The important thing is appearance. Appearance! Big tits? Or thin models? If it’s like that previous brat, then forget it. Ah. I prefer cuties to beauties. The previous master was a swordsman, so a swordswoman would be better this time. I hope that person will wear less beneath the armor.”
……
“I say, is this tasteless armor really that important? I think it’s better to let it sink to the bottom of the sea.”
“Assistant-kun, I understand your feelings, but this is a divine relic. Yes, I can understand your feelings, but please bear with it.”
It seemed she still wanted to bring this ridiculous armor back.
I silently brought out the bubble wrap for packing…
“Hmm? Hey, what’s that guy doing? … By the way, who are you people? Did you mention ‘sneak in here during the middle of the night’ earlier?”
Aigis asked me.
“Yes. We’re infiltrators. We’re going to bring you back and hand you over to the master. You’re a divine relic, a sacred armor, right? Then work hard for me.”
Chris watched me work from the side as she touched the chains on Aigis’s body.
“There aren’t many girls sent here from Japan, so it may be hard to meet your requirements. But if a girl comes along, I’ll make you a priority for her…”
At the moment she said that.
Aigis shouted in a loud voice that echoed throughout the mansion–
“Mansnatchers–!!”
I wanted to play the straight-man and scream, “You’re not even human!”
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
It was terrible.
Because of the din made by Aigis, everyone in the house was awake. Chris and I were forced to leave without stealing anything.
Although I believe nobody saw us, we should still be careful since we were criminals.
I returned to the house before dawn. After running everywhere to escape, I calmed down and finally slept…
“Good morning! Hey Kazuma! Good morning, wake up!”
… For one second, before being woken up by someone.
After being interrupted as I was about to sleep, I opened the door and roared angrily.
“What do you want so early in the morning? I didn’t sleep last night, so I was just about to sleep! Keep the noise down!”
This fellow usually slept until about the same time as me. She was up early today. The reason was easy to guess.
“What? Kazuma didn’t sleep? I know why Kazuma didn’t sleep last night.”
I became nervous hearing her sudden statement.
I shouldn’t have been seen by anyone. Did she see me?
How did she even know I went to steal from another’s house?
This fellow may not be a simple idiot.
“Kazuma must be too excited to sleep because of the preparatory work for the festival, right? Don’t worry. This is nothing shameful. It’s a festival after all!”
I was an idiot to suspect this girl.
The excited Aqua opened the curtains and pushed the clothes into my hands. I was still in my pajamas.
“The preparation for the festival can wait until the afternoon. Why are we going in the morning…?”
“What are you saying, Kazuma? We’re adventurers, so we’re going to hunt monsters!”
…?
“Didn’t you say you wanted to prepare for the festival?”
“This is the preparation.”
What was this girl saying?
“Darkness and Megumin are ready! Come, Kazuma, quickly! Or we’ll be late!”
Late?
What was going on?
I put on my clothes and prepared my equipment–
When I opened the doors to the adventurer’s guild, I was stunned.
“… What’s going on? I’ve never seen so many people this early in the morning.”
A lot of adventurers were in front of the quest notice board.
I couldn’t understand at all.
Not long ago, they went with me to hunt the Kowloon Hydra, a large monster with a big bounty.
They should still be quite rich now.
But…
“Anyone who wants to hunt the Lesser Wyverns that nest in the mountains, please come here! We need thieves that can use the Bind skill and archers that can attack flying enemies! The enemies are strong, so naturally the reward is good! There are six more slots!”
“There are a lot of bug monsters in the forest! Because of the large quantity, we need a lot of people. It’s a large scale expedition involving dozens of people! No limit on job and level!”
“A lot of herbivorous monsters appeared in the plains! If they’re left alone, large predators will come to feast on them, so we must exterminate them early. The guild’s currently providing free support supplies! The hunt rewards are also higher than usual! Please join us and make a profit!”
The guild members were moving about the sources of the announcements.
“Hey, what’s going on?”
I asked Aqua out of curiosity.
“If we don’t clear the monsters nearby, the festival can’t go on peacefully, so everyone’s putting in the effort. Unlike the strong monsters that appeared in the winter, weak monsters are most active in the summer. The hunt rewards are also the highest in this season, so it’s a good time to make money for adventurers.”
I see.
But if this was all to it, the people who received the reward for hunting the Hydra could still live leisurely.
… At this time, I noticed a familiar party and walked over to them.
“Hey, you guys are here too? Forget penniless Dust, why are the rest so enthusiastic? You people should still have some money, right?”
It was Dust’s party.
Keith, who was adjusting his bow, tilted his head and said:
“I thought Kazuma would want join the large scale expeditions.”
… Why?
“Yeah. You’re a regular patron of that shop, so it’s a little strange. In this season, male adventurers will leave other matters behind to join large scale expeditions.”
Even Dust, who was sharpening his sword, said this in an unusually serious tone.
“What? You guys are this enthusiastic about the festival?”
“Festival? Well, the female adventurers are indeed hunting monsters to let the festival happen smoothly. After all, many of the female adventurers are Eris cultists. But we’ve got other reasons. The men here want to join the forest monster hunt.”
Forest?
Compared to the forest, isn’t it better to hunt monsters near the city…?
By the way, why’s everyone so motivated? We can live leisurely.
Just as I was about to go back home.
The male staff who was passing out various items to adventurers shouted an encouragement in the noisy guild.
“Everyone, the forest monster hunt is a huge responsibility, so please do your best! It’s up to you whether we can live peacefully during the festival this year! Please eliminate the over-populated monsters…!”
“… Uh, what has living peacefully in the summer got to do with hunting monsters?”
Hearing my question, Aqua replied:
“? Obviously,  it’s because there are too many monsters, so the citizens can’t work in the nearby forest.”
“No. I know that, but this problem isn’t only limited to the forest, right?”
“It’s the cicadas.”
Megumin said with hatred.
Cicadas?
The singing insect that was symbolic of summer existed in this world too?
“Yes. If there are too many monsters in the forest, the cicada catchers can’t do their work. If the catchers stop, the cicadas will fly into the city. We’ll be hosting the festival just as they arrive in this cityl.”
Darkness said with a serious expression.
“So what? Aren’t cicadas the symbol of summer? They stay in the soil for a long time and emerge in summer to end their short lives in songs. Don’t do such unreasonable things just because it’s a bit noisy. That’s human arrogance and I don’t like it… So I’m leaving the cicadas alone. I’ll go home and sleep.”
As I turned to leave, my sleeves were pulled by Darkness and Megumin.
“I forgot, Kazuma isn’t familiar with this country’s common knowledge. Listen, Kazuma. This country’s cicadas are more aggressive than normal. Japanese cicadas live for about one week, but the cicadas here, being full of life and magic power, live for about a month.”
Aqua crossed her arms and said.
Even if you said so…
“You just wanted an explanation of the negative aspects of cicadas, right? For example, it may pee while flying about, making the place stink. Cicadas have to pee anyway. And you said its lifespan is just one month? Leave it alone.”
Megumin and Darkness looked at each other, as if saying, “Are you serious?”
“I say, Kazuma. There are two main differences between the Japanese cicadas and the cicadas here. Firstly, the cicadas’ songs are very loud. Probably a few times louder than the Japanese cicadas.”
That annoying song amplified a few times…
That was somewhat annoying…
“And… The cicadas sing without stopping, even at night.”
Yeah, that’d be super annoying!
– In the forest near the city.
“Then, frontline fighters who are confident in their defenses, please apply this oil to attract monsters. Everyone, listen. Although the enemies are weak and small insects, the quantity is staggering, so don’t be reckless!”
The guild staff who was leading the adventurers said with a megaphone.
The quest this time was considered a large scale expedition.
Because there were too many monsters, a single party couldn’t complete it, so the guild staff organized such a large group.
The staff usually wouldn’t leave the guild to come to the scene, but they would do so if a leader was needed, such as right now.
Adventurers tended to be carefree and lack coordination. Without a guild staff, there might be internal disputes.
For example–
“As the acting lord, I’ll attract all the monsters! That’s right. It’s my duty to protect the citizens! Give me all the oil!”
“No. We only want to attract monsters. If you apply too much, not just the monsters, even other creatures will attack you.”
“I-I hope so!”
– This girl.
“Hey pervert, don’t make trouble for the guild staff! You just need to defend our party members!”
“Ah! The monsters are very enthusiastic in the summer! Please Kazuma, the request of my life…!”
I dragged Darkness away while she was troubling the staff to give her all the oil.
There were a total of more than 30 adventurers in this expedition, including us.
Most were parties consisting of four or five members.
Among them, the frontline people with powerful builds applied the oil.
Darkness also applied her portion of the oil on herself…
“… Hey you… Didn’t you hear what the staff just said…?”
Darkness seemed to have taken an extra bottle of oil from the staff and was currently applying it on herself.
In response to my helpless complaint, Darkness said:
“Ha. You usually say that I’m useless, so now’s the time I prove my worth. A Crusader is a meat shield, so let me take on everything. You seem exceptionally motivated today, so do your part without reservation, and leave the defense to me.!”
Perhaps because she hadn’t done a quest for a long time, Darkness smiled bravely and said such cool words excitedly.
“Of course. This is to let everyone in the city sleep well. I’ll exterminate the evil monsters and the cicadas. I’m different today. Watch closely!”
Hearing the nature of the cicadas in this world, I finally understood why the male adventurers were so motivated.
Cicadas.
Correct. If we can’t sleep because of the cicadas’ songs, the shop which provides people with amazing dreams will be meaningless.
And it must be endured for an entire month.
Perhaps motivated by Darkness and I–
“Both of you are very excited, but I’ll be the one who kills the most number of monsters. Kazuma, please watch me!”
– Megumin smiled confidently as if she wanted to compete with us.
Then naturally…
“…? What is it? Why are you looking at me?”
“Eh? …Uh, nothing. I thought you’d be the first to get carried away and cause all kinds of trouble.”
I said to Aqua, who was unusually reserved.
“You. What do you take me for? I can learn too. You people who get carried away will definitely fall during the fight… My vast wisdom has seen through it all– Pride precedes a fall.”
“?”
I couldn’t believe my ears.
Aqua, she…
Aqua, who messed up everything she did, who attracted undead even without doing anything, actually…!
Witnessing Aqua’s growth, I couldn’t help but cry…
“? W-What? Hey. Why are you crying, Kazuma?”
I stopped looking at her, who was asking worriedly. I covered my face, lowered my head, and indulged in my sentiments.
Perhaps because they didn’t hear our conversation, Megumin and Darkness looked at us in puzzlement.
“Adventurers! The first wave of monsters is coming! A vast amount of insecticide has been prepared here. It’s up to you, everyone!”
At this time, the staff shouted–
Insect monsters approached.
They emitted loud buzzing noises as they charged toward the people who applied the oil.
“Ugh! Wait…! There are too many. Some support please!”
A certain frontline adventurer shouted.
He was surrounded by a mob of flying rhinoceros beetles, each the size of a small dog.
Although they were only the size of a small dog, it was enough to overwhelm him.
I heard that the horn of a flying rhinoceros beetle could smash the front window of a moving car.
Then this world’s rhinoceros beetles must be bad news, even if they were just living out their lives.
As I thought and watched the flying rhinoceros beetles, they went with the momentum–
As they continuously turned their bodies, their horns moved in a twisting motion and struck…
“Wah!”
An adventurer was hit hard in the belly and cried out.
I heard the sharp noise of metal being struck.
On the belly of the adventurer wearing metal armor…
“Ah, it hurts! Damn. It’s shallow, but my belly’s been pierced! Be careful! Weaker armors will be ruined!”
The rhinoceros beetle deeply pierced the armor of the adventurer who was screaming and crying.
They were too aggressive!
The other adventurers helped to remove the beetle from the armor.
At the same time, the wounded adventurer’s body started to glow.
“Ugh…? … Oh. Healing magic!”
The adventurer exclaimed as his injury vanished. It must be Aqua’s healing magic.
Then, the adventurers acting as meat shields started to glow one by one.
Aqua used various kinds of support magic on the adventurers everywhere.
What was up with Aqua today? Why was she suddenly so reliable…?
At the moment when I was surprised and moved.
“Twenty! I can take on twenty of them! Come on! Bring them on!”
In the midst of the frontline adventurers who were blocking the flying monsters, my party’s crusader attracted the most enemies and was shouting happily.
As mentioned before, Darkness was really cool and reliable today.
My companions were unexpectedly active.
Then I couldn’t carry on like this either.
I held the insecticide provided by the guild in my hands. It was like a small water gun that was made of bamboo.
I sprayed at the insect monster flying toward me.
The other adventurers also started spraying to protect the frontline meat shields.
There were more than just rhinoceros beetles. There were also mantises, stag beetles, and a lot of other insects. They were all huge.
Even if they were insects, they were still considered monsters.
There were wounded adventurers everywhere, but Aqua was busy healing them.
And she did this silently without bragging or complaining.
As I prepared to protect Aqua by spraying insecticide, someone pulled on my sleeve.
“Is it not time yet? Kazuma, is it still not time for my grand entrance?”
Watching everyone perform actively, Megumin couldn’t wait to use Explosion magic.
I knew she wanted very much to take action, but…
“Sorry, you shouldn’t take action this time. After all, this is a forest. If you use magic, the surrounding trees will be destroyed, so you should rest today–”
“Explosion–!!”
She purposely prevented me from finishing my sentence by suddenly roaring out her spell.
At a point in mid-air above our location in the forest.
A blinding flash of light and a roaring noise occurred.
After the destructive winds passed, all that was left were Darkness and the other adventurers on the ground.
The small insect monsters couldn’t withstand the powerful shockwave and were all motionless on the ground.
There was painful groaning everywhere. It seemed only Aqua barely avoided the attack. She was desperately healing the people on the ground.
Megumin, who was lying next to me, said softly:
“I leveled.”
“Idiot!”
I got up angrily and pulled up Megumin, who was still indulging in self-satisfaction.
“Why did you do this even after I said no? Look at this tragedy! You better apologize to everyone!”
“This is because Kazuma said I won’t get a chance to act! Besides, every adventurer in this city’s already used to Explosion magic. There’s no problem!”
The truth was exactly like what Megumin shamelessly said. The adventurers stood up as if nothing had happened, without a single word of complaint.
These people were really…
As I walked toward everyone, Darkness attempted to get up. But she was struggling since her armor was too heavy.
When she was about to stand up–
“… What’s going on? My body feels itchy.”
She tilted her head, puzzled…
I looked closely at Darkness’s armor and backed away a few steps in shock.
“Hey, you…! Your armor! Ants are swarming over it!”
A large swarm of ants was surrounding Darkness.
It must be because she ignored the staff’s instruction and applied too much monster-attracting oil.
Surrounded by ants, Darkness retreated and looked at Aqua and me.
“Ah…! Wait Kazuma, please! It itches! They’ve gotten inside the armor! Create some water for me…!”
Unable to scratch through the armor and unable to remove the armor easily, Darkness struggled and wailed.
I ignored her because it was too troublesome. Plus, she was just reaping what she sowed.
Finally, as if already used to the ridiculous behaviors of adventurers, the staff stood up without complaining.
“Everyone, well done. Then, the second wave should be arriving soon…”
… Second wave?
As the staff said that casually, the loud buzzing noise of insects was heard.
All the insects in the trees were enraged probably because the blast and shockwave of Explosion magic that shook the entire forest.
“… This isn’t good.”
“Wah! Kazuma! I’ve got a bad premonition!”
Aqua, who was strangely well-behaved this time, shouted with a worried expression.
The bad premonition came true. Because their homes were destroyed, a few hundred angry insects flew over…!
“Retreat! Retreat!”
Hearing my command, the staff and the adventurers scattered.
“– Ugh… Boohoo… I worked hard this time… Even though I didn’t get carried away and worked really hard…”
On the road back with the guild staff and the other adventurers.
After being attacked by insects, Aqua was crying with her hair in a mess. I brought her along and sighed deeply.
I also carried Megumin, who was happy about killing a lot of monsters with Explosion magic, on my back.
Although the other adventurers were made to face that final danger, a lot of monsters were safely taken care of.
The rich reward was to be divided among everyone, so they were very happy too.
Then–
“Ugh… Grrr… Ha… Ha… Kazuma… K-Kazuma… This is a new feeling… This feeling’s really refreshing…”
Darkness blushed and said these stupid words. It seemed there were still a lot of ants inside her armor. At first, she was shouting and crying about it being painful and itchy, but now she was in ecstasy.
Why did I waste my entire fortune to rescue this pervert back then?
After that, our daily life was busy and fulfilling.
We hunted monsters in the morning and prepared for the festival in the afternoon.
Normally, I wouldn’t be motivated to hunt monsters on my own. But because of that shop… No, because of the upcoming festival, I didn’t get too fed up with it.
Was a hikikomori like me secretly interested in school activities like the cultural festival?
I participated in the merchant district committee almost daily and made a lot of suggestions on the basis of making this festival a success.
Another week to the festival.
“– As a means to increase sales of various stalls, I suggest every stall should make their poster girls wear swimsuits!!”
As the advisor, I slammed on the table and put forth my suggestion.
“This idea is great! It’s great, but, if it gets carried away, the police will intervene, right?”
“How can anyone enjoy the festival with the fear of police intervention? The advisor’s suggestion will definitely increase sales! What kind of merchant wouldn’t do it when he knows it’ll be profitable?!”
“No. The chairman’s concern’s reasonable. If we focus only on the present profit, we may lose the profits of the festivals in the future… Damn. If only there was a proper excuse for poster girls to wear swimsuits…”
The chairman was in a dilemma.
The committee members were troubled.
I looked at them and proposed my secret plan.
“I’ve got a plan.”
Hearing this, the mood in the committee room changed.
“What?”
“Advisor, what’s this plan?”
I looked at them and said:
“This year’s festival name includes ‘Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving’. That’s right. The festival banner includes the name of the goddess of water.”
Everyone present seemed to be sobering up.
“Since it’s the festival of the goddess of water, let the poster girls wear swimsuits to play at water fights. It won’t be a problem if we say, ‘This costume is appropriate for playing with water!’ And besides, the festival’s held during the hottest time of the year. Then, this can be a way to prevent heat stroke. If the police intervene, we can counter with, ‘If someone collapses because of heat stroke, will you take responsibility?’ The police aren’t used to handling ‘responsibility’ so they’ll shut up.”
“Genius! Advisor, you’re practically a genius!”
“Please help out my shop after the festival!”
The sound of applause echoed in the committee room.
“– Hey Kazuma. The festival committee submitted a ‘Heat Stroke Prevention and Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival Summary’. You’re a committee member, right? Then this…”
“Yes. Because the day of the festival will be very hot. To prevent heat stroke, we decided to host water fight events everywhere. Thus, the usual clothes worn by the poster girls will be inappropriate. If they get wet from the water fights, their underwear will be exposed. Swimsuits will allow for them to play without reservations. Because I didn’t have the opportunity to participate in such festivals in my country, I want to let this festival be successful…”
“I-Is that so? Sorry, I misunderstood. In that case, it’s fine. I agree. The first summer festival we spend together must be successful.”
Thus, the politically inexperienced temporary lord Darkness agreed to my plan.
– Three days to the start of the festival.
My position as the advisor wasn’t without difficulties.
Sometimes, I’d argue with the committee members.
“Detonation magic users have gone to the capital as reinforcements against the Demon King’s army. Thus, there isn’t enough firepower for this year’s fireworks display. I’m afraid we have to cancel it.”
Hearing this, I retorted.
“Idiot! We can’t cancel the fireworks display. What are you thinking? Aren’t fireworks always accompanied by people in yukatas? What’s the point of the festival if you don’t get to see people in yukatas?”
“Advisor, please calm down! Are ‘yukatas’ referring to that clothing from a faraway country?”
“Isn’t it just a fireworks display and yukatas? What’s the big deal?”
“I understand our advisor’s full of anticipation for yukatas. I heard that it’s indeed conventional to wear a yukata during a fireworks display. But if there is no Detonation magic user, what can we do? I don’t know if we can find a Blast magic user…”
“Everyone should know how pathetic the fireworks are when made with Fireball magic…”
I looked at everyone and brought out my secret plan.
“I’ve got a plan. One of my companions can use Explosion magic–”
“Rejected! The festival itself will be destroyed!”
“I want to retract what I said earlier about you being a genius! You’re an idiot!”
“We shouldn’t have let this man be our advisor. We must’ve been possessed…”
My suggestion wasn’t effective, the committee members complained.
I grabbed the collar of the chairman next to me.
“What are you saying, you fool? You should resign as the chairman! Firework displays are romantic! It’s a necessary event for the summer! You get to watch fireworks with girls in yukatas! And nonchalantly hold their hands! There’s no point to the event if there are no fireworks!”
“You damn brat! In that case, you provide a plausible suggestion! Ah, what’s with your hand? Is it really okay for an adventurer to use violence against a commoner?”
“Kill him! This upstart adventurer isn’t capable! Everyone gang up on him!”
* * *
“– ‘Detonation Magic Potion Permit Application’…? Hey Kazuma. Why do you need this thing? Isn’t it dangerous? And… Why are you hurt all over?”
“This magic potion is necessary for the festival. I’m shouldering everyone’s will to not let this festival fail.”
“Uh, hmm. You look so serious. I guess it must be true, I understand. Permit granted. Still– Why are you hurt?”
“A man has things that he must protect at all costs. These wounds are my proof of manhood in protecting what must absolutely be protected.”
“I-Is that so? I understand, I won’t ask further. I feel it’s better not to do so.”
I kept on convincing the indecisive Darkness and spent my days busy with preparing for the festival.
I never participated in the cultural festivals during middle school.
This was my willfulness to make up for the school life that I missed out on.
Honestly, the reward for being an advisor wasn’t important.
I turned my back on Darkness, who was still somewhat uneasy, and walked toward my own room.
I prayed that the festival will proceed smoothly.
From the start of the festival, there was still…
– The festival will start tomorrow. Today was the last committee meeting.
To complete my last mission as the consultant, I shared my remaining awesome suggestions with my associates in this short time.
“In my country, there’s a place called Asakusa. Every year, the festival in Asakusa includes a Samba carnival which parades sensuous women on the streets…”
“Stop lying. What kind of festival is that? You just made it up! You’re just a horny brat!”
“Previously, you mentioned a festival whereby women sit on huge phallic objects that are carried around like sedan chairs! Such ridiculous festivals are impossible!”
I slammed the table and vigorously retorted.
“Everything I said is true! Don’t treat me as if I’m crying wolf! Anyway, the Eris Festival’s too rustic! What’s with everyone going to the Eris Church to offer prayers? Isn’t there anything else to do? For example, having both sides carry their mikoshi and oppose each other.”
“A festival’s sacred by nature. The kinds of festivals in your mind are ridiculous!”
“Making money is important, but if we do that, it feels like something important will be lost!”
“Your suggestions are too blunt! It’s not that there can’t be erotic elements, but can’t they be a bit subtler?”
* * *
Then, at night.
This type of conversation with Darkness was becoming a habit…
“– Hey Kazuma. Can I have a moment of your time?”
“What is it?”
“I completely can’t understand the purpose of this ‘costume parade’.”
I knew she’d ask this question.
“Goddess Eris will descend into this world in disguise and act on her own. Have you heard of this legend?”
“Oh, yes… This is a popular legend among Eris cultists. Thus, every year at this time, a lot of people in the city will dress up as Eris-sama so she can enjoy the festival in her true form. When the real thing’s mixed up with the fakes, Eris-sama won’t be so noticeable.”
Oh. I thought it was purely for cosplay, but it seemed there was a deeper reason.
“This event is to accommodate with the tradition you mentioned. It’s not restricted to dressing up as Eris-sama. One can dress up as a hero, a princess, or Goddess Aqua. In my country, there’s a festival called Comiket, which features all kinds of costumes.”
“I-Is it? Uh, I think I understand the purpose of this event. But… But this is a festival to praise the goddesses, so… Isn’t the permit to dress up as a succubus inappropriate…”
“What are you saying? This is a rare festival. It’s not just the goddesses who want to relax in their true forms. Don’t worry, just make an exception for this festival. It’s just a few sensuous onee-sans walking the streets, it won’t hurt.”
“Even if you say so… Uh? Wait. What did you just say? The way you said it sounds like there will be non-divine entities infiltrating the city…”
“Fine, fine. Don’t worry. Just stamp the seal! This is the dream of all male adventurers! And the onee-sans agreed that if this proposal is approved, they’ll be willing to really dress up as succubi!”
“Who are these ‘onee-sans’ you mentioned? By the way, why are you so persistent? I get it, I get it! To think that there are women who want to dress up like that. Who are these people…?”
In this manner, although it was busy and messy, the preparation for the festival proceeded smoothly.
Finally, the day came.
“Citizens of Axel, are you ready for this long-awaited day? I officially announce the start of the Goddess Eris & Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival!”
“Whoa!!”
The announcement through the broadcast magic item echoed throughout the city.
At the same time, various kinds of magic were fired into the sky to celebrate the start of the festival. The ground roared with similarly loud cheers.
“It’s already morning…”
Today’s the first day of the festival.
I was playing the games brought back by Aqua from the Crimson Demon Village since last night as a reward for my hard work over the past few days. I realized it was morning after hearing the announcement from outside.
I was hungry, so I went downstairs for food. I found Megumin eating breakfast alone.
“Good morning, Kazuma. Everyone got up early today, including Aqua and Darkness.”
“No, I didn’t get up early. I was playing games all night. By the way, those two are up? I don’t see them. Where’d they go?”
“Aqua was too excited to sleep last night, so she went out at dawn.”
She was like a kid who couldn’t sleep in anticipation of an excursion.
“After I told Darkness that Aqua was gone, Darkness rushed out as well, saying she wants to keep an eye on Axis Cult so they won’t do anything stupid.”
“That girl sure is busy after becoming the temporary lord. Megumin, are you going to the festival?”
“No. I intend to visit Yunyun, who’s probably about to cry over the fact that she has nobody to go to the festival with. I’ll walk around before her, but I won’t invite her along, so I can mess with her feelings. Kazuma, want to come along?”
“Y-You’re… Just go with her to the festival. I’ll take a short nap until evening, then I’ll visit the festive stalls.”
“I don’t think that can be considered a short nap anymore… By the way, Kazuma, are you free on the third night of the festival?”
After finishing her breakfast, Megumin casually said as she drank her tea.
“The third day? I’ll probably be roaming around, visiting the stalls or something. Why?”
“Nothing. There’s a fireworks display on the third day. Since the festival’s held in conjunction with Axis cultists, I’m not sure if we can get to the third day safely. Then again, I can’t be sure that there’ll definitely be an accident… If it’s all good, do you want to watch the fireworks with me?”
Megumin said and took her tableware into the kitchen without waiting for my reply.
… There’s going to be fireworks.
Going to the festival and watching fireworks with a girl.
What was this? Has my youth arrived?!
– In the evening of the same day.
Because of the unexpected fireworks event, I couldn’t sleep well. When I noticed the extraordinary bustle of the town, I got cold feet.
The crowd was the natural enemy of a hikikomori.
There were a lot of people once I came close to the shopping district.
A huge banner was hanging at the entrance. The banner displayed ‘Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival’ in large font.
And ‘Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival’ in small font, squeezed in along the sides.
I should visit the area managed by the Axis Cult first to get a handle on the situation.
The sky was completely dark and the street lamps were lit.
The merchant district was much livelier than usual, full of adventurers, commoners, and merchants–all kinds of people.
Small stalls and shops were everywhere; the entire district was engulfed in noise.
I hope the area managed by Aqua will be as popular.
And my worries came true. There seemed to be a disturbance in the area where Aqua was to set up stalls.
“You can’t sell these things without a permit! Why do you Axis cultists always make trouble?”
“What do you mean by ‘these things’? This is the stall carefully planned by Aqua-sama. How dare you insult it!”
The one arguing was Cecily.
She was arguing with the policeman who was patrolling the festival.
“Hey, what are you doing? I asked you people to get enthusiastic, not to get into an argument! You make trouble for the police the moment I take my eyes off you. Must you people always be like that?”
“Oh, good! Listen, Kazuma-san. This guy’s picking on us to disrupt our business!”
“I’m not picking on anyone! It’s simply not permitted for you to sell these things!”
What were they arguing about?
I looked at the stall. There were a lot of tadpoles in a basin full of water.
“… What the hell is this?”
Those tadpoles were a bit too big.
At this time.
“Aqua-sama said that there should be goldfish scooping in a festival. I’m not familiar with goldfish scooping, but I still did my best to recreate the scene. Since it’s difficult to find wild goldfish, I used tadpoles as a substitute…”
Cecily said and looked at me as if wanting me to help her out.
No. Why’d anyone want to scoop this?
By the way, aren’t these…
“Hey, aren’t these tadpoles a bit too big? Are these really tadpoles?”
As if answering my suspicion–
“In any case, it’s forbidden to sell the young of Giant Frogs in this place! These things will grow huge in a very short time! If the kids buy them, the city will be covered in Giant Frogs in a few months! How will you compensate for that?”
“Hey, spray some pesticide in here, quickly.”
Hearing the policeman’s words, I decided to get rid of these things. Cecily hurriedly stopped me.
“Stop! Don’t ruin my shop! Aqua-sama said that Kazuma-san would feel nostalgic and be very happy! You should like goldfish scooping, right?!”
“Yes, I like scooping goldfish! But who’d want to scoop these unlovable things? Casually releasing them will cause trouble. If you don’t want them killed, take them far away! You people said I could leave it to you once the permit is granted. Now look at this!”
Cecily chuckled at my words.
“Did you think there’s only one stall that the Axis Cult can be proud of? For this festival, all the Axis cultists in the city gathered and thought of many creative things!”
Cecily pointed in front to over 30 different stalls.
There were actually other Axis cultists besides Cecily in this city. This reminded me of a certain organism which was said to have an entire nest present if merely one individual was seen.
There were quite a few window shoppers; it was quite lively.
I felt relieved for a moment that these people really worked hard, but I suddenly noticed something wrong with these stalls–
“A string of roasted kraken! This is made from a young kraken. Rare and special roasted kraken! Very delicious!”
“Hey, isn’t this just an ordinary squid? It’s no different from the taste of a squid…”
“What are you saying? Have you eaten a real kraken before? The Axis Cult can guarantee that this is definitely a roasted kraken!”
There was a onee-san selling squid as the so-called kraken.
“Come and visit the Amazing Hut! Currently exhibiting the rare hybrid offspring of a fish-man and a mermaid! Caught by brave Axis cultists… Ah! Customer, please don’t get crazy in the hut!”
“This is nonsense! Return my money, bastard! That’s is just a big fish inside a tank!”
“I’ve said already. This is the hybrid offspring of a fish-man and a mermaid!”
… There was a problem with the Amazing Hut the instant a customer entered.
“Come and play the shooting game! There’s a grand prize for anyone who can hit the target between the eyes…”
“Hey, the shooting target looks like Eris-sama! Stop this blasphemy against Eris-sama!”
“Ugh. Eris cultists attempt to disrupt us on the first day of the festival! Police! Over here! Arrest those Eris cultists… Ah, what are you doing? I didn’t ask you over to close my shop. I want you to arrest those Eris cultists…!”
… And someone whose shop was being closed down by the police.
Finally–
“Onee-san, is that a real dragon?”
“Yes. Of course, it’s a dragon. The Axis Cult’s currently operating dragon-rearing ranches. One for only 500 eris. Come, buy one.”
And a fool who caught a lizard from somewhere painted it with vibrant colors and planned to cheat kids of their money.
“Eh… 500 eris’s all of my pocket money. If I buy it, I won’t be able to buy other things. No thanks. Anyway, it looks like a lizard…”
“Is it? How regrettable. But if it’s like this, these children won’t be sold. Of course, unsold dragons can’t simply be released into the wild. They’re dangerous, after all. I can only send them to animal shelters… But if they can’t find owners there, they’ll eventually be put to death…”
The kid became anxious because of that fool’s lies.
“W-Why’s it like that? Th-This is a lizard, right? Just releasing it will be fine.”
“What are you saying? This is a trueborn dragon! Hey, are you buying? Is it really okay not to buy it?”
That fool continued to pester and blackmail the kid who was about to cry.
“Ugh… B-But if I buy it, my pocket money will…”
“So you’re not buying? Then you’ll definitely regret it! These poor dragons are destined to be sent to the animal shelters!”
“If you keep fooling around, I’ll send your chick to the animal shelter! How can you bully a little kid, you fool!”
I slapped Aqua on the back of her head.
“Because you were scammed into buying the so-called dragon egg, you intend to mass produce similar victims to take revenge on society?”
“What are you saying, Kazuma? Don’t you know? In the special situation of a festival, a certain amount of profiteering is acceptable! Aren’t Japanese festivals like this? And Emperor Zell’s a real dragon!”
I hugged my head as I dragged Aqua away from selling lizards.
I hadn’t seen any normal stalls so far.
I shouldn’t have left it to them. Aqua and the others were too useless. It was impossible to hope for competition between the two cults.
“This isn’t an ‘acceptable amount’ anymore, you fool! Look. Your area’s not lively at all, and the customers are losing patience with all of you! Darkness said she’ll be coming for inspection. If that rock-headed person sees this tragedy, she won’t permit the Axis Cult to host a festival ever again.”
Hearing this, Aqua finally understood the situation–
“Th-There! Kazuma, there’s a popular stall there! There are definitely no tricks and it’s the most profitable stall!”
She dragged me over to a certain stall.
In the corner of the area managed by the Axis Cult, there was a small stall.
This stall was unexpectedly popular.
… Upon a closer look, I was so surprised that I nearly fell off my feet.
It was Chris, with a darkened expression.
“I saw Chris idly strolling around, so I grabbed her to man the stall!”
What was she doing? Seriously.
Why was the goddess of the Eris Church manning a stall for the Axis Cult?
Chris sat there, hugging her knees. With spiritless eyes, she waved at us.
This stall was running lotteries.
“Hey, again! Please, once more!”
“Wait, let me go first! I’ve spent a lot of money here already!”
If you drew the winning lot, you’d get twice the money you bet.
This was a simple stall with no schemes. But there was an unusual amount of people, and somehow everyone was obsessed.
A male customer handed over eris coins and drew one of the three lots in Chris’s hands.
He opened it nervously…
“Damn. Lost again! Hey, show me the other two lots!!”
Chris obeyed and opened her hands to show the other two lots.
“You win” was written on both of them.
Ah, so only one in three lots will result in a loss.
Normally, a losing rate of one in three was beneficial to the customers.
But…
“Fine. I’ll win this time! Since I don’t see any cheats, I should win soon!”
“I don’t sense any trace of blessing magic, so why do we always lose…? Hey, stop playing.”
“Once more! It’s fine if I don’t recover my losses. I’ll be satisfied if I win once! I won’t accept this pathetic record of not winning even once!”
The rules were obviously biased toward the customers, yet they kept losing until they were too hot-headed to leave.
It wasn’t that you were weak. Your opponent was just too strong. After all, this girl was…
“Okay. Just this time! Goddess of luck, Eris-sama! Please let me win! Or I’ll convert to the Axis Cult!”
“Eh? Hey. W-Wait!”
Hearing the man’s words, Chris panicked.
Too late. The man drew his lot…!
“All on this one lot! … Damn it!! I hate Eris-sama the most!”
“D-Don’t!”
After losing again, the man threw the lot away. Chris cried out in distress.
“Well done, Chris. It was worth the effort to beg and coerce you into helping! You didn’t just man the stall, you even converted an Eris cultist! Previously, I found a strangely shaped stone from the Kowloon Hydra’s lake. I’ll give it to you as a present.”
“I don’t want it! Ugh… My precious worshipper…”
What the heck was she doing?
Chris must be here because she couldn’t refuse Aqua’s willful request…
As the traumatized Chris lowered her head, Cecily came over after arguing with the police.
“Aqua-sama, what should we do…? Now that the obsessed customers have left, even the lottery stall… We can only use the tokoroten slime stall recommended by me.”
“Hey, stop selling weird stuff! I’ll think of something for you people.”
Seriously, why’d this happen?
I had no intention to work hard, but now the Axis Cult couldn’t compete with the Eris Church.
Forget about making the festival livelier. If this carries on, they’ll perish.
In the area managed by the Eris Church, the stalls were selling various goods at decent prices, so it was quite lively.
Choirs sang praises to Eris. Thanksgiving to Eris and “Cheers!” could be heard anywhere.
There was nothing creative, merely exhibiting the mood of a traditional festival. But looking at the Eris cultists with their smiling devotions along with drinks and laughter, it seemed natural to host a thanksgiving festival to Goddess Eris…
“– Hey, Kazuma. What should I do?”
“This is the time for your Party Tricks. After attracting customers, you can help out. Cecily will attend to the customers. Chris can help me with the cooking.”
“Oh. I just need to attract customers? Leave it to me!”
“I just need to use my charms to receive the male customers? Leave it to me!”
“Hey, why am I still helping out?”
I gave the orders and started to cook deftly.
A saucy scent filled the shopping district.
The guests were attracted by the scent, finally–
“Okay, next! More mayonnaise and seaweed, right? Hey! Aqua, cut more cabbages! I’ll leave the pork to you, Chris!”
“Hey Kazuma. Let me cut the pork! Today’s cabbages are too lively and aggressive!”
“I’m not good at handling cabbages either! Assistant-kun, let me do your job. You cut the cabbages!”
Aqua was struggling with the cabbages. Chris was complaining as she cut the pork.
“It can’t be helped then. Chris, check out my vegetable-cutting skill! … Oh. The cabbages are especially crispy in summer. They’re most tasty.”
“Uh… Yes. I like summer cabbages the best. Winter cabbages are too violent. Autumn cabbages can fly, so they’re very difficult to deal with…”
“Both of you are supposed to be working. Why are you eating? This customer has waited for a long time! Big bowl of noodles with extra pork slices!”
As I cooked, the stall became popular.
The menu was the usual set meals in Japanese festivals, everyone’s favorite yakisoba.
Ever since Japanese people came to this world, all sorts of ingredients had been brought over as well.
Although ingredients for things like miso, grilling, and hamburgers were available, there were a lot of dishes not known to people.
“This yakisoba thing’s really delicious! The sauce’s awesome!”
“Yes. I feel hungry just smelling it!”
“Bro, one big bowl of noodles with mayonnaise and cabbage!”
“Thanks for your patronage. I have your order! Hey, Cecily. Record the order… Stop eating the cabbages!”
The sauce for the fried noodles was probably something new to this world. Everyone was enjoying it.
Even if the people who came from Japan knew how to cook the noodles, they might not know how to mix the sauce.
I didn’t find curry or okonomiyaki, which required mixing various spices– This required professional knowledge to cook.
As for why I know how to make the sauce for the yakisoba…
“I didn’t expect someone with the cooking skill to open shop here. This year’s festival’s really sumptuous! Looks like we can let Axis cultists join in the festival next year as well!”
“Isn’t that chef the famous adventurer, Satou Kazuma? That guy can even cook?”
Yes. It all depended on the cooking skill I learned earlier.
This skill was meant to improve my standard of living. I didn’t think it could be used in this situation.
After all, the people who reincarnated from Japan wouldn’t learn the cooking skill.
Or rather, they couldn’t learn it.
Since they reincarnated into this world with cheat items, they wouldn’t belittle themselves by taking on the weakest job of Adventurer.
If the Eris Church wanted to have a traditional festival, we’d oppose it with a modern festival.
Perhaps because it was refreshing or creative, Cecily’s idea of wrapping the yakisoba with the Axis Cult Recruitment Form was well received.
Seeing this, Aqua’s eyes glowed.
“Hey Kazuma. Axis cultists are being praised! This is something new to me!”
“Should we add tokoroten slime as an after-meal dessert? Sweet and soft Tokoroten Slime!”
“Hey, don’t add weird illegal items like tokoroten slime! Ha. How is it, Aqua? If you’re serious about doing business, you can make a profit! No need for tricks. Just doing it honestly is the best! … Still, look at this popularity. Maybe I should actually open a restaurant. Oh, my. Although I already made enough money for my entire lifetime, seeing this scene still makes me laugh happily!”
“Hey, Assistant-kun… It seems that even the customers from the stalls managed by Eris cultists are coming over. What am I doing…?”
On this night.
Among all the Axis Cult’s stalls, the only profit-making stall was this noodle stall.
“– Then, this is today’s sales record.”
“Whoa!?”
In the committee room where the members were gathered.
After the report on the sales record for the first day of the festival, everyone, including me, cried out in joy.
“It’s almost twice as much as the previous year! This year’s festival is a big success!”
“It’s all thanks to our advisor’s suggestion to let the Eris Church and the Axis Cult compete with each other! Although the sales in Axis Cult’s area aren’t that good, it motivated Eris cultists to be more enthusiastic.”
“Yes. I hope the Axis Cult can do better, but this isn’t bad. The Axis Cult’s stall selling yakisoba is very popular. I heard it was opened late just when the festival was closing. Tomorrow, it should open earlier, so it’s worth the anticipation.”
After seeing this huge result… The committee members, who always argued with me during planning, were all smiling happily at me.
I heard that a portion of the profits will be shared among the committee members who were involved in the festival planning.
Of course, as the advisor, I’d be getting a share.
So for the committee members, it didn’t matter which cult won, as long as there was profit.
“Actually, it was because the Axis Cult was too useless, so I had to open a noodle stall selling my country’s food. I’ll work hard as the advisor tomorrow. I still have a lot of good ideas.”
“Oh!” x4
The committee members looked at me with a new sense of respect.
“That’s our Satou-san. I heard you were involved in the incident that made a lot of money for Wiz’s Magic Tool Shop. It seems that isn’t just a rumor!”
“Yes. No wonder you got so rich in such a short time!”
“It looks we can look forward to the next two days!”
Ah. I got embarrassed after being praised to this extent.
I merely replicated Japanese festivals.
“Leave it to me! Satou Kazuma will work hard tomorrow!”
“Oh!!” x4
The first day of the festival ended like this.
“… Uh, Kazuma. Do you still intend to help the Axis Cult?”
The second day of the Goddess Eris & Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival.
As the sky darkened, the citizens began to walk toward the merchant district.
Sleepy Darkness, with heavy eye bags, called out to me in a tired voice as I was about to leave the house.
“Yes, I do… What’s up with you? You look pale.”
Darkness turned while lying on the sofa and shut her tired eyes.
“Of course. I didn’t think that lordship duties would be so tiring… The complaints for these two days were a lot more than those during the festival preparatory period. An idiot dumped the young of Giant Frogs into the Kowloon Hydra’s lake. What was she thinking…? And the scam of the Amazing Hut. And customers being groped in the haunted house by Axis cultists disguised as zombies…”
Well, I personally witnessed a few cases.
“And Axis cultists infiltrated into the Eris Church’s stalls and loudly demanded protection money. Male shopkeepers wearing swimming trunks. And the incident involving painting colors on a lizard to sell to children…!”
I decided to brew some tea for Darkness.
Darkness took the tea and sipped, sighing.
“Thanks… I feel that I’ve aged a lot in these few days…”
“How unlucky… But remember this feel. I felt the same way every time I had to listen to the willful demands of you all. Uh, although most of the complaints last night seemed to involve me somewhat, I don’t think there should be too many more complaints. So hang in there.”
Hearing my encouragement, the tired Darkness’s eyes were moist.
“Th-Thank you…! You’re the only one who can understand me…! Now that I think about it, I’ve caused you a lot of trouble, really a lot… Uh, wait. Your latter sentences…”
Intending to stir up the stalls managed by the Axis Cult, I left without waiting for her to finish her sentence.
– Upon arriving at the area managed by the Axis Cult, I found a lot of people gathered like yesterday, but the reason for gathering was different.
“Welcome! This way for a certain country’s festive food, yakisoba!”
“Roasted octopus caught from the forest! These octopi pieces are chewy and tasty!”
“Have some shaved ice! Tasty shaved ice! There’re strawberry, lemon, pineapple, red bean, and tokoroten slime flavors!”
Although there were some differences, what I saw before me was very similar to a Japanese festival.
“Ah. Kazuma, why are you so late? Look. This is prosperous! The shaved ice you made in the afternoon ran out! I’ll create water, so hurry and turn them to ice!”
Aqua ran over with the ice containers when she saw me.
Although the various stalls were somewhat different from those in a Japanese festival, it was similar enough to the original. It was very popular. Its novelty might be one of the reasons.
Good. At this rate, there should be a huge profit today.
My reward as the consultant will be great.
“The condition’s not bad today. Yes. If you work hard honestly like this, your worshippers will definitely increase. Isn’t it nice that everyone can be happy?”
I smiled and said to Aqua as I used Freeze magic to create ice cubes.
She gave me a rarely seen genuine smile.
“Yes. This is all thanks to you. Look, Kazuma. The children of the Axis Cult are smiling so happily.”
She admitted frankly, unlike her usual self–
“Kazuma, Kazuma. I feel that hosting this festival is great. Thank you for helping the Axis Cult.”
– And smiled innocently.
… What was going on? Did the festive mood fry her brain?
This, plus the time she said, “Pride goes before a fall” during the expedition against the insects– I felt Aqua was acting strange recently.
Was it because of Emperor Zell?
Did she mature because she had a kid?
No. She merely called the chick as “my kid”. She merely incubated an egg.
But her sincere thanks made me uneasy since I’ll be getting a lot of reward money from the festival committee.
I decided to change the topic–
“By the way, since these stalls are popular, you must have earned a lot? It’s a rare opportunity. Use the earnings to rebuild that dilapidated Axis Cult Church.”
“We didn’t earn much. Yesterday you said, ‘If you’re serious about doing business, you can make a profit! No need for tricks. Just doing it honestly is the best!’. I obeyed and implemented a low profit, high sales approach. This festival is co-hosted, so the festival committee is making the Axis Cult pay for the cost of operation. If you include this cost, we’re still losing money.”
What happened to this girl? Why’d she suddenly become so obedient?
By the way, was the Axis Cult still losing money?
I was the one who suggested letting both the Eris Church and the Axis Cult share the cost of operation.
“… Is it? But as the sales increase, you should stop losing money soon! After all, this is unprecedented! I’m surprised that the impoverished Axis Cult could afford the cost of operation!”
“I paid for it myself. I received the reward for the previous Kowloon Hydra hunt. That reward money plus my usual savings managed to pay for it. I wanted to build a beautiful dragon nest for Emperor Zell, but I guess we’ll just have to make do.”
“… I-Is that so?”
I felt guilty. I couldn’t look Aqua in the eyes.
“What happened? If you’re unwell, I can heal you. After all, you’ve worked really hard lately. Okay, don’t move. I’ll give you an extra powerful one.”
Aqua smiled and used a powerful healing magic on me.
– After the festival ended on the second day, I walked toward the committee room.
Aqua enlightened me.
She purely wanted to enjoy the festival.
And what was I doing?
I was driven by my passions, wanted to watch the poster girls in swimsuits, organize cosplay events, make the two cults compete and make a profit of it all.
… I decided.
I’ll tell Aqua everything I’ve done so far, apologize to everyone and resign from my post as advisor. From tomorrow onward, I’ll enjoy the festival too.
Yes. Tomorrow will be the third day of the festival; there’ll be a fireworks display.
I’ll watch the fireworks with Megumin, listen to the complaints of Darkness who’ll be very tired, and drink wine with Aqua.
I thought of these as I opened the door, intending to inform the committee of my resignation–
“Oh. We’ve been waiting for you, Advisor-dono!”
“Come, Advisor-dono. Take a seat!”
I was stunned after opening the door to the committee room.
The committee members smiled and urged me to take the seat of honor. There was something else.
Or rather, my eyes were glued on a few of the people present.
“Good evening, regular patron-san! We heard a lot about your miracles from the committee members~”
“Thank you for your frequent patronage, customer! I heard we owe it to you for the succubus cosplay being permitted in this festival!”
Right. They were the assistants in the shop I frequently patronized–the one providing the succubus service.
The chairman pushed me to my chair as I stood dumbly in the doorway.
Wh-What’s happening? This was bad. This was really bad!
Specifically, the unusual way the succubi were dressed. This was exceptionally bad.
The succubus onee-san in a sensuous black bodysuit and the loli succubus smiled at me seductively.
Perhaps this was what succubi normally wear.
The chairman whispered into my ear as I stared hard at the succubi.
“It seems you know them too. They operate a small restaurant in this city. This time, they wore swimsuits to serve as the poster girls of various shops. They say they want to reward the advisor who acquired the permit for this costume…”
I was very troubled.
I originally intended to tell them I wanted to resign.
Aqua was working so hard. I should decline solemnly and decisively.
If I accept their reception, I’ll surely be lost. Wake up, Satou Kazuma! Are you a man who’s so easily manipulated?
Right. Even if the sensuous succubi wanted to repay me–!
“Since we’re having a festival, let’s drink and keep you company. Hehe. We won’t let you go back tonight. We must let regular patron-san enjoy himself!”
I took the wine glass without hesitation, letting the onee-san sit next to me and pour me some wine.
The chairman raised his glass.
“Then, cheers to our consultant’s activeness and sales! Come, Advisor-dono. Please give us a cheer!”
I stood up immediately between the two succubi and raised my voice.
“Let’s achieve happiness by making a lot of money! Cheers!”
“Cheers!” x4
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, BlitzBlast, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
– The third day of the Thanksgiving Festival.
Dressed in a one-piece, an astounded Megumin said to me as I lay in my bed.
“… Never mind about coming back at dawn– What are you doing at this time? Hey. We’ve got a date to watch the fireworks today. Quickly, change your clothes!”
I drank too much yesterday.
After coming to this world with no minimum drinking age, I’d become very familiar with the taste of alcohol.
“Ugh. Squeezing in the crowd in this condition… There will be all kinds of things coming out…”
“This man is really weak! Normally, if a guy has a date with a girl to watch the fireworks, he should control how much he drinks. What were you doing last night? You were in high spirits when you came back.”
I couldn’t possibly say that I was out drinking with the succubus sisters.
“Ask for Darkness… Tell her to use her authority to postpone the fireworks event to tomorrow…”
“It’s great that you don’t want to break your promise, but if you say such willful things, Darkness will go crazy. Aqua and her people really ran her ragged today, after all.”
Aqua and her people ran Darkness ragged?
I thought their performance improved a lot last night– What happened now?
As I thought of this lazily, Megumin uncovered the blanket and reached for my clothes…
“Whoa? Hey, wait. What are you doing? Why are you suddenly undressing me? One of these days you’ll do something unexpected and give me a shock!”
I jumped out of bed before I could be stripped.
“I won’t be fazed by Kazuma’s nakedness. I’ve already seen you with your clothes dissolved in that fight with the Kowloon Hydra. Come, If you won’t undress yourself, I’ll do it for you.”
I felt that it wasn’t bad to let a girl strip me, but if either Aqua or Darkness saw this, I didn’t know what they’d say.
I changed my clothes and prepared to wash my face before Megumin, who was still watching.
“… I-I honestly didn’t think you’d change your clothes right in front of me.”
“Didn’t you say that you won’t be fazed by my nakedness? … Phew. I feel better after drinking some water. Anyway, you mentioned that Aqua and her people ran Darkness rugged. What did they do this time?”
“The evaluation for the Axis Cult’s stalls were fairly good last night. Their sales weren’t bad when compared to the Eris Church. As a result, the Axis cultists got cocky. Basically, since the sales of the Axis Cult was better than that of the Eris Church, they willfully demanded more space for setting up stalls.”
What happened to the Aqua I saw last night?
Did she revert to her usual form?
… No, no. It was too early to make that conclusion. She should’ve been a changed woman.
Right. It must be just a portion of the Axis cultists getting carried away.
But…
“… I’ve got a bad premonition, but let’s leave it to Darkness. Yes. Let’s avoid the area managed by the Axis Cult today. Let’s watch the fireworks.”
“Yes. Since it’s summer and a festival, we should avoid trouble once in a while. Do something like a date.”
Megumin readily agreed as if she noticed something.
Yes. This was the summer festival.
I was always getting dragged into troublesome matters. Once in a while, I should have a chance to leisurely enjoy a festival too–!
“– Yes. I knew it’d be like this.”
“Why are you stopping suddenly? Come. Let’s go.”
Megumin looked puzzled and dragged me away from leaning against the entrance of the shopping street.
“This is my first time going to a festival with someone and watching the fireworks display! Hey Megumin. Is there anything wrong with me now? I really, thoroughly prepared for it!”
“Other than your excitement, there’s nothing wrong. Please don’t panic just because it’s a festival.”
Although she said it was a date earlier, Yunyun also came along.
I greeted Yunyun at the meeting place and dragged my feet dejectedly after them…
“It’s too early to be alone by ourselves now. After the fireworks display, let’s go back together.”
Megumin walked beside me and whispered in my ear.
“I’ve always stayed at home during every festival in the past. I didn’t expect I’d participate in a festival like this. It’s great that I left the Crimson Demon Village! … Kazuma-san, are you okay? You look a bit strange…”
“Whoa! N-N-Nothing. I’m very excited to participate in the festival too! By the way, Yunyun, festivals are when you can unexpectedly meet your friends. You stayed home on those days? Never mind. As a high level hikikomori, I can understand your feelings. I didn’t want to come out when there were festivals and crowds. Yes. Actually, this is quite normal.”
After Megumin’s successful ambush, I was in a mess. Yunyun was a bit surprised at my reaction.
“I’m not a hikikomori like Kazuma-san. Whenever I went to a festival alone, I’d meet some classmates playing together– Perhaps they were taking care of my feelings–and they would say, ‘Sorry, we didn’t invite you along’ and similar apologies…”
“I understand, stop talking! It’s my fault. Please don’t continue! I’ll play with you today!”
Damn. What’s wrong with this recent plot? It was as if Megumin had the initiative.
What? What were we going to do after going back by ourselves? Of course, it isn’t merely going home. What else will happen after that?
Is it okay for me to have some expectations?
Women were so cunning.
A mere whisper in the ear can cause confusion!
I used my Snipe skill to win at a shooting game stall, then used my naturally high luck to destroy the lottery stall.
“… How should I say this? Kazuma should learn to have some mercy.”
“Yes. Both the onee-san at the shooting game stall and the uncle at the lottery stall cried. They said they’d have to close their stalls today.”
I was strolling along various stalls with the two Crimson Demon girls.
“Listen. A festival’s a war with the stall owners. In my country, the top prizes for the lottery are often not won by anyone, even after the lottery’s sold out. And when you happily return home with a prize, you may find that it looks like an imitation product upon closer inspection.”
“I need to ask about your country in detail one day… Anyway, the festival this year’s much more joyous when compared to previous years. Is this the costume parade suggested by Kazuma? Everyone can walk about in their favorite costumes. There are even excessive succubus and incubus costumes. Real succubi may get attracted to this festival.”
There was a sudden coldness on my back upon hearing Megumin’s sharp reaction. I continued to watch the festival nonchalantly.
This was an Axel unlike any other.
Vanir had opened a stall selling unusual masks.
Seeing smiling succubi among the customers, even Megumin wanted to buy the masks.
For some reason, Yunyun suddenly pestered Vanir, asking him to go back and watch the shop.
There were more than devils at the festival, including the rarely seen beastmen, short-eared forest elves, dwarves, and other races.
Under the lights, this fantasy scene strongly made me realize that I was in another world.
“This is really another world…”
Then I noticed I was smiling.
“……”
Megumin was staring at my reaction, showing an uneasy expression as if she wanted to say something.
“What? Why do you have this look as if you’re banned from using Explosion magic?”
“… No. It’s nothing…”
Megumin always spoke her mind, even to a general of the Demon King or to a royal princess. It was very rare for her to be so reserved.
I’ll have to tell them that I came from another world one day.
But even if I tell them, nothing will change.
They didn’t believe Aqua’s self-proclaimed divinity. They might think that I started to talk nonsense too.
Perhaps because life was settling down recently, I occasionally felt that coming to this world wasn’t so bad.
Someday in the future, I’ll tell them about my country–
At this time, there was an alarming disturbance and noise in the direction of Axel’s cistern.
It seemed that the fireworks display started.
The night sky lit up with colorful lights, cheers rose up everywhere.
Looking up at the night sky, Megumin changed her silent mood and held my hand tightly…
“Kazuma, let’s go! If we don’t hurry up and join the fight, it’ll be too late!”
She said in an intense mood…
“… Join the fight? Uh, wait. Don’t drag me! Can’t we see the fireworks clearly here?”
“What are you saying? We’re adventurers! If we don’t join the defensive line, who’ll protect the festival?”
What were you saying?
But before I could say that, the behavior of the surrounding adventurers stopped me.
Mages were running over in excitement.
Even Yunyun, who was merely standing aside earlier.
“Hey, explain this situation! What is it? Isn’t this the fireworks display? Where’s everyone rushing to?”
I shouted as I ran after Megumin, then–
“It’s the insects!”
Yunyun replied on behalf of Megumin, who was running in front.
“Insects? What about insects? Aren’t there a lot of bonfires during the festival? Aren’t the insects attracted by the fire everywhere in any case?”
Megumin answered my questions.
“Every year, in this season, the guild will request for insect extermination. Attracted by the festival’s bonfire at night, the active insects will fly toward the city from the nearby forest and plains. They will circle in the sky above the city, waiting for a chance to attack. Thus, the fireworks display was organized to cast Detonation magic and Blast magic into their midst.”
Uh, what the heck is going on?
“I don’t know what fireworks are used for in Kazuma-san’s country… In this country, fireworks in the summer are declarations of war against the swarming insects.”
That was why this world is really…!
– Unbelievable.
Megumin was saying sweet nothings about being together alone earlier, raising my expectations. Once the fireworks display started, she immediately rushed to the frontline.
By the way, when she was about to use Explosion magic inside the city, the police arrested her.
… And then took her away.
She was so unromantic to this extent.
I even got excited under the influence of the summer mood– Return my feelings to me.
I stopped the insect invasion and returned home, walking dejectedly to my room.
Being depressed wouldn’t help.
Even though I joined the festival, I had no bow or other ranged weapon with me, so I could only dodge the flying insects. While I was idling, Chris caught me and hurriedly decided on a particular matter.
– I wore my black clothes and put on the strange mask.
I packed the magic items I bought today into the backpack; everything was ready.
Yes. I’d exact vengeance on that damn armor now.
I prepared special magic items to deal with that armor’s shouts.
It was nearly midnight.
Aqua was still celebrating the success of the festival, so she wasn’t back yet. Darkness was probably asleep.
I intended to leave from my room’s window instead of the front door and travel to meet up with Chris.
I’d be in trouble if someone saw me wearing the mask in all black.
Leaving Aqua aside, Darkness knew this costume. She’d know what I was going to do if she saw this.
Okay. Time to leave.
I lowered the rope from the window. As I was about to leave…
“Kazuma. There’s a light in your room. Are you asleep?”
I heard this as I was about to leave. I quickly removed the rope and closed the window.
“N-N-Not yet! I was about to sleep!”
I quickly hid the rope, checked that the door was locked and breathed out in relief.
If she saw my attire, she’d surely interrogate me about where I was going.
“Is that so…? Sorry I came over late at night. May I have a moment of your time?”
I couldn’t tell her the truth, but Darkness’s current tone of voice was different from normal.
“… I understand. Can you wait a bit? You can’t see me like this.”
“? I-I-I understand. Sorry to interrupt you.”
While Darkness was panicking over something, I quickly removed my clothes.
I hid the mask and the backpack in my closet.
“Ha… Ha… S-Sorry for the wait…”
“Nothing. I didn’t wait long… Hey, are you naked? I won’t ask what you were doing earlier, but at least stop panting!!”
Seeing me panting hard, Darkness blushed and looked away.
I messed up. I was in my underwear.
… Hey.
“Wait! I wasn’t doing anything indecent! Don’t misunderstand!!”
“I-I know! I won’t misunderstand, so put on your clothes! And if you’re doing that kind of thing, wash your hands before you sleep!”
This girl definitely misunderstood!
I wanted to explain myself, but there was no time.
“… Forget it– What’s the matter? Aqua will spread some weird rumors if she sees you hanging outside my room in that attire.”
Darkness was wearing a flimsy one-piece pajama. I didn’t know where to look.
If I didn’t need to recover the divine relic, I’d stare until I’m satisfied.
Of course, I was staring right now.
“Uh… It isn’t convenient here. May I come in?”
I didn’t really want her to enter, since there were things in the closet that’d cause trouble if they were discovered.
But I didn’t have any excuse.
I allowed her to enter and I sat down on my bed.
“Why the sudden visit? Can’t it wait until tomorrow morning?”
“N-Nothing! It can wait until morning, but… Uh… Lately, everyone’s been busy, so we seldom meet even in the house, right?”
Darkness wasn’t being straightforward. She looked around my room as if she couldn’t calm down, then carefully sat on the bed.
Chris was still waiting. I wished she’d quickly finish the conversation.
At this time, Darkness was fidgeting with her fingers. She finally made a decision and raised her head.
“Kazuma, you, uh… I only apologized to you. I haven’t thanked you yet… I was waiting for a chance to be alone with you to thank you properly…”
Her voice was very soft. She looked straight at me sincerely.
Oh. Was this…?
“Is this about the old man lord stealing you away? That was my own initiative, so no need for thanks. Didn’t you take on my debts on your own initiative? I didn’t thank you for that either.”
I said jokingly to Darkness, but she didn’t seem to accept it.
While we were stalling like this, Chris was waiting for me.
What a troublesome woman. There’s really no need to thank me.
As my attention began to wander…
Darkness showed a pitiful expression as if she was about to cry. She forced herself to smile and said.
“From you… I gained a lot of happy, refreshing, sad, and angry memories. As the daughter of a noble family, I normally wouldn’t have such experiences. If I had never met you, I wouldn’t have been able to travel with everyone and experience those dangerous adventures. The past year after I met you has been the happiest and most blessed time of my life.”
She said softly, reaching out both her hands to hold mine tightly while I was still dumbstruck.
“So I want to thank you. Not only because you saved me from the lord. When other people learned of my identity, they’d keep me at a distance, but you stayed with me even after you knew I was a noble. Thank you. I’m very happy living with you all in this mansion. It’s basically like… Yes. If my deceased mother whose face I don’t remember was still alive, I should’ve known this feeling…”
She continued shyly.
“So, let me thank you once more. For staying with me all this time. I sincerely thank you for rescuing me, even after I’d given up…”
Darkness suddenly used the tone of a noble lady and firmly held my hands.
– My heart was about to burst from excitement.
What was going on? Why’d this love event suddenly happen?
Wasn’t I already on the Megumin route?
I thought I was getting it on with Megumin. After confirming the route, the elder sister route suddenly appeared.
Perhaps other people might not understand what I was saying, but actually I didn’t understand myself.
Why’d it become like this?
No. Wait. Calm down, calm down, Satou Kazuma. She merely came to thank me. I’m not a virgin, so there’s no need to panic.
Wait, no, I’m still a virgin!
But from a common sense point of view, it’s unacceptable to let this carry on. I was so excited to watch the fireworks with Megumin earlier. If I become so close to Darkness on the same day, I can’t deny being labeled as trash. No, wait, that isn’t the problem now!
What was I thinking? I was confused. Wait. Don’t panic yet. The other person’s Darkness, who frequently spoke in a weird way. It was Darkness who raged easily. It was Darkness who nearly crossed the line once.
“So tonight. Uh… As thanks…”
Darkness was blushing. Darkness was leaning her face closer. Darkness licked her lips out of excitement. To Darkness who was like this, Satou Kazuma, show her your manliness!
Just calmly lead on and wait for the mood to improve, then–
“No, no. Don’t mention it. When I was with Megumin, she thanked me for saving you as well. It’s nothing. After all, we’re so close!”
Good. Although I wasn’t really calm, I’ll give myself 80 points. Now to let it develop naturally–
“… Seriously. Mentioning Megumin at this time; you just can’t read the mood.”
– It didn’t develop. Darkness stood up, a bit troubled.
“By the way, I received a notice from the police. Megumin will be released later tonight. I’m rather despicable to come to you at this time…”
After saying that, she suddenly bent over and leaned close to me.
Her lips gently touched my cheek.
She then stood up again and said shyly:
“This is what was promised. If we defeat the Kowloon Hydra, I’ll kiss you on the cheek… As for saving me from the lord, some other day…!”
As Darkness turned to leave hurriedly…
I shouted toward her:
“What is this? Wait, Darkness. You made the mood so hot just to kiss me on the cheek? Stop messing around! Both you and Megumin are alike! What do you want, making me so full of expectation? Retake! I want a retake! If you really want to do it, you can do it well. Bravely take that step!”
“Why are you always like this?! Give that sweet moment back to me!!”
After Darkness angrily returned to her room, I intended to return to bed stiflingly.
When I realized I’d forgotten about Chris, I hurried to the meeting place. It was already two hours late.
When I arrived, I saw Chris, who was also in all black with a mask.
“You’re way too late! What took you so long?”
“I’m really sorry. Something happened with Darkness. I didn’t expect her to run over to my room late at night while wearing something like that…”
“Eh?”
Chris, who’d been fuming at me until just now, opened her eyes wide in utter astonishment.
“Y-You’re doing it again. Randomly saying stuff to turn my anger away; it won’t be so easy. Even if you say it so meaningfully, basically nothing really happened, right?”
“Well, nothing much happened. Darkness merely kissed me suddenly.”
“Ha–?”
Chris, who was pretending to be calm, cried out in alarm. Her expression froze in shock.
Her expression wasn’t very fitting for a goddess.
“There’s not much time left. Stop making that funny expression, let’s go. Maybe because of what happened earlier, I feel really good tonight.”
“Eh~? Hey, wait! Why are you so calm after being kissed? You’re lying, right? Hey! This is just unrequited love, right?”
I didn’t know why Chris was so obsessed with this topic.
“It’s true. Ask Darkness if you don’t believe me. ‘Did you visit Kazuma’s room late at night and suddenly kiss him?’ Still, what’s going on? Previously, Megumin also said she likes me and that we should go back together alone after the fireworks display– But she ruined it herself. Big boss, what should I do? Maybe I’ll step into adulthood during this festival.”
“Really? You also said this before, ‘Recently, my relationship with Megumin’s pretty good. Darkness seemed to be somewhat interested in me too!’. Uh. Wait. Isn’t this a love triangle?”
Chris covered her mouth and looked at me in fascination.
“Eh?… When did Darkness become so bold? Earlier, you said Megumin liked you too? What are you going to do? Who are you going to choose?”
“Hey, it’s too early to make such conclusions. I’m having a headache as well. The current situation is the routing stage often seen in Japanese novels. Right. All the girls like me and the harem’s being formed… But though those two girls look pretty enough, there’s some issues about their inner selves. Following this trend, I may raise flags for other girls too, so I think I should wait before making a decision. What do you think I should do?”
“I think you should go and die… But I’m really surprised. When did everyone start to…?”
Was she unused to talking about love because she was a goddess? Or was she shocked because her intimate friend Darkness might unknowingly step into adulthood before her? Chris staggered behind me as I led her toward Undine’s mansion.
It was a cloudless night with the full moon high in the sky.
There was a reason for suddenly taking action tonight.
The other party will be on high alert after the previous failure to steal the armor.
But they’ll be somewhat negligent during the festival.
And this was just after the fireworks display.
The guards of this mansion also participated in the defense of the city earlier. This was probably the so-called noblesse oblige.
So, they must be tired. And since this was the annual festival, there must be drunkards everywhere.
I was prepared to deal with the noisy armor. If this failed and we were pursued, we could discard the black clothes and masks to mix in with the drunkards along the streets.
– Soon, we arrived at Undine’s mansion. The back door we entered previously was completely locked. The other entrance was the front door with two sentries.
According to Chris, since our previous infiltration, there were sentries every night until the morning.
“What should we do, Assistant-kun? This mansion isn’t as large as the palace. It’s hard to infiltrate when there are sentries.”
“Yes. What should we do? Isn’t there a way to distract them…?”
While we were observing the mansion from a distance and planning our next move…
“Uh… Are the two of you the Silver-Haired Thieving Group?”
Suddenly, someone spoke out behind us. I immediately turned around.
“P-P-Pleased to meet you! No. Actually, we met before! I met you in the palace once… I’m your fan, Megumin the Archwizard!”
Megumin, who should’ve been arrested by the police, was standing right behind us.
Seriously. Why’d things become like this?
“Wow. We’re really famous! After all, we have a bounty of 200 million eris on our heads!!”
After hearing Megumin declaring herself as our fan, Chris was shyly pleased.
I wanted to complain that she shouldn’t be shy at a time like this, but I didn’t want to make the situation worse.
Chris and I’d intentionally altered our voices, but a clever enough person can still recognize us.
Thankfully, Megumin was too star-struck–
“It’s so amazing that a band of thieves has such a high bounty! Oh, I’d like to ask… When the two of you snuck into the palace, was it really to protect the princess from a dangerous divine relic?!”
“Yes. That’s right. We’re the chivalrous thieves. Normally, we’re just commoners, but we couldn’t let an innocent girl be exposed to such dangers, even if she’s a princess. Whenever someone’s in trouble, we’ll break in to help, whether it’s a noble’s mansion or the royal palace. This is the Masked Thieving Group.”
“Wow…!”
I was secretly pleased to see Megumin looking at us with such admiration.
“Wait, Assistant-kun. Isn’t it the Silver-Haired Thieving Group? It’s too opportunistic to change the name at this time. I’m the boss, right?”
“What are you saying, Big Boss? When we were in the palace, you said I could be the boss too. So it’s fine to name it the Masked Thieving Group!”
We ignored Megumin with her glimmering eyes as we held our private conversation. At this moment–
“Then, what are the two of you doing here? This is a noble’s home, right? … And his reputation isn’t that good…”
Megumin looked at us, full of anticipation.
Chris and I shared a look and nodded.
“You’re… Megumin, right? Actually, we’re after something hidden in this mansion. It’s necessary for the future of mankind. Stealing is not a praiseworthy deed, but… For us, there are some things which must be done even if we end up being regarded as criminals.”
“Wow…! Wow…!!”
Megumin looked at us as if we were heroes.
“Yes. We’re going to steal from this house. This way, we’ll have something to decisively end the battle with the Demon King’s army. If you want report us, we won’t stop you… But please believe in us. It’s for the sake of mankind!”
“I believe! I believe in you! Of course, I won’t report you! … But I have a little request.”
Megumin started uncertainly, as if she was embarrassed.
“Please read this! This is a fan letter describing how cool and charismatic both of you are! In order to hand it to you personally, I’ve been carefully bringing it along everywhere I go!!”
She bowed her head and offered us a letter.
Right. After we returned from the palace, she was writing something that she hoped to hand over to us.
But receiving a letter like this made my heart pound faster.
Of course, for Megumin, this was a letter to her heroes. But it still felt like receiving a love letter.
When I was about to take the letter–
“Thanks. After we’re done with our work, I’ll be sure to read it.”
Chris snatched the letter first.
“Big Boss, what are you doing? That letter was for me!”
“What are you saying? Megumin said it’s a fan letter to the Silver-Haired Thieving Group! It’s not yours, but ours. As the boss, naturally I should keep it!”
We started to argue among ourselves softly. Megumin bowed once more.
“Thanks for receiving it. There were supposed to be a lot of things to look forward to after the fireworks display tonight, but I messed it all up. I was somewhat depressed… But thanks to that, I can meet both of you. So, it wasn’t all unlucky.”
She said and smiled innocently.
“Big Boss, it’s good that we didn’t expose our identities. But meeting her at this time, I don’t know if we’re lucky or unlucky.”
“With both of us here, there won’t be any unlucky event. We even got a fan letter.”
“Although I wish I could help out, I should probably return earlier to apologize to someone…” – Megumin said and left. She was still worriedly looking back at us.
Was she going to apologize to me?
“Big Boss, should I go back first tonight? If I go back now, I feel an event will happen with Megumin.”
“No way. In many ways, today’s the best day to infiltrate! Anyway, what kind of event will happen with Megumin? At least choose one between Darkness and Megumin!”
It couldn’t be helped. I’d just have to finish the work fast.
At this time, I noticed Chris was keeping Megumin’s fan letter inside her clothes.
“… Big Boss, after our work, let’s decide who gets to keep that letter.”
“Fine. Let’s decide it with a game of rock-paper-scissors.”
“Don’t decide this with luck!”
– Because of some unexpected incidents, I needed to go back earlier than expected tonight.
We should finish this quickly.
“Let’s subdue the sentries. I feel good today; I can handle two people easily.”
Was I unusually excited because things were going well with both of them?
“You were this excited too back when we infiltrated the palace… You get really lively at night. Are you a devil or something?”
“If that’s the case, then all the NEETs in Japan would be devils. Big Boss, use the Lurk skill so we can get close to them. It’s full moon tonight and the festival’s bonfires are still burning, so there’s a lot of light. Be careful.”
Chris and I used the Lurk skill and clung to the walls as we crept slowly toward the sentries like ninjas.
The two sentries were leisurely chatting away.
It should be possible to ambush them.
To get the timing right, I calmly listened in on their conversation.
“This festival’s awesome. It’s unlike any festival before! This is all thanks to the participation of the Axis Cult. Making the poster girls wear swimsuits is a stroke of genius.”
“Same with allowing succubus cosplay. I found an amazing babe. This festival has just been amazing. But did you hear? Supposedly, there was some outside help in the management this time around.”
Oh. That’d be me.
I was popular enough to be the topic of interest among soldiers, what a great feeling!
“The outside help was from that guy, right? Pitting the Eris Church and the Axis Cult against each other, then fanning the flames just so he can get a bigger commission out of it… What a bastard.”
“Oh, right. Bringing in the Axis cultists, allowing for succubus cosplay, making the poster girls wear swimsuits… I heard all of these suggestions were his. His name should be–”
I jumped out of the shadows.
When they noticed me, they attempted to draw their swords from their waists–
“Double Drain Touch!”
But I covered their mouths with my hands and used Drain Touch to drain their mana.
The sentries who nearly exposed some important secrets to Chris soon quieted down.
“Hey, Assistant-kun. Don’t be reckless! Although surprises are good, they nearly raised the alarm just now!”
“I feel good today, so I’m confident I can handle them. I managed it in the end, right? No problem. Leave it to me.”
That was so close.
I wasn’t afraid that they’d shout. I was afraid of divine retribution if they continued talking.
The two sentries were unconscious due to mana exhaustion. Chris dragged them away into the trees.
“Even if it ended well, you mustn’t be reckless. Most soldiers joined in the defense against the insect invasion. They were careless because they were tired. This won’t happen again.”
“I know. Let’s go then. I want to go back early to be affectionate with Megumin.”
“Weren’t you getting on well with Darkness earlier? I won’t care if you get killed as a result. I won’t agree to another resurrection if you die this way.”
Don’t say things that make people uneasy.
“By the way, about the sentries’ conversation earlier… External support for the festival… Assistant-kun, do you know anything about it?”
“N-No…”
… That was another reason to finish this job fast.
– We successfully snuck into Undine’s mansion this time.
It was partly due to the fact that we were familiar with the layout since this was the second time we’re here.
But we were safe along the way mostly because there was a goddess of luck present.
Although I didn’t really want to think of it– If I hadn’t caused the alarm in the treasure vault to go off when we infiltrated the palace, that mission might’ve gone smoothly too.
We arrived at the treasure vault soon and nodded at each other before the secret door.
I retrieved a key item from my pocket and pushed open the secret door.
Before Aigis could shout, I smashed the magic crystal I bought as I entered the room.
As the crystal shattered, a special seal was set on the entire room.
This wasn’t bought from Wiz’s Magic Tool Shop. It was a normal magic item that was actually useful.
Although the duration was short, this magic crystal could create a weak bounded field.
So even if Aigis shouted via telepathy, nothing could be heard outside the room.
Chris retrieved a magic sack that could block weak magic from her backpack. The sack was bought from the same magic tool shop.
If Aigis was covered in this sack, telepathy should be unusable.
“I was wondering who it might be. It’s the previous thieves again! Haven’t you had enough? Thieves! Thieves–!!”
Aigis immediately shouted as soon as it saw us.
I ignored its shouts and started to remove the chains on Aigis.
“Hey, what are you doing? Why are you still in the mood to do this? This is a noble’s mansion. You’ll be executed if you’re caught… Eh. The mansion’s too quiet. What happened?”
“Ha. Do you think we came unprepared? Your telepathy won’t be transmitted to the people in the mansion. Too bad!”
I vengefully mocked it while I removed the chains on Aigis.
“What did you do? Hey, fine. I understand! Let’s make a deal!! You want my power, right? Then find a worthy master for me, and I’ll cooperate with you! I can compromise a bit regarding the master. Please!!”
Aigis beseeched us fervently. Where did it’s arrogance go?
“You should’ve said that when we first came! Idiot– Idiot– It’s been decided that your master will be a man, and it’s an uncle with big shiny muscles. Be prepared to serve your new master!!”
“Don’t speak nonsense, you bastard! Hey, stop! Think from the perspective of an armor! Please! You don’t want to be worn by a slovenly uncle, right? If you must protect someone, it’d be better to protect a cute girl, right?”
“I agree completely, but it’s your fault that we were so miserable. We won’t listen to your requests anymore, you great idiot!”
“A-Assistant-kun. I know I argued with it last time too, but arguing with an armor’s too childish…”
Chris was holding the sack open. She couldn’t endure it further after watching me argue with Aigis like she did the previous time.
“Ah! No! No! Woman! I must be worn by a woman! A black-haired beauty, a blonde lolita or a sexy brunette. Right now, I’ll fine as long as it’s a woman! You know, my wearer would sweat a lot during combat. Consider my feelings about being drenched in a man’s sweat!”
Aigis cried out in anguish. I felt a bit of pity for it.
To protect a vulgar man, you ended up being drenched in his sweat. This wasn’t something that could be excused as a ‘punishment game’…
“Give it up. Also, it’s useless to shout on the way. Chris’s sack can block weak magic. You’ll be wrapped in it while we take you back. Anyway, you’re an inorganic item, so why do you have so many demands? Stop being willful…”
As I said that, the last chain on Aigis was removed.
“Ha!”
Following the shout, I was hit on my jaws and became dizzy.
“A-Assistant-kun?! Hey? Why are you moving?”
I held my shaky head and looked at Aigis to understand the situation better–
“I’ve decided. I’ll go on a journey to find a pretty woman worthy of wearing me. Although it’s nice to be waxed daily by the maids in this mansion, people like you may show up again. I’ll find my own master.”
After being freed from the chains, Aigis made a fist briskly.
Chris was still persuading it when it started speaking nonsense.
“Wait, Aigis! This world needs your power! If it’s okay, before your new master’s found, let me wear you…”
“Fuck! Where’s the fun in being worn by an androgynous thief? I said I’ll find my own master… Since you want to wear me so much, let’s evaluate our compatibility… Well, your face is A grade. Job compatibility is C grade. Breast size is below grading. I’m sorry, we’re not fated to be together…”
“Why you–! I was imploring you so nicely! Let’s use force then! Bind!”
Chris finally freaked out and shouted as she tossed the wire at her waist.
A metallic wire took away Aigis’s freedom–!
“Oh. What are you doing with this wire? What? Do you want me to bind you up with this? Hehe. You look so pure, yet your taste’s so heavy!”
– But it was unsuccessful.
The wire Chris tossed over fell off for unknown reasons.
Aigis shrugged and mocked Chris who was stunned.
“Bind!”
I used the same skill as Chris and my wire fell off as well.
“Didn’t you learn your lesson? Really, you still don’t understand? Who do you think I am? I’m the legendary Sacred Armor Aigis. I’m the toughest in this world. I’m immune to magic and skills and can heal my master. I’m the sacred armor that can sing and dance! I won’t lose to thieving brats like you!!”
This bastard!
“Big Boss. Even if skills are useless, it can’t be too powerful since it could be chained down! Let’s subdue it together!”
“I-I understand! I’ll go from the right. Assistant-kun, circle around it!”
Hearing our plan, Agis made a fist.
“Hey, you still want to fight? My fist’s really a steel fist. That’s right, I’m a weapon incarnate!”
“What’s this fellow talking about? So noisy and annoying! It’s too talkative for a suit of armor! Ha!”
“Good. I caught it!”
Chris and I pounced at it at the same time and pressed down on Aigis’s body.
“Boss. Take its arm off! Disassemble it and stuff it in the sack! Since it’s so talkative, leave the helmet behind in this room!”
“Hey, your line of thought is very dangerous. My body can’t be disassembled. When my master wore me, he used a keyword to do it. Instead of carrying me away, it’ll be easier to just wear me. The keyword to equip is ‘I want to be an armored girl!’ Come, say it once.”
“I-I want to be an armored g…”
“There can’t possibly be such a stupid keyword, Big boss. You’ve been tricked! Hey, th-this fellow’s much stronger than expected…”
Aigis shook us off from its arms and walked toward the room exit…!
“Big Boss! Not good! If it leaves the room, it can’t be silenced!”
“Oh. Hey, be obedient, Aigis! I’m Eris. The goddess in charge of this world, Eris! I have an obligation to manage you. Come obediently with me!”
“You’re really trying hard… What a waste. Your face’s cute, but one must still consider the inner self. While searching for a master, I must be more mindful.”
“What did you say–?”
Hearing Aigis’s disbelief in her divinity, Chris was raging.
“Then, we’re parting ways. If you want me so much, learn to be charming enough to keep a man first, little girl. The most essential point is breast size. Some people say that flat-chest’s a novelty, but I think that’s just a bluff by people who don’t have the stuffs.”
“Eh–?”
Even though the angry Chris held onto Aigis’s arm, it merely dragged us along out of the secret door.
“Everyone in Undine’s household who can’t keep me, a world class treasure. You’ve taken care of me so far! Please forgive me for leaving on my own to find a master. If you want me, prepare a world class beauty! I’ll come back in that case!”
A telepathic message rang out in the mansion, so strongly that everyone’s heads were hurting.
“Ah! I’m free! Yes, now I’m totally free! The sky’s the limit! Aigis Kick!!”
After shaking us off, Aigis came out of the treasure vault and left through the window on the third floor with a flying kick.
At the same time, the lamps in the mansion lit up. There was shouting everywhere.
Hearing this commotion, everyone in the mansion was awake.
“What? The thieves are back again?”
“That was Aigis’s voice just now! Check the treasure vault!”
This is bad. There were voices coming in this direction!
Last time, we made a rope out of the window curtain to escape from the treasure vault.
There was no such thing this time, perhaps as a defensive measure or because the new curtain was simply not ready.
“Big Boss, this is bad. This is the third floor; we’ve got no escape route. We’ll secure your wire to that pillar and go down from there!”
“Hey, you’ve got a wire at your waist too. Use yours!”
“My wire’s an expensive, custom-made special item! They’ll track me down if they investigate it!”
“Is that why you hurriedly picked it up after it failed to bind Aigis? Mine’s also custom-made, so they can track me down with it too!”
There was no other option then. We might have to break through forcefully like we did in the palace.
“Big Boss, be prepared. It’s been a while since we showed our true abilities.”
I adjusted my breathing.
“No need to panic, don’t worry. There’s always a way when we get to it. Who do you think I am? I’m the goddess of luck!”
Chris smiled playfully as if she was pulling a prank.
Suddenly, there was a bright flash of light outside the window. Every window in the Undine mansion shattered simultaneously.
As the broken glass flew, an explosive roar which everyone in the city was familiar with, rang out in the summer night sky.
– This was all the fault of that damn armor.
“Kazuma. Come out! If you come out now, I’ll merely lecture you!”
Darkness was kicking on my door in a rage.
“This is unacceptable, my lady! If you’re a lady of a noble family, you should behave more demurely.”
I shouted toward the other side. To prevent the door from being kicked open, I used all my strength to push against the door.
“Don’t treat me as a noble lady only at times like this! Kazuma, come out and explain yourself! Or else Chris here will receive your punishment too!”
“Assistant-kun, save me!!”
Chris’s voice was heard from the other side of the door.
But…
“Too bad, Darkness. This trick won’t work on me. That sounded like Chris, but my reliable Big Boss won’t give in so easily. You’re using Aqua’s Super Entertainer magic to mimic her voice, right? Don’t underestimate my reasoning power. That’s right. It was your voice earlier!”
“Wrong. Assistant-kun, what are you saying? There must be a limit to your reason!!”
After I reasoned it all out, I heard Chris’s agonizing voice.
I was currently hiding in a certain hotel.
After being defeated by Aigis, Chris and I broke through the servants, who were scared by the Explosion. We ran everywhere in the city and finally hid inside a random hotel…
I heard Darkness on the other side of the door again.
“Kazuma, it’s about time you come out! There is only Chris and I here. No police, no people from the Undine family. Come, your boss may end up very badly. Is this really okay for you?”
I merely said:
“Go right ahead.”
“Traitor! Hey Darkness, untie my rope! I’ll help you get Assistant-kun out!”
“Y-You two are really…!”
– An hour later.
Darkness kicked down the door and subdued me. With my upper body bound, I was sitting up straight with Chris.
“So, why were you doing this? Last time, you promised to notify me at the start. Seriously. There are eyewitnesses from the Undine family. A lot of people including the city’s adventurers are hunting you down for the bounty!”
After hearing our explanation, Darkness pressed her forehead and sighed.
While being tied up, I moved my head to indicate to Darkness.
“I’ve said it before, ‘If the other party’s a noble, maybe we can ask Darkness for help. Use Darkness’s family for political advantage.’. Then, Big Boss…”
“Ah? It’s true that Assistant-kun said it before! But Darkness, that noble acquired the divine relic via illegal means and his reputation isn’t good. He’ll definitely deny it! And you were busy with the lordship duties!”
Darkness sighed heavily.
“If you intend to commit a crime, I’ll think of something no matter how busy I am. Even for something acquired illegally, nobles have their ways of dealing with it. If the price is right, it’s still possible to negotiate with nobles who are very sensitive to benefits. And…!”
“Ow! Ow! Darkness, stop! I’m sorry. Next time I’ll inform you before stealing!”
“Don’t you have other options besides stealing? Anyway, I’m most angry with–!”
Darkness was drilling Chris’s temples angrily. She glared at me fiercely.
“After that incident with me last night, it’s unforgivable for you to leave as if nothing happened! Don’t you have complex emotions of excitement and confusion? Do you know? When I think back on what I did, I struggled internally for a long time due to the embarrassment…!”
“Ugh! Stop, stop! My head’s about to crack! Sorry. Sorry, it’s my fault! But if it’s so embarrassing, then don’t do it in the first place! Anyway, that cliffhanger kind of kiss was unbearable for me too!”
Darkness grabbed my head and choked me…!
“Whoa!”
Chris suddenly cried out after hearing our conversation.
Then she started trembling…
“Whoa…! What Assistant-kun said last night was true…! You really did it! Darkness really took the initiative to kiss someone!!”
“Hey? Chris, this isn’t important right now! Anyway– Kazuma, you even told her such things?”
“It can’t be helped. Big Boss was interrogating me for coming so late! Anyway, given our current relationship, there’s no need to be embarrassed over a kiss! We washed each other’s backs and saw each other naked in the bath before, didn’t we? You even suggested becoming adults together when I broke into your house.”
“Ugh! Kazuma, you…! Fine, I understand. This topic is over. I’ve got no time to fool around with you! I’ll undo the ropes. Leave. Both of you can help!”
Darkness blushed and hurriedly removed the ropes.
“I just heard something amazing again. What was that about? Which stage is your relationship at? Am I the only one who’s still a kid?”
“Chris, we’ll talk about it another time! Come, let me remove your rope…”
“It can’t wait! I want details! Wait, Darkness. Why aren’t you telling me? What happened to the friendship between us girls?”
Looking at them as their roles were reversed, I rubbed the area tied by the rope.
“Y-You’re annoying, Chris. That’s not important! Seriously, both of you. Aqua. Megumin. Why must everyone make trouble when I’m acting as the lord?”
Darkness said and pressed her forehead again.
“… Uh? Hey, besides me, did Aqua and Megumin cause trouble too?”
“… Megumin’s being held at the police station. Supposedly, she used Explosion magic for no reason within the city. No matter how she was interrogated, she just said, ‘It was unbearable since I couldn’t use magic during the fireworks display. My Explosion magic’s prettier than other fireworks. I won’t repent, but I’ll compensate.’. They decided to lock her up until the end of the festival.”
Of course, Megumin was responsible for the shockwave that assaulted Undine’s mansion last night.
After watching us leave, Megumin was still concerned about us. After seeing the lights in the mansion, she knew we were in danger and used her magic.
Then, she was arrested since she couldn’t move after using Explosion magic.
I felt sorry for her. I should bring her something later.
“What about Aqua? What trouble did she cause again?”
Darkness frowned unspeakably.
“Using the unexpected popularity and turnover of this festival as the reason… The Axis cultists want to host the Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival by themselves next year.”
TL: Skythewood
Editing: Adam, BlitzBlast,, Cannongerbil, Xenthur
“Hey Aqua! What’s going on?”
In the Axis Cult Church in the suburbs.
I heard they were here getting ready for tonight’s festival, so I rushed over and angrily shouted at Aqua. Who, at the moment, was having a toast with Cecily.
“Oh, Kazuma. What’s wrong? Why are you so panicked?”
Aqua was holding a wine glass while stroking the head of the chick resting on her knees. She was like a movie villain come to life.
Cecily was standing next to her as if she was a maid attending to her master.
“Wait, I know. Kazuma, you smelled a banquet and came over for some free food, right? I guess there’s no helping it, then. You may not be an Axis cultist, but you do deserve some of the credit this time. Come here and sit by my side, I’ll share some yakisoba with you.”
Aqua said casually while taking out some small plates.
“Now’s not the time to eat, moron! What the hell is this?!”
I flashed the proposal that I took from Darkness before her nose.
“Eh? Isn’t this the proposal I made? ‘First, from next year onwards, change the festival name to the Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival and disassociate it from the Eris Church. Second, relax the restrictions on Tokoroten Slime…’ Hey, I don’t remember writing that second one!”
“I wrote the second point, Aqua-sama! I worked really hard this time, so I think I deserve a reward!”
“I see, that’s fine then. So? What’s wrong with this?”
“It’s not fine, and there’s tons of things wrong! Tell me what the hell this is about!”
Faced with my rage, Aqua started to talk with Cecily who was beside her.
“Hey, why do you think Kazuma’s so angry? Is it because we didn’t invite him to our celebration?”
“I don’t think so, Aqua-sama. It must be because we didn’t include his wishes when we wrote the proposal.”
Nodding in acknowledgement, Aqua swiftly wrote something on the proposal and then passed it to me.
“Third, from now on, swimsuits will be the official uniform for poster girls during the festival.”
“Moron! That’s not what I meant! Didn’t you get completely caught up in the moment and say you’d work hard and honestly?! Why would you do something like this?!
“Aaaaaaah!! Hey, what’re you doing?! I even went through all the trouble of adding in your wish, too!”
While Aqua was flaring up at me for tearing up the proposal, Cecily slowly came before me.
“Wait, how could you just waste Aqua-sama’s good will like that? I may be unworthy of representing the Axis Cult, but I’ll stand outside your house every night and endlessly sing hymns if I have to, you know?”
“Try it if you can! I’m going to punish every last person who did something this stupid, including you two!”
“W-Why?! We’ve worked so hard, shouldn’t it be okay to get just a little favorable treatment?! It’s like Cecily said, ‘Aqua-sama is Aqua-sama after all. You deserve to live a pleasant life, so from now on the Axis Cult will put its full effort into pampering you.’!”
“Don’t be so easily influenced by people you’ve just met! Look, just go home and stop getting involved with weird things like this already! That goes for you too, don’t make Aqua anymore useless than she already is!”
“What do you mean ‘weird things like this’?!”
Smoothly dodging the hand I’d reached out with to drag her back, Aqua nimbly hid behind a shocked Cecily.
“I’m not going back while this festival is still going. Yeah, I’m definitely not going back! …I’m a genius you know, I’ve figured it all out. As long as I stay here, everyone will worship me! And besides, even you have to agree that this festival has been a much bigger success than normal. No matter what happens, there’s no way they won’t hold a Goddess Aqua Thanksgiving Festival next year, and all the years after too. Meanwhile, just go outside and look at the Eris Church’s festival! Day after day, their customers have been streaming away to our stalls! Almost all of their stalls have fallen into slumps by now!”
Sheesh. Here I thought that I’d be able to just talk things out this time, but I guess a leopard just can’t change its spots.
After seeing her recent change, I’d thought for sure that she’d eaten something strange, but I guess whatever happened to her didn’t reach the roots.
Give me back the joy I felt over your improvement— Was what I thought, but I also felt some relief at seeing her normal self again. I hated myself for being like this.
Cecily interrupted with a self-satisfied look.
“It’s just as Aqua-sama said. Our stalls are very popular now. At this stage, it’s almost impossible for the Eris Church’s side to become popular again. Also… Please don’t think that you’re the only one with business sense here. Aqua-sama’s come up with some amazing plans!”
Anything Aqua came up with couldn’t be good.
After I left the church, I wandered around the city considering how to make them suffer.
Aqua had only gotten so carried away because the Axis Cult had honestly done well for themselves this festival.
Should I switch sides to the Eris Church and come up with some suggestions for new stalls?
…No, that wouldn’t work. I’m out of ideas, and even if we started preparing right now we’d only manage maybe one or two stalls at the most.
But there also wasn’t any other real options, so for now I should go to the Eris Church.
—When I arrived at the church, I saw…
“Hm? Assistant-kun, how’d it go?”
Chris was sweeping the grounds in front of the church with a broom.
Her question was probably about how I rushed over to yell at the Axis Cult after I heard about their proposal.
“I couldn’t do a thing. It’s too late for me to talk them out of this, and besides, they’re the type that can only learn by crashing and burning… What am I supposed to do now? This all only happened because I helped Aqua get a festival permit, so I’m at fault here. I’ll have to figure out some way to slap some sense into them before they do anything even dumber.”
I’d gotten serious, but Chris just shook her head.
“Senpai deserves to be thanked by the people for making this festival so popular. On the other hand, I couldn’t even recover Aigis. That armor is so conspicuous, yet I still couldn’t find its current location. Maybe not holding a festival for me next year is for the best. I might feel a little lonely, but I’m sure senpai will make the festival lively next year too!”
After saying that, she laughed helplessly.
She was laughing, but she seemed very lonely. Looking at her smile made my heart ache.
She was the thief whose naïvety got her into trouble. She was also the perfect goddess that everyone loved.
Not only was she my ideal type of girl, but she was also an important friend I could talk to about anything, from gossip about Megumin and Darkness to various stories about Japan.
And at the same time, she shared her secrets with me. Even though Aqua had also come to this world, she trusted me more.
When performing her duties as a goddess, she would stay in that white room alone.
When acting as the chivalrous thief, she was alone too.
She was my close friend, and my somewhat unreliable Big Boss—
She was the girl I longed for, the goddess I was happy to follow—
“I’m sorry I keep troubling you, Assistant-kun. First it was recovering the divine relics, and now it’s asking you to stop senpai’s recklessness.”
—She was sweeping the floor as if to cover up her loneliness…
“Thank you, Assistant-kun. You’re the only person who knows my true identity, as well as what I’ve been doing. I haven’t been secretly working against the Demon King’s army secret because I wanted to be praised but… Because of you, I feel like all of my hard work has been worth it.”
While smiling gently like the goddess Eris.
…………
“Big Boss… No, Eris-sama. There’s something I’d like the Eris cultists to help out with.”
Facing the puzzled Chris, I once more repeated the phrase I’d said often to the committee members.
“I have a plan.”
—Today was the last day of the festival.
The weather was hot, but that didn’t stop the passions of the many customers.
“I’m very happy and honored to be the host of this event…”
Everyone was in Axel’s town square.
While standing on a stage in the middle of the square, a man wearing a tuxedo was speaking into a microphone-like magic item.
“A special event for this festival, organized by the Eris Church— The first Goddess Eris Beauty Pageant has officially begun!”
The host loudly announced. The audience below the stage cheered wildly.
This was my plan to kill two birds with one stone:
A beauty pageant organized by the Eris Church.
“Hey, Assistant-kun? There are so many things wrong with this situation I don’t know which one I should complain about.”
“It’s fine to just enjoy the festival, Big Boss.”
I casually responded to Chris’s helpless complaints.
I knew an event like this would make the festival more lively.
I knew it, but I didn’t actually think I could make it happen. I thought the straight-laced Eris cuItists wouldn’t tolerate adding Eris’ name to a beauty pageant.
But the situation was different now.
If the Eris cultists didn’t succeed here and now, their goddess might not have a Thanksgiving festival next year.
I used all of my might to convince the Eris cultists, which of course included Darkness. And at long last, this proposal became reality.
“I still can’t believe Darkness actually accepted your willful request.”
“Doesn’t that just show how important Eris-sama is to her?”
Darkness had ranted, “Using Eris-sama’s name for a beauty pageant is blasphemy!” and kept pestering me for a long time. I finally convinced her by saying, “This’ll restore the prestige of the Eris Church and help us recover a divine relic. Eris-sama won’t mind.”
Chris shyly scratched her cheek.
“I-If it’s just using my name, I don’t really mind…”
“Tell that to Darkness. She was still insisting that she didn’t want to go this morning.”
Chris and I were standing in the last row so we could see the entire square, including the stage.
That way, it’d be much easier to find and catch Aigis.
This wasn’t all just to save the Eris Church.
This beauty pageant was bait.
The precious divine relic that was still wandering around in the city might leave at any moment.
The fastest way to recover Aigis would be to find a beautiful woman that it could accept as a master.
So I asked Darkness to participate in the beauty pageant in order to be one of the lures…
“…Um, I think the main reason Darkness didn’t want to participate wasn’t the beauty pageant itself, it was…”
Chris was about to say something, but I couldn’t care less right now.
I’d rented a magic camera for the day and prepared a telephoto lens.
It was obvious what I wanted to do.
I aimed the camera at the stage.
The women of this city, who were especially confident in their looks, were all smiling on the stage.
“Now for the first contestant… Please tell us your name, age, and occupation!”
The major event involving the Eris Church, Chris, and Darkness had successfully started. But would Aigis really fall for a trap this simple?
This pageant was supposed to solve all of my problems at once but…
…Damn it, now I’m getting worried. I need to calm down, it’ll all work out.
That jerk’s thinking and behavior were both pretty predictable.
Although I’d rather not admit it, the fact was that that jerk was somewhat similar to me.
While vigilantly keeping an eye on the surroundings, I glanced at the beauties on the stage.
“Hmmm… In my opinion, she’s too thin. Her face is nice at least, but that’s about it…”
Chris thought that we would be in for the long haul, so she left to buy some drinks.
I was definitely just glancing.
Besides, I’d notice an armor as conspicuous as Aigis the second it appeared.
So I stared at the slender beauty and gave my own appraisal.
“Is that so? She seems like she’d have a strong personality type too. But you know, her figure is actually quite nice. It’s just her clothes that make her look thin.”
“That’s true, she definitely seems strong-willed. A slender body and a strong will, that’s a good combination. But she’s the type who looks thin in clothes, huh… I should’ve asked the judges to include a swimsuit segment.”
“Hey, why didn’t you include such an important item? What kind of idiot are you?!”
…….
“I’ve caught you!”
“Ugh! What is this? What are you doing?! Don’t fool around while something so important is happening!”
I actually agreed that now was an important time, but one of the reasons this beauty pageant was even hosted was to catch this thing.
I tossed the net that I’d prepared earlier over Aigis, who’d appeared so blatantly before me.
The careless Aigis was easily caught by the net.
“I didn’t think you’d be dumb enough to take the bait so fast. This beauty pageant was organized to lure you out!”
“Wh-What did you say?! That’s actually a little impressive, my opinion of you has gone up!”
This idiot was what Chris and I had spent so much effort on?
I wished it could refund us.
“Anyway, you came way too fast! It hasn’t even been five minutes since the pageant started! You’d better apologize to Chris, she went off to buy some drinks because she thought this would take a while!”
“Hey, can you quiet down? I can’t hear that girl’s self-introduction. Look, the host is asking her what she’s been eating to get breasts that big.”
“…I guess there’s no other way, then. We’ll continue after she finishes. But I get to keep the upper hand here, okay?”
“That’s fine, we’ll resume after that girl goes backstage.”
After we decided on our temporary truce, I tried not to let Aigis out of my sight while I waited.
The guests around us didn’t notice the disturbance we made, they were fully concentrating on the stage.
Finally, the girl finished her introduction and walked off the stage.
“Okay, let’s continue! I went through a lot of trouble because of you, so you’d better behave yourself!”
“Hah, come at me if you can! The Sacred Armor Aigis more than lives up to its reputation! In the past, my master and I sliced and diced an exceedingly great number of monsters! Throw whatever you want at me, I’ll cut it to ribbons!”
As we started fighting again, we both tried various ways to gain the upper hand. And then—
“Alright, thank you very much. And that was Sonya’s introduction! Wow, that contestant sure had some splendid twin peaks! But the next entry shouldn’t be underestimated either! She’s the well-endowed contestant who could potentially be the winner of this pageant!! Now, open the curtains!”
The host’s words put the audience in an unusual frenzy.
Aigis and I both stopped pulling at the net and watched the stage intently.
The girl who appeared next really was impressive.
As for how impressive— She was probably a match for Wiz or Darkness…
“…Hey, can we wait until she finishes before starting again?”
“…It can’t be helped. Let’s wait until then.”
“Sorry about this. Also, can you take a picture with that camera? Don’t worry, I won’t try to escape.”
“……Now that I think about it, there’s not much point trying to hold you down. There are so many people around that even if you tried to run away in all of that armor I could just ask them all for help and catch you easily. And holding this pose is exhausting, too.”
I loosened my grip on the net and pointed the camera at the stage.
“Hey! Look at that, that’s foul play! Ugh, why couldn’t you arrange a swimsuit segment?!”
“I didn’t have a choice, I was in a tight spot too! My companion said that if she had to wear a swimsuit, she wouldn’t participate! But damn, now I’m kinda regretting it. If I knew things would be like this, I would’ve insisted…!”
Aigis and I complained while standing on our tiptoes to watch the beauty pageant—
“Hey, hey, hey, is that defenseless outfit really okay?! Then again, it is summer after all. I guess there’s nothing wrong with wearing a swimsuit!”
“She’s one of the poster girls, I was the one who suggested letting them wear swimsuits. It’s, um, to prevent heat stroke. Oh, and to make things more convenient during water fights.”
“You’re really quite clever. I suppose it can’t be helped if it’s to prevent heat stroke. It’d be bad if they got sick, after all. Woah there, the next girl isn’t very good. Her dress is cute, but she’s trying to get by on just her outfit and her makeup.”
“That’s just heresy, makeup should only enhance your natural look. If I were the judge, I’d deduct points for using that much.”
I complained, not that it stopped me from snapping a few shots anyways.
“Time for the next contestant! Everyone should be familiar with the destitute shop owner whose name is synonymous with ‘pitiful’! But recently she seems to have made some money, so the truth is somewhat different now! Her reason for participating is to win the prize money to clear her debts! Everyone, please welcome— the shop owner of Wiz’s Magic Tool Shop!”
“Yeeeeeees! It’s Wiz, it’s Wiz! Aaaah, I just knew that Wiz looked her best in an apron!”
“Hey, I want to hug this high level girl! I want to tightly hug this woman who looks so huggable! Or let her come inside me! But it’s obvious that she’s a magic user, how regrettable that her job is so incompatible with me. Damn it, why couldn’t she change to a frontline job?!”
Aigis and I were excited at Wiz’s unexpected appearance.
The audience was energetic too. I was worried that the high voltage atmosphere might make the next contestant nervous, but…
“Now then, next up is… Oh. It’s the contestants in succubus costumes! To think they’d dare to dress up as demons even though this pageant is being held in the honor of Eris-sama, these ladies are quite… bold…”
The excited host’s voice grew softer and softer before finally becoming silent.
I couldn’t blame him.
“Uwaaaaaaaaaaah! Hey, what is this? To think that there’d be three people with such a high level! And the sultry lady on the right and the loli on the left are both very nice, but just what’s the deal with that beauty in the middle?! I’ve never seen such gorgeousness!  What a demon! No, a demon girl! That goes far beyond a mere devil, that’s an outright demon girl!”
As if it were broken, Aigis made a tremendous uproar. The audience was absolutely silent.
There were three succubi on the stage.
I was familiar with the ones on the left and right.
They worked at the shop I frequently visited.
But I had never seen the beauty in the middle, even though I was a regular customer.
Next time, I should ask for her to appear in my dreams.
The succubus beauty in the middle took over the microphone.
“Everyone, good evening. After seeing so many contestants, everyone must be a little tired… Let me strip off my clothes and bring everyone into the world of fantasy…!”
The beauty said with a seductive voice as she placed her hands on her clothes—
Everyone’s gazes were fixed on the succubus costume, which was very alluring to begin with.
Nobody in the audience spoke a word, having swallowed their saliva in anticipation of the next moment.
Was this beauty really going to strip in front of so many people?!
Was she serious?!
Had these lusty monsters been affected by the festive mood? Were they going to show their true forms?!
“Hey, hey, get the camera! Get the camera ready! Stay focused!”
“Ah— My bad! That was dangerous, even I got caught up… But that’s a true succubus for you, what a pro at fanservice!”
I set up the camera, preparing to take the best possible shot I could. And then, the beauty stripped off her clothes…!
“Gorgeous molting! Muwahahahahaha, did you think I was a succubus queen? Too bad, it was actually moi, the assistant of Wiz’s Magic Tool Shop! Oooh. This entire location is overflowing with negative emotions, how delicious!! Wiz’s Magic Tool Shop is currently offering life consultation. If anyone has any problems, please visit us!”
…………
“Please don’t throw things onto the stage! I understand everyone’s feelings, I really do! But please stop throwing things!”
Even after Vanir and the two succubi had left, rubbish was still being thrown at the host, who was still on the stage.
It goes without saying that Aigis and I were throwing things too.
After the audience had calmed down, the host pulled himself together and pointed exaggeratedly at the other side of the stage.
“N-Now then! Next up is a favorite to win today. Surely everyone in this town must already know her! Sometimes she’s an adventurer and sometimes she’s the multiple-time champion of the Endurance Contest. And now, she’s a contestant in the Goddess Eris Beauty Pageant! Please welcome the daughter of the noble Dustiness family, Lady Lalatina Ford Dustiness!”
She was finally here!
Since she was good looking, I asked her to act as the bait for Aigis. But since I already caught Aigis back at the start of the pageant, her entry was kind of pointless now.
I wanted to ask Megumin too, but too bad she was still held up in the police station.
“Wow! Good, good, she’s very good! A pretty face, a sexy figure, and she’s a noble?! She’ll definitely get a high score!”
Aigis got excited when Darkness appeared.
Darkness had dressed up beautifully today, like she was a noble lady visiting a villa for leisure or something. She seemed very concerned about the pageant.
She was wearing the white dress that she usually wore in the mansion. She’d put on some light makeup, had her hair tied into a single braid hanging over her shoulder, and had a big white hat on her head.
Standing in front of the audience, she shyly blocked her blushing face with the hat and lowered her head.
“That’s right, that’s right! This girl is one of my companions. I asked her to participate as bait to lure you out!”
“Are you serious? She’s great, really great! Hey, I’ll let her be my master! I’d definitely protect that sexy body from harm!”
Not only was capturing Aigis unexpectedly easy, but finding it a new master also turned out to be simple.
“But she’s a Crusader, you know? A frontline job specialized in enduring the enemy’s attacks. Didn’t you say before that even an armor feels pain? And it might not be obvious right now, but she’s got a six pack of abs.”
“I see. Well, that’s not too bad… But a Crusader… Damn it, why’d she have to be a Crusader… I really love how she looks too, it’ll probably be hard to find someone better…”
Secretly, I agreed with Aigis’ troubled assessment.
It was true that from the outside, she looked great. Both her face and her figure were astounding.
If only her personality was better, then she would be perfect. But instead she turned out like that.
Sheesh, what a waste…
“Well, you might as well keep watching. There’re still other contestants.”
“You’re right, there’s no need to decide before the pageant is over. Oh, her self-introduction is starting.”
The host’s voice had gone up in tension, probably because Darkness was a noble.
“Now then, let’s do this properly! Everyone should already know you, but please give us your name, age, and occupation!”
“…My name is Lalataina Ford Dustiness… I’m 18, and right now I’m working as the temporary lord…”
Maybe it was because she was nervous, but Darkness’ voice was very soft even after the microphone amplified it.
Her inner turmoil was obvious, even from a distance.
At that moment, an adventurer in the audience shouted out.
“Lalatina! Speak louder, we can’t hear you!”
Then, one after another—
“You’re so pretty today, young lady!”
“What happened to your usual armor? But what you’re wearing right now is cute too, Lalatina!”
There were voices teasing her everywhere.
Besides me, Darkness was also well known among the adventurers in this town.
And these drunken adventurer acquaintances of hers were taking the opportunity to tease her.
Looking at her face, embarrassed to the verge of tears, awakened my inner sadist.
“Well done, Lalatina! Now’s your chance to show us the abs that you’re so proud of!”
“Isn’t she your companion?”
“You moron, isn’t that why I have to cheer her on? Look at that blushing face on the verge of tears. You won’t see something like that everyday, you know? She can definitely win like this!”
“I see, so you’re actually doing a good thing. Okay, I’ll help you! Hey miss, give us some more fanservice!”
Following my lead, Aigis egged her on. Seeing this, the other adventurers also started taunting her.
“Yeah, yeah, show us your body!”
“How about putting on a swimsuit?”
“Your lordship, lift up your skirt for us!”
The usually useless Darkness was now in the limelight like an idol.
I was very excited and shouted even louder.
“You might as well strip!”
Hearing this, Darkness looked at me with a shocked expression.
Whoops, I’ve been found.
“That’s right. Strip now!”
“Darkness! Strip!”
“Strip! Strip!!”
“Strip! Strip!!”
At this single moment in time, everyone in the square was of one mind. We all shouted out in unison for her to strip…!
“What are you two doing?”
Chris had returned with the drinks. Her icy voice sobered Aigis and I up.
“—Seriously, you guys are terrible. Don’t bully my friend.”
“It’s not like that, it’s just that when I saw all of the attention and cheering Darkness was getting, I got the impulse to set her up as a… super idol or something…”
“What kind of super idol gets yelled at to strip? …Even Aigis was messing around like this… You’re supposed to be a divine relic of the highest grade, too…“
We were at a place just a little bit away from the last row of the audience.
Standing in front of Chris, who was so disappointed that she was about to cry, Aigis and I were bowing our heads.
I spoke up as she was sighing deeply:
“But hey, at least we caught this thing like we were planning. And one way or another, this event’s made the Eris Church pretty popular too. Isn’t that a good thing?”
“This isn’t good at all! Anyway, how are we going to clean up this mess?!”
There were cries of anguish and complaints coming from the audience now.
Enraged by the repeated cries to strip, Darkness had pounced at the audience and started to beat up the adventurers.
The adventurers had frantically tried to resist, but since everyone was unarmed, Darkness had the upper hand.
…It might be a good idea to have her try fighting monsters unarmed next time.
“This is getting interesting, that girl’s tough! Beauties and brawls are the spice of any festival, I’m getting pumped too! Burn, my passion! Glow, my body! Alright, I’m joining in on this fight!”
“Don’t make this mess any bigger! Aaaaagh, Aigis, I’m begging you, please just settle down… Look, after the Demon King is defeated, I won’t just grant the hero’s wish with my authority as a goddess. I’ll grant your wish too, so please…
Chris sighed as she held down Aigis, whose excitement had been set off by the sudden brawl.
In response, Aigis shrugged.
“So this kid’s talking about being a goddess again. Listen, girlie, I know goddesses. I’ve met with them before. Or rather, it was a goddess who gave me to a certain girl. Anyway, let me tell you this: when it comes to goddesses, there isn’t a single decent one around.”
“What did you saaaaaaaaaay?!”
Yeah, there really wasn’t.
The goddess who (probably) gave this armor away and was currently in the midst of plotting evil deeds with her cult flashed through my mind.
“You…! You…!! Ugh, I can’t take this anymore! Before I find a suitable new master for you, I’ll seal you away in the lake! There are other divine relics in there, anyways, so you can just keep each other company!”
“A punch like that won’t leave a scratch on my body! I’m a divine relic, after all! Haha, you should try harder, little girl!”
“Aaaaargh!”
I ignored Chris, who was still trying to punch Aigis despite the pain, and took a look at the surroundings.
The audience members nearby were all enjoying the ongoing fight between Darkness and the others.
This was far from what I’d planned, it was practically becoming a circus show. Still, it was definitely really lively.
But what about the main goal of this event?
Luring Aigis out was our goal.
But we were also supposed to be using today’s festival to restore the authority of the Eris Church…
—And then, by chance, we learned that this goal had not yet been achieved.
“Man, that was hilarious. I guess this was supposed to be a beauty pageant, but all of the famous girls in our town only look nice. Something like this was bound to happen. But you know, for something that straight-laced Eris Church came up with, this was actually kinda fun.”
Said one of the audience members before us.
“Yeah, I guess. But personally, I think we should just let the Axis Cult host the festival next year. Those Axis cultists are all idiots, but they sure know how to throw a festival!”
“That’s right, those people might be idiots, but they’re always so merry! They really are idiots, though!”
Similar comments sprung up everywhere. There were even people who wanted to leave after finding out who was the most beautiful girl in town.
Chris stopped her attacks on Aigis.
“The Eris Chuch really did work hard, but for something like an annual festival it’s just better for things to be lively.”
“That’s for sure. I heard the planning committee’s still thinking about whether or not they should officially change it to the Aqua Festival next year. It might end up a vote.”
“Is that so? Well anyways, I bet the Axis cultists are doing some stupid stuff right now at their stalls. Let’s go over there once this event’s over.”
…And then.
“Ah-Ahahah. The children here worked really hard, but I guess it couldn’t be helped. But wow, I guess people really are talking about canceling the Eris Festival from next year.”
As if to avoid worrying me, Chris smiled and looked at me. She seemed very lonely.
“Actually, I guess I shouldn’t have been having fun at a festival in the first place. Even as we speak, a lot of people are being tormented by monsters… So I need to focus on gathering as many of the divine relics as I can.”
Chris, who had been secretly doing good deeds for the world, said while pretending not to mind.
She then looked at Aigis again.
“Please, Aigis. Will you obey me?”
“Guh… This scene is a little moving, but I won’t obey you just because you look sad!”
…………
“Hey, Aigis. I’ll introduce you to a very beautiful girl, so could you listen to Chris’s orders?”
“Hm? A very beautiful girl? …Wait, I know what you’re planning. You’re talking about that, aren’t you? That masked man from earlier! You’re just going to make that guy transform into a beautiful girl then tell me, ‘Look, I introduced you to a beautiful girl.’ Well you won’t fool me so easily—“
“Big Boss… No. Let me address you as Eris-sama… I have a somewhat— No, a very difficult request.”
I interrupted Aigis’ speech, looked into Chris’s eyes and lowered my head.
Chris looked a bit embarrassed.
“Hey, isn’t this girl named Chris? What do you mean by Eris-sama? Has your brain… Hm? Is this heat stroke? Or maybe a fever? Anyways, this won’t do. You said it yourself, it’s important to prevent heat stroke. Wait here, I’ll get a doctor. Consider it your reward for coming up with such a wonderful plan—“
“It’s fine, Assistant-kun… No. I will listen to your request, Kazuma-san. If it is within my capabilities, please tell me.”
Chris looked at me seriously.
“Bah! I might have a calm temperament, but I’ll still get angry if you keep ignoring me! Hey, what’re you two planning?!”
I spoke to Aigis, who was complaining in a metallic voice after being ignored.
“Hey, Aigis. I’ll let you see the real thing next.”
In the end, the berserk Darkness was subdued by the management and brought to a room to calm down alone.
The scene was still a bit restless, but at least the event could continue now. The host on the stage used his microphone once more.
“Um, the disturbance has more or less ended. Now then, all of the contestants have shown themselves. It’s time to announce the winner of the Goddess Eris Beauty Pageant—“
At the moment the host said this.
—The noisy crowd suddenly fell silent.
The rowdy adventurers.
The merchants who were preparing to leave.
Everyone, regardless of gender or age, was focused on the stage.
At some point, a gently smiling girl had appeared in the middle of the stage.
“…What… Huh? Uh, um…”
Everyone was staring at the girl. Only the host managed to say something—
“…Um. We’ll consider you as a last minute contestant… if that’s… okay…?”
The girl continued to stand in the center of the stage, smiling warmly.
—That’s right.
The beauty’s face, her dress, her everything, it all looked like the commonly depicted form of the goddess Eris in this world.
“That’s alright. I’m sorry for deciding to join the contest at the very last minute. I must have troubled everyone.”
Eris put her hands together and bowed to apologize. That alone was enough to cause the host almost unbearable embarrassment.
“N-N-N-N-N-No, it’s okay! Amazing! What an amazing surprise! Thank you very much for participating in this Goddess Eris-sama Beauty Pageant!”
And just like that, the host added “–sama” to the name of the event. Maybe he’d somehow sensed the true identity of the girl standing in front of him.
But everyone still had some doubts like, “Would this really happen?”.
The square that had suddenly fallen into silence as if time had frozen began to move once more, though there still wasn’t much noise.
Completely silent and totally still, Aigis stood beside me.
Finally, the host on the stage pulled himself together and awkwardly moved the microphone before Eris’ face.
“So, um, so then… Because every contestant needs to answer some questions, please forgive me but… If you can, could you please tell us your name and such…”
The host asked in trepidation and anticipation.
Hearing his question, Eris smiled so sweetly that everyone sighed. She said:
“My name is Eris.”
In an instant, cheers echoed through the city square.
There were people fanatically screaming “Eris-sama”.
There were people silently looking up at Eris as if they were intoxicated.
There were also people who put their hands together in sincere prayers.
The people near me, who were possibly Eris cultists, kneeled down and cried.
“S-So this is the power of a goddess. This goes way beyond any of my expectations.”
A bit uneasy with this exaggerated reaction, I tried to speak to Aigis, who was still standing as still as a statue next to me.
Then, the unmoving Aigis finally started to tremble.
“I’ve found her…”
It said softly.
“I’ve found her. I’ve found heeeeeeeeeeer! I did it, I found her! I’ve found my master! Who is she? Hey, who is she!? Why is there such a beautiful girl in this world!? I don’t understand. I don’t understand!!”
“H-Hey, calm down! It’s weird saying this to an armor that shouldn’t even have a personality, but you’re breaking characterI”
I tried to calm the panicked Aigis down. Meanwhile, the host continued his questions on the stage.
“I, um, uh, wow, uh, th-thank you very much! Thank you very much for answering my question! Um… There are still two more questions, so…”
The excited host flinched and asked.
The two remaining questions were her age and her occupation.
Eris smiled.
“Those are a secret.”
She playfully closed one eye and put her index finger to her lips.
Cheers resounded once again. The entire scene was shaking.
As was a person— No, an armor…
The (self-proclaimed) divine relic roared as it shook unnaturally!
“No good! This is just no good! Eris-sama, please stop making those killer moves! I, Aigis, cannot endure any more of your mischievous poses!”
“You’re the only no good thing here, are you even the same armor anymore?! Anyways, you’re being noisy so shut up. If you can do that, I’ll introduce you to her.”
Hearing this, Aigis trembled violently.
“Seriously!? Really? Did you… No, did milord just say that I’d be introduced to that lady?!”
“Yeah, isn’t it like I just said? ‘I’ll introduce you to a very beautiful girl, so could you listen to Chris’s orders?’ By the way, the goddess Eris standing over there is actually Chris. She said she was a goddess a few times herself, but you just refused to believe her.”
“Fuuuuuck! What should I do? What should I do!? How should I apologize to Eris-sama!? Hey, you, come and apologize with me. I’ll let you wear me for a while!”
Honestly, I didn’t want to wear Aigis, but it had no more reason to disobey Chris now.
I smiled bitterly at her, who was watching us from the stage and smiling happily—
“The goddess Eris-sama has descended!”
I heard someone shouting loudly.
“—Eris-sama, please shake my hand! Recently, I’ve been really unlucky! Please bless me as the goddess of luck!”
Who said that?
Perhaps it was a very urgent wish. This person’s shout was heard clearly even amidst the noise and fervor.
The scene quieted down as a result.
…Wait. Wasn’t this situation really bad?
“Me too! Eris-sama, please shake hands with me too!”
“You idiot, I was first!”
“Eris-sama, I have a hungry kitten at home! Please bless me so I can win the lottery on my way home…!”
The excited audience members were trying to climb onto the stage.
“Everyone, please calm down! Please don’t climb onto the stage!”
The host tried to maintain order, but nobody was listening to him anymore.
On stage, Eris was a bit troubled, but she still shook hands with her believers.
Eris-sama, you’re too obliging. Everything would’ve been fine if you’d just solemnly refused!
“Hey, we have to protect Eris-sama!”
“Y-Yeah, this is getting bad! Look. There’s a greedy idiot who’s holding Eris-sama’s hand and refusing to let go!”
Shouting these words, the Eris cultists near me charged.
This was indeed getting bad. The mood was like an idol shaking hands with her fans, but these people were unnaturally excited. It wouldn’t be weird if someone tried to pull something bad.
“Hey, Aigis, help out already! If this keeps up, Eris-sama will get squashed! If you want to apologize to her, then do a good job protecting her!”
“Oh! What is this development that could let me die without regrets?! I’ll definitely protect her! I’ll super protect her! Let me, the Sacred Armor Aigis, protect Eris-sama’s untainted body and her chaste blood!”
“Huh? No, um, what do you mean by chaste blood…? You must not know much about this. Do you even know what that means?”
“Eris-sama is a goddess, so she must be a virgin! She must be the type that will scream and cover her face in embarrassment when she sees a naked man. But she’ll still peek through her fingers because she’s slightly curious. She’s kind-hearted and gentle, so her scent is very fragrant.”
How obsessed were you?
“Hey, hurry up already! Once you reach the stage, hide Eris-sama inside yourself then break through the mob!”
“This is great! To think I’d become one with Eris-sama so soon! E-Eris-sama will be inside my body… Heheheh…”
“Hey, are you really okay? Why do I suddenly feel like you’re the most dangerous thing here? You should just concentrate on clearing the mob, didn’t you say you were good at fighting?”
As if to answer me, Aigis charged into the chaotic mob.
“Indeed. After finding my true master, I’m blazing hotter than anyone else in this crowd! Make way! Touch me and you’ll get burnt!”
“Agh, hot! What’s wrong with this guy?! Who wears a full suit of armor on a day as hot as this? He’s crazy!”
“Don’t push! Your hot plate armor’s going to burn… No… Ugh!”
“Pour some water on this guy!”
Oh, right. This thing had been standing around for a while on such a hot day. The entire armor must be scorching.
I passed through the crowd, which had split up to escape the scorching Aigis, charging right for the stage.
“K-Kazuma-san! H-How should we resolve this disturbance…?”
Eris asked in panic as she continued to honestly shake hands with the mob.
“Aigis is coming. Hide inside him and escape to somewhere quiet! …Hey, you! Stop holding onto Eris-sama’s hand! If you like shaking hands so much, then give my hand a try!”
“No, stop! I’ve already vowed to never to wash my hand again for the rest of my life!”
I forcefully shook his hand and made him cry. At this moment, Aigis had made its way past all of the people and arrived on the stage.
“Sorry for the wait, master. Please enter my body! The chant to equip me is ‘I want to be Aigis’ bride!’ Hurry, say it!”
“I-I want to be Aigis’ br…”
“Don’t be tricked, Eris-sama! And you! Stop messing around already, this isn’t the time!”
Aigis shrugged in regret.
“If I must… Come, master! Combine!”
And then, the armor emitted a glaring light.
The light was so bright that everyone, including the host and I, hurriedly shut their eyes. And when we opened them to look at Eris again…!
“Hot! It’s so hot, Kazuma-san! I’m going to be cooked!”
Eris cried out in anguish from within the armor.
Not good. I forgot this thing was really hot right now.
I lifted my right hand towards Aigis.
“Freeze!”
“Magic is useless.”
Oh, right. Skills and magic didn’t work on this thing!
“Eris-sama vanished?”
“Where did Eris-sama go?!”
“Did she return to the heavens?”
“No, those two guys who climbed onto the stage did something!”
After realizing Eris had vanished in the flash of light, the crowd started climbing onto the stage while pointing at Aigis and I.
“This is bad… Hey, Aigis! I’ll draw their attention, you run away with Eris-sama!”
“Leave it to me! And since you’re so working hard, let me reward you with some good news! Just as I thought, Eris-sama smells really good!”
This thing was hopeless.
But, well, I’m still kind of happy to hear that!
“K-Kazuma-san?! The crowd is getting violent, that’s too dangerous…!”
Unconcerned with Aigis’ naughty words, Eris called out in a fuzzy voice from inside the armor.
I replied:
“It’ll be fine. These guys don’t have any weapons, I can’t lose.”
That’s right. If the opponents are unarmed, then I have the advantage with my Drain Touch skill.
I raised my hand towards the people who were climbing onto the stage.
“Why don’t you cool your heads?! Create Water!”
As I said that, a great deal of water rained down on their heads!
“Gwah?! This bastard!”
“You’ve really done it now! Hey, let’s do him in!”
“That’s Kazuma, the infamously weak adventurer! Gang up on him!”
The people who I’d just drenched climbed onto the stage and charged right at me.
I’d successfully gotten their attention.
Perhaps because Eris was still resisting inside the armor, Aigis hadn’t left yet. So I said:
“Big Boss, please get out of here. It’s the minion’s job to cover for the boss when they have to escape capture, after all.”
“A-Assistant-kun…”
I turned my back on Aigis, who was still hadn’t moved, and faced the crowd.
“Anyways, today’s the last day of the festival. When you think about festivals, you should think of stalls and fireworks. And of course, the spice of any festival, a brawl!”
I clenched my fist.
“Bring it on!”
“Assistant-kun!”
Aigis must have finally brought her away, because Eris’ voice was getting more and more distant behind me. Listening to her shouts, I charged the angry mob——!
Standing in front of me with her arms crossed, Darkness was looking down at me.
“Well if it isn’t the mastermind. So? What do you have to say for yourself about this incident?”
After making a scene at the beauty pageant, I was arrested by the police and thrown into jail.
After being instructed to “stay here and calm down”, I spent the last day of the festival hugging my knees alone in jail. And then, finally…
“Hey. I’m grateful you bailed me out, but isn’t this treatment is a bit much?”
Thanks to Darkness, I was released from jail. But upon returning to the mansion, I was immediately forced to sit up straight in the living room.
Aqua was sitting right next to me. She was hugging Emperor Zell and looking at me with glowing eyes.
It looks like this moron did something dumb.
But why did Aqua look at me like I’d come to join her in getting lectured?
Like me, Megumin was also released due to Darkness pulling some strings. She was tiredly lying on the sofa while looking at me as if she didn’t know what to say.
“And why are you calling me a mastermind? Tell me the details of what happened after I was arrested by the police.”
Although I couldn’t imagine what I might’ve done wrong, I still placed my hands on the carpet, ready to bow my head at a moment’s notice.
“Then let me ask you… When you suggested to the shopping district chairman to let both cults jointly host the festival, did you say: ‘If we incite Axis Cult and Eris Church to compete, the festival will become livelier and the shopping district will make more money.’?”
I kneeled down at lightning speed.
Darkness continued to speak.
“And I heard from Aqua that you were the one who first thought of combining the Eris Thanksgiving Festival and the Aqua Thanksgiving Festival. Meanwhile, the shopping district chairman said that you were the one who came up with those suspicious proposals like making the poster girls wear swimsuits and that costume parade… It’s all true, isn’t it, Mr. Advisor? This was brought over by the chairman. He said it was your reward.”
It seemed everything was exposed when the chairman sent the reward over.
Very few people knew that I was living with Darkness.
What should I do? Everyone’s gazes were so icy.
Could I get by by playing the fool?
“Don’t make that guilty expression like we’re bullying you. But still, I guess I shouldn’t blame you. It’s not like keeping a cut of the festival’s profits was something the previous landlord did. You should be proud of yourself and openly take this money… What? Aren’t you going to take it, Mr. Advisor?”
Intentionally pretending to be understanding, Darkness showed me a huge bag of money.
Just stop. You might as well just scold me fiercely.
“Darkness, wait. There’s something I’m concerned about too… Kazuma. I’ve heard that recently, you’ve gotten close to a lot of women. For example, you’ve supposedly been out drinking all night with those women who dressed up as succubi. Now I’m not saying you can’t do that. After all, it’s not like you’re dating anyone.”
Megumin suddenly tossed out a bomb.
“Y-You really did as you pleased this time… Um, but I guess it’s not my place to criticize your private life. We don’t have that kind of relationship, after all… But we were getting along so well, don’t you feel guilty at all?”
Hey, Darkness, what’re you saying?
When she heard that, Megumin snapped her head towards Darkness.
“Wait, I just heard something I can’t ignore! When were you two ‘getting along so well’? What’s that supposed to mean? Do you think you’re some kind of princess now after he saved you from the landlord? But more importantly, exactly how well are you two getting along? What stage are you at? Did you cross the line during the festival and enter a physical relationship? That’s just debauchery!”
“N-No, it’s not like that…! Actually, we don’t even have a physical relationship yet…!”
“Did you say ‘yet’? So it’s going to become that kind of relationship someday?! You slut!”
Darkness cried out in anguish while being pestered by Megumin. I turned to Aqua—
“Hey, Aqua. Don’t you think that right now I’m like a harem protagonist?”
“Wait, you’re being lectured right now. Why are you so happy?”
Hearing our conversation, Darkness hurriedly spoke up to avoid Megumin’s interrogation.
“Anyways. Anyways! Aqua! Next up is you! Really, how are you going to solve this?!”
Darkness’ hair was already a mess.
“…Darkness, let’s talk this over. It’s like that masked devil said, humans are a species capable of communicating.”
While sitting next to me, Aqua placed Emperor Zell on her knees and said something unusually reasonable.
By the way, what’d she actually do?
“That’s true. I think communication is very important too. Yes, if you’d talked to me from the start, things wouldn’t have become like this.”
Darkness replied after thinking for a bit.
—When I asked for details, it turned out to be like this:
On the day of Goddess Eris Beauty Pageant.
The Axis cultists were getting carried away because their stalls had been very profitable recently. They decided to use one of Aqua’s business schemes to deliver a finishing blow to the Eris Church.
It was one of the fabulous plans that Cecily had mentioned.
This moron who knew way too much about Japanese business had gotten involved with a ridiculous scheme.
“But wow, who would’ve thought that you could come up with such an impressive marketing scheme. A scheme that’s only profitable for the people at the top, too. Hey, isn’t it amazing that Aqua came up with something so amazing?”
Megumin asked as if she was impressed.
Meanwhile, Darkness leaned forward as if that weren’t important at all.
“So, just who taught you this ‘pyramid scheme’? I find it quite hard to believe that you could come up with such a difficult crime on your own.”
Darkness brought her face close to Aqua.
Aqua turned and pointed.
At me.
“Stop screwing around, you’re just trying to frame me! Wait, now that I think about it, a long time ago when I was complaining about our debts I said ‘Sheesh. We can’t make money at all. Maybe I should try out a pyramid scheme.’ And then I explained how to do it!”
“So it was you! How involved do you have to be in this incident before you’re satisfied?!”
“Wait, I didn’t ask her to do this! In my country, this was widely considered criminal… Hey, Aqua. You should’ve known very well that this was criminal! Don’t pretend you didn’t hear that part!”
That’s right. This idiot used the Axis cultists to run a pyramid scheme.
The legal system in this parallel world was not as extensive as the one on Earth, so it had no resistance against pyramid schemes.
And thanks to all the people drawn in by the festival, the pyramid grew rapidly and made a lot of money in just one day.
In fact, it made too much money.
So much that Darkness immediately noticed.
Aqua suddenly lifted her head to look at Darkness.
“I couldn’t help it! I heard that Eris herself shamelessly joined the beauty contest pageant! If things kept going the way they were, the Eris Church would become popular again! And besides, I needed a lot of money to host the Aqua Festival by itself next year…!”
“That’s not an excuse to commit a crime! And now that I think about it, the root of this problem was you whining about wanting the Axis Cult to host a Thanksgiving Festival…”
“But, but, isn’t it unfair to only praise Eris? Why can’t I have a festival!? Why can’t I be praised!? I want to be served and worshipped too! And besides, pyramid schemes aren’t considered a crime!”
“You’re right, they’re not a crime yet. Not yet, that is! There just isn’t a law regarding this new form of scam yet, it’s clearly something wicked!”
As their argument started to heat up, Megumin and I shared a look and smiled bitterly.
“Since the law couldn’t stop me, what I did can’t be considered a crime! So give me back the money I made! Give me back the funds for next year’s Aqua Festival!”
“That money has already been returned to the victims! Aqua, if you keep this up, you’ll have a criminal record like Megumin and Kazuma!”
“Hey, wait, I only got put in jail to clear my head, that’s not a criminal record!”
“Yeah, what he said! I only got warned by the police, too!”
Shortly after sunset, I went to a certain party being held in the merchant district.
“Kazuma, you’re late, we’ve already started! Hey, come over here!”
—You could call it a night festival, but that wasn’t quite right.
This was a celebration held on the final day of the festival.
The organizers of the festival booked the entire merchant district in order to host a banquet.
Among the guests were the chairman and members of the merchant district committee, as well as various Eris and Axis cultists.
I sat down next to Aqua, who had arrived before me.
“Hey, is it a good idea to let those people stay in the same place? Isn’t it like locking a goddess and a devil in the same room?
Hearing my analogy, Aqua looked unhappy.
“You shut-in schemer, describing Eris cultists as devils is going too far. And this is to celebrate the end of the festival, right? My children won’t make a scene during this banquet.”
Actually, when I said devils I was talking about the Axis cultists.
But never mind.
Just as Aqua said, the Axis cultists present neither argued nor picked a fight with the Eris cultists. Instead, they were taking the initiative to drink wine and enjoy themselves.
“So are you people just the type to get easier to deal with after partying all day?”
“That feels like you’re looking down on us, but you’re not wrong. By the way, I’m like that too. If you want me to be easier to deal with, then bring me some high quality wine every day.”
“So you admit that you’re usually a troublemaker.”
There were familiar people everywhere.
The priestess Cecily was rubbing her drunken face against the cheeks of a girl from the Eris Cult.
And for some reason, Vanir was eating together with Yunyun and Wiz. He was probably here as a member of the merchant district.
Suddenly…
“Come on Darkness, drink up! Megumin, you too!”
“Why are you always so excited during banquets? H-Hey! Fine, okay, I’ll drink something. But don’t drag Megumin into this! I’ll drink Megumin’s share too!”
“I’m not a kid anymore, Darkness, so let me drink at times like this! I’m old enough to get married, you know! Oh, Kazuma, you’re late. Hey, help me explain this! I’m only two years younger than you, so I’m not that young!”
Chris’ face was bright red as she hugged Darkness and Megumin.
Did all goddesses love banquets?
“Nah, you’re too young to drink alcohol. Also, we’re three years apart now. Wanna know why? Because today’s my birthday!”
That’s right, today was my first birthday since coming to this world.
Announcing my own birthday was a bit shameless, but I didn’t want to miss the opportunity. I wanted to be congratulated by everyone.
“Huh. Happy birthday, I guess? Okay then, Kazuma, give me a present now.”
But the first congratulation I got was…
“…A present? Hey, what’s that supposed to mean? Why do I have to give you a present?”
Hearing this, Aqua shook her head exasperatedly and replied:
“I guess you really are just an idiot who doesn’t know this country’s customs. Fine, I’ll tell you. In this country, the birthday person gives presents to the people who took care of him the past year out of gratitude. It’s something like, ‘Thanks to everyone, I made it through the year safely.’”
Was that for real? This world was too evil.
But because there were monsters in this world, the average life expectancy was rather low. A custom like that actually wouldn’t be that strange…
“There’s no custom like that. Happy birthday, Kazuma. I’ll give you a present later.”
When I heard Megumun’s words, I immediately seized Aqua.
“Well aren’t you good at lying, you who-knows-how-old hag! Hey, how about you tell me another one? What’s your birthday and age, huh?!”
“Uwaaaaaah! Kazuma, you’ve said something you shouldn’t have again! I’ll have to beat some sense into you!”
As Aqua and I throttled each other, Darkness spoke up while holding her wine glass in a handkerchief.
“Happy birthday, Kazuma. When we get home, I’ll give you a present too. I’m sorry, I would’ve prepared one earlier if I’d known.”
“Oh, thanks. I guess it’s my fault for not mentioning it earlier, huh. Megumin’s birthday ended up passing by unnoticed too, so we can just celebrate mine next time. By the way, now that I think about it, when’s your birthday? You’re a noble, so I’m sure there’ll be one hell of a party.”
“Huh? M-My birthday? …U-Um, you see…”
Seeing Darkness’ gaze wandering away, Chris said simply.
“Darkness’ birthday happened a long time ago. There was that huge party in spring, right? Oh, now that I think about it, why didn’t Assistant-kun and the others come to the party?”
Upon hearing this, Darkness shivered. And with that, I understood.
“Let me guess. You thought that something bad would happen if we came, so you intentionally didn’t invite us, right? You thought we’d do something stupid to the other nobles, right?!”
“Wait, really?! That’s going too far! Oh, now that I think about it, back when we got that commendation from that kid Iris too, Darkness suggested that we decline!”
“Let’s punish her! Today we’re going to punish this rich girl who thinks too much!”
I watched Aqua and Megumin berate Darkness, who was about to cry. Then, Chris, who’d been smiling bitterly alongside me, pulled on my sleeve and suggested we head somewhere else.
“That turned into a mess… Anyways, I heard from Darkness that you were the mastermind behind this entire incident?”
After we left, we started to wander around the nearby area. The night wind was cold on my face, which was burning hot from all the wine I drank. Then, Chris suddenly spoke up with an exasperated expression on her face.
Many things happened after Eris herself appeared in the beauty pageant held in her honor.
The manifestation of a goddess became major news, spreading quickly to the nearby cities and even the imperial capital via magic, carrier pigeons, and even swift horses.
According to the merchant district chairman, as the town where the goddess descended, Axel was sure to become a holy place for the Eris cultists.
“A-About that, I’m really sorry. I’ll help you search for the divine relics, so please forgive me… But you know, the merchant district committee said that, ‘After that happened, the Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival definitely has to go on now.’”
Hearing that, Chris started feeling awkward and embarrassed.
“It will? …Well, since you and Aigis helped me out back on stage so much, I guess I’ll forgive you this time!”
“I’m truly grateful, milady goddess. Thank you so very much!”
We bantered with each other as we wandered around the city, which still had some of the festival’s cheer.
I heard that after they safely escaped from the beauty pageant, Aigis was completely obedient to Chris.
She’d find a good new master for it soon, and give Aigis away as a trump card against the Demon King’s army.
And like that, the search for the divine relic and the competition between the Eris Church and Axis Cult ended on a good note.
But now that I think about it, the influence of a real goddess really is pretty impressive.
After all, just by walking down the street like this..
“Sigh… Do you think Eris-sama is still somewhere in this town? I’ve been longing for her ever since the first time I saw her portrait…”
“Even if she was, she wouldn’t appear before you and your evil thoughts. Only a sincere Eris cultist like myself could someday meet her.”
“You’re the evil one here, you spent the savings for your marriage on the teleport service here just so you could get here faster.”
“You idiot, I came here to get Eris-sama’s blessing for my marriage. I talked about it with my girlfriend and everything.”
We encountered two men who were enthusiastically talking about Eris.
I rubbed shoulders with them as we walked by.
“…Did you hear that? Aren’t you going to bless him, Eris-sama?”
“Assistant-kun, I’m not Eris-sama right now. I’m Chris-sama. The only thing I can do for him now is to steal treasure from your house to compensate that man for his wedding savings.”
We both laughed.
And perhaps because we suddenly stopped to do that, someone bumped into Chris’ back.
It was a pair of young sisters. They were holding some pretty flowers.
“O-Oh, I’m sorry!”
“I’m very sorry!”
The two sisters hurriedly apologized to Chris.
“I’m the one who should apologize for stopping so suddenly. Are you two okay? You’re not hurt, are you?”
As she said that, Chris bowed her head.
That’s how she noticed that the younger sister had dropped a flower on the ground.
Chris quickly picked it back up.
“S-Sorry! I can’t believe I let such a pretty chris fall on the ground..”
She handed the violet flower back to the girl.
“Chris? …Is that the flower’s name?”
I softly asked as I looked at the flower in the girl’s hand.
“That’s right, this flower is called a chris. In the language of flowers, it means ‘a heart that never gives up’.”
Hearing Chris’ explanation, the older sister said in admiration.
“Woooow. Hey, why do you have a scar on your face? Are you an adventurer? Daddy says that adventurers are all punks. But if you’re a punk, why do you know so much about flowers?”
This rapid string of questions so characteristic of children slightly troubled Chris.
Scratching the scar on her cheek, she answered:
“Um… I got this scar during a fight with the bad guys in the Demon King’s army. And I’m an adventurer, yes, but not all adventurers are punks. Like this onii-chan over here.”
She smiled happily as she looked at me.
“And I’m only familiar with this flower in particular. Look, it has the same color as my eyes, right? Personally, I really like chrises.”
Bending down to meet the eyes of the two girls, Chris brought the flower close to her face in order to catch its scent.
“Oh, I get it now. This flower is an offering to Eris-sama. My sister and I put our allowances together to buy it.”
“Yeah, I heard that Eris-sama also really likes chrises!”
“Wow… I’m impressed, you even know what Eris-sama likes! But if Eris-sama knew that kids like you were spending your allowances on flowers for her, she’d be happy, but also sad too. So let’s make this the last time you do this. I’m sure Eris-sama would be happier that way.”
Chris said in embarrassment as she gently ruffled their heads.
“Oh… But, we really wanted to thank Eris-sama.”
“…You want to thank her?”
Puzzled, Chris tilted her head.
“Yeah, we do. Mommy said that everybody can live peacefully because Eris-sama gives people all kinds of powers to fight the evil Demon King.”
“Oh, and she also said that Eris-sama secretly does good things in places nobody knows about. That’s why we wanted to thank Eris-sama, and cheer her on too.”
“I-I see… Well, even if you don’t make any more offerings from now on, I’m sure that your feelings alone will make Eris-sama very happy. She’ll definitely be very grateful for your support.”
Chris looked just a bit troubled as she said that.
And then, with a somewhat relieved expression, she embarrassedly scratched her cheek.
Looking at her, the younger sister said:
“…Now that I think about it, your eyes and hair look like they’re the same color as Eris-sama’s.”
Kids sure are perceptive.
The older sister was also staring at Chris’ hair, which made Chris slightly flustered.
…Not that it mattered, it didn’t seem like they actually realized Chris’ true form. It was probably just some sort of childish whim.
After thinking for a bit, the girl offered her flower to Chris.
“My sister already has a flower we can offer, so this one is for you. Thank you for protecting us from monsters, adventurer!”
“Thank you!”
Saying that, the sisters smiled and pushed the flower into Chris’ hands.
“Ah-Ahaha. Okay, okay, I give up. I, I should thank you too…!”
Chris blushed after receiving the unexpected present from the girls.
Her eyes were on the verge of tears. She smiled shyly and stuttered.
The two girls smiled and then ran off.
“Okay, see you again mister! Bye-bye!”
“Bye-bye!”
“Huh?! Hey, wait! I’m not a mister, I’m a miss!”
Having been surprised once more during their parting, Chris was again on the verge of tears. But this time, for a different reason.
“Hey. Does the name ‘Chris’ come from…”
Chris bent her face down to the flower in her hand, closed her eyes, and breathed in its fragrance.
“That’s right. It comes from this flower.”
She watched the two girls leave with a fortunate expression.
“…And here I thought you just swapped out the ‘E’ in ‘Eris’.”
“What kind of person do you think I am?”
She stared at me with the flower still close to her nose.
“Well, if I had to say… You’re the person who’s always been working really hard behind everyone’s backs, the one person I can actually respect.”
“…O-Oh. I see, that’s, um, that’s good.”
Suddenly turning her face away, Chris started quickly walking back to the party.
“Woah there, are you embarrassed now? Did I just embarrass you, Big Boss?”
“You’re being annoying, Assistant-kun. Shut up for a bit.”
“I can tell even with your back facing me, you’re blushing so hard that even your ears are red. Like I thought, Eris-sama sure is cute. Will you marry me?”
“You’re being an annoyance, Kazuma-san. If you keep teasing goddesses any further, you’ll suffer divine retribution. And please don’t say things like that so casually, or else I’ll tell Darkness and Megumin later that you proposed to me.”
Still not looking back, Chris started walking even faster.
And then, still not facing me and still blushing, she sullenly said:
“Hey, Assistant-kun?”
“What?”
She was walking briskly, and holding the flower in her hands as tightly as if it were a precious treasure.
“…Thanks. For a lot of things.”
This goddess, who because of her young worshippers now felt that her daily efforts had been rewarded, muttered soft words packed with all sorts of meanings.
When I caught up with my impossible-to-hate, easily bullied, and very dear friend—
I felt just a little sad that this troublesome, noisy festival had come to an end.
It was a certain day after the festival had ended, and after the town had returned to its usual peaceful atmosphere.
Lying on the sofa, Aqua was playing with the yellow furball on the empty shell, which still had a strong sense of presence. She said happily:
“Hey, Kazuma, Cecily sent a letter to thank you. ‘Thanks to you, the Axis Cult’s Axel branch has successfully achieved our goal. As arranged with the Eris Cult, the next year’s festival will also be co-hosted by both cults. This is all thanks to Kazuma-san donating so much money, so we will therefore consider you an honorary Axis cultist.”
“Damn it!”
“Wahhh!”
Knowing that it was too late to argue, I threw away the letter Aqua was reading.
“You’re awful! What, aren’t you happy with the thank-you letter my cultist put so much effort into writing, you Sukapon NEET?!”
TL Note: Sukapon is the main robot in the fighting Nintendo game, Joy Mech Fight. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joy_Mech_Fight
“There’s nothing here to be happy about! Why do I have to become on of your worshippers?! This has to be some kind of punishment game!”
In the end, I gave all of the money I made as an advisor to Aqua.
After learning that Aqua had used her reward from the Kowloon Hydra hunt along with all of her usual savings to fund the festival, my sense of guilt was overflowing.
I helped rebuild the dilapidated church too. This should cancel out my role of scheming behind the scenes… I thought.
“Heheh, I see now, you’re just being a tsundere again. Kazuma’s a tsundere, so I should just hear the opposite of what you say, right? It’s like Cecily said. You’re a giant tsundere so whenever you say something mean I should just flip it around.”
“I hate both you and that woman.”
“…Why is it that I don’t feel any of the charm of a tsundere from you?”
Aqua sat down before me, then suddenly tilted her head and asked a question.
“Oh, right. Kazuma, there’s something I want to ask you. I heard Eris appeared during the beauty pageant, do you know where she went? Sheesh, she’s just too much. She went through all of the trouble of coming down here and didn’t even greet me. She’s so heartless towards her senpai.”
Even though she caused so much trouble for Eris, she still prided herself as a senpai. Feeling slightly impressed, I stood up from the sofa and picked up Emperor Zell, who was still sticking to Vanir’s empty shell.
I thought everything had been resolved, but I forgot that I still hadn’t decided on what to do with this little guy.
Wasn’t there a way to use this chick with great magical power?
“Hey, you’ll suffer in the future if you keep treating Emperor Zell so roughly, you know. When he grows up, I won’t stop it if it attacks you.”
“Okay, then I’ll finish him off while he’s still small.”
“…Don’t worry, Emperor Zell is kind and magnanimous, you don’t need to be afraid… Hey, Emperor Zell, come over here. This guy is as scary as the butcher on the third street, you need to be careful.”
What, now I was a butcher?
Emperor Zell returned to the empty shell and idly lay down.
“*Sigh*… And the work was finally done, too… I should be thankful that Eris-sama manifested, but the sudden influx of tourists was overwhelming…”
Darkness, who had been busy with lordship duties, rubbed the sides of her head.
“Good work. Being a lord must be hard. And hey, Eris-sama manifesting may have brought in a ton of tourists from all sorts of cities, but that’s helped improve the economy. Isn’t that a good thing?”
“I suppose it’s good that there’s so many people, but… Well, my father started to recover during the festival. Those troubling lordship duties are finally over as of today, so from now on I can go on quests without reservations.”
“Huh? What’re you talking about, don’t you know that I’m not doing any of those anymore? There’s finally no more reasons I should, after all. If I wanted money I could just use my Cooking skill to open up a restaurant with cute waitresses and cater to my hobbies and make a profit at the same time. I don’t need to go on quests anymore, right, Aqua?”
“That’s right. I want to focus on educating Emperor Zell right now, so forget about quests. I used all of the money from Kazuma to rebuild the church, to fund next year’s festival, and on the banquet. From now on, I’ll be living leisurely off of Kazuma’s money, so I won’t be taking any dangerous quests. Yes, I want to live idly in this mansion everyday and be worshipped during the annual festival.”
Aqua was agreeing with me, but…
“… Hey, wait, why do I have to spend money on you? I don’t mind covering food expenses, I guess, but at least earn your own allowance… And wait, did I hear that right? You’ve already spent all of the money I gave you?”
“Yup, all of it. And don’t worry about my allowance, I’ve thought up my second and third new money-making schemes.”
……
“You were so enthusiastic during the festival… And Aqua, I heard that. What are these two money-making schemes? Tell me before you do anything.”
“Nope.”
…Covering her ears, Aqua pretended not to hear Darkness’ inevitable lecture.
I caressed Emperor Zell in my palm as I watched them.
Meanwhile, Megumin came down from the second floor in a one piece dress.
Seeing the usual quarrelsome scene, she smiled happily and sat down beside me.
“It’s too bad. The festival finally came, but in the end nothing fun happened. It was just noisy like always, and then it was over. Oh well, I guess that’s normal for us.”
“It really is. A festival should be a merry, noisy place where you have fun, that’s what sets the mood. Something as sad as fighting monsters during a fireworks display should never happen. I wish the festival was a little longer. At the very least, I’d like a proper fireworks display.”
Remembering the nice mood we had back at the fireworks display, I felt extremely unlucky and cracked a joke.
Looking at me like this, Megumin laughed happily.
“…That’s right, it’s Kazuma’s birthday. I’ll have to give you a birthday present.
“I’m fine with anything. But to be honest, I’m kind of worried about what you’ll give me. Don’t be like Aqua and give me some strangely shaped rock, okay?”
Hearing this, Megumin suddenly drew closer and whispered into my ear.
“Could you come to my room tonight? I have something important to tell you.”
“Explosion–!!”
Accompanying this body-shaking roar was a gale that ravaged the surrounding area.
And thus a new crater was born on the plains a short distance away from Axel.
The construction workers were going to be busy again.
Megumin who’d collapsed onto the ground turned her head to me and asked:
“How many points was that?”
I– Who’ve recently been given the title of ‘Explosion Connoisseur’ by Megumin– Won’t give a high rating very easily.
“– Hmm. Based on the destructiveness alone, I’d give it 90 points. But I noticed that the intensity of the heat wave wasn’t as strong as it usually is. You were trying to control it to accommodate for the summer heat, weren’t you?”
When Megumin heard my question, a bright smile flashed across her face.
“Exactly. I thought to myself, ‘Is only focusing on raw destructive power really good enough?’. So I decided that for today’s Explosion spell, I’d try making a cool breeze. What’d you think of the wind that blew away all that hot and stuffy air? I think it’ll be a good addition to Axel’s natural scenery.”
I might not have understood half of what she just said, but I still got the gist of it.
“For your consideration of the audience and for the beautiful roundness of that crater, I’ll give you 97 points today!”
“Thank you very much! I’ll keep on doing my best!”
After we finished our stupid conversation, I picked Megumin up off the ground. I was already used to carrying her light body which still hadn’t developed the slightest bit.
“Sorry for always bothering you like this.”
“If you’re really sorry, then raise your level already. Boost your max MP high enough so you don’t collapse anymore, okay?”
I complained to Megumin as we walked back to Axel.
“This’ll probably keep happening no matter how many times I level up; you know? I mean, I put all the skill points I get from leveling up into increasing the power of my Explosion magic.”
“What?! I was wondering why even after all this time your max MP hadn’t caught up with your MP costs… So you were doing that all along? And here I was thinking that we wouldn’t have to carry you home like this once you got your level high enough. Give me back those hopes!”
“What’s so bad about it? Isn’t the occasional skinship between companions a necessity?”
“Hey, you of all people have absolutely no right to say that.”
I considered whether I should step things up from mere ‘skinship’ with Megumin, who seemed completely remorseless.
“The me from back when I lived in the Crimson Demon village probably would’ve never believed I’d end up cherishing my companions so much.”
“Yeah, well, I’m not really feeling that cherishment right now…”
Megumin chuckled at my immediate rebuttal.
“So what were you like back then? Actually, more importantly, what possessed you to be crazy enough to learn Explosion?”
“How rude of you to call me insane. As for what I was like, well…”
Megumin went silent for a while. Was she thinking about her past?
“I used to never interact with anyone. Since I was a genius, I thought I’d be fine even if I was alone.”
“Oh, so you were already a chuuni back then? Er, I mean, you were a nutcase even as a kid?”
Hearing my comment, Megumin started putting some strength into the arms she had wrapped around my neck.
“Okay, okay, my bad! Let me try again! Basically, you were just an unwanted– Ow, ow, ow! Hey, go easy on me! Your level and strength are both higher than mine!”
Megumin, who seemed amazed at my reaction, bemusedly sighed to herself on my back.
“Well, it’s your fault for saying something so uncalled for… Anyway, you wanted to hear the story of how I learned Explosion magic, right?”
“Yeah, right! You can’t learn Explosion unless someone else teaches you first, right? So, I was wondering what kind of troublesome person your teacher was.”
“Calling the benefactor I looked up to so much a troublesome person is very rude. Ah, that’s right…”
A nostalgic expression appeared on Megumin’s face as she thought of the past.
“– I’ll tell you after I show certain person my Explosion magic.”
She said with a happy smile.
They say that everyone has a time when they’re really popular.
“Could you come to my room tonight? I have something important to tell you.”
… And the fact that Megumin told me that must be proof that my time had finally come. Though the signs were already there.
That’s right. I’d already noticed that, from time to time, Megumin seemed to show signs that she liked me.
I’m not dense or deaf after all.
It’s just that if I were to rush things, my dignity as the older one will be at risk.
– That day.
It was dinner time; I was being my usual cool self as I sat at the dining table.
“Rejoice, everybody! While I was loitering around the shopping district earlier, somebody told me that I could take the leftover liquor from the thanksgiving festival after-party back home with me! Look here, this is an expensive top-grade brand! Let’s party till dawn!”
Sitting opposite to me, Aqua happily hugged a wine bottle and showed it off to everyone.
Unfortunately, I’ve got a prior engagement tonight. An important one.
But I can’t talk about it. So even though I wanted to retort with a “You really can’t read the mood at all, huh?”, I couldn’t.
Well, putting me aside since I’m so cool and composed, there’s no way some fine wine would be enough to tempt the others–
“… Hmm, it really is quite high quality. I was busy during the Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival, so I didn’t get to enjoy it with everyone else. So tonight, let’s hold our very own after-party.
Huh?
“N-No, no, no, Darkness. Hold on a second. I think everyone should turn in early tonight. You’ve got to be tired after everything that’s happened, right?”
“Not particularly. Be it managing the festival or fulfilling my duties as the landlord, everything’s over with now. There hasn’t been anything tiring lately.”
Darkness, who was in the middle of laying out the cutlery, tilted her head in confusion.
I had an important engagement with Megumin tonight.
I didn’t have time to play around with these idiots till morning.
“Well look, I’m tired from fighting monsters day in and day out. So I’ll be heading to bed early tonight.”
“Are you joking? You didn’t even leave the mansion today, and you sleep more than twelve hours a day anyway.”
And then, while I was troubled over how to counter Darkness’s precise response…
“I think it’s a great idea too. Kazuma, let’s just party all night with everyone, okay?”
“Huh?!”
Megumin, the very person who made that engagement, said that while holding a heavy-looking pot in her hands.
Didn’t this girl know why I didn’t want to attend this party so much?!
“Look. We’re even eating your favorite, Onion Duck Hot Pot. And these aren’t farm-raised ducks either, they’re straight from the wild. They’re full of experience points so they’re twice as delicious.”
It wasn’t clear if Megumin understood how I felt as she placed the pot down with an awkward smile.
“Hey, Megumin, is this really okay? What about that thing tonight…?”
She chuckled lightly in response to my anxious whispering.
“Isn’t tomorrow night fine too? There’s still plenty of time.”
She didn’t understand! This girl didn’t understand at all!
Why would you postpone things now? She threw out such tempting words and then she just postpones it? What kind of joke was this? There’s no way I’ll be getting any sleep tonight! What was she even trying to do, leaving me hanging after filling me with so much anticipation?
“What’s got you so bothered, Kazuma? Your nostrils are widening. It’s the same expression you make when you spend the night outside every now and then.”
“I-I-It’s nothing! I’m just super happy my favorite Onion Duck’s on the menu tonight! Yum, this duck looks delicious, I bet I’ll be leveling up again!”
Aqua, who was only ever sharp during such pointless times, forced me to frantically start trying to hide my intentions.
And Megumin happily smiled as she watched me.
After the Goddess Eris Thanksgiving Festival ended, the town went back to normal.
Since Axel was the sacred ground where the goddess Eris herself had descended to the mortal world, the town became a pilgrimage site. But that trend had already subsided, so now pilgrims were only an occasional sight.
It was around this time that Megumin invited me to visit her room, but something kept coming up every single night. It was really troubling.
First, there was that night when Aqua said she wanted to party. Then, the next day, Aqua dragged Megumin to her room and played some games with her all night. The day after that, Megumin made a strange declaration (“Here in Axel, we’re high class ladies, so we should have an all-girls meeting every now and then”), then stayed out all night with Aqua. And every single day after that, she spent all her time with Aqua…
… Should I just tie her up tonight?
After finishing breakfast, I considered doing that while watching Aqua lovingly gaze at Emperor Zell on her lap.
Darkness, whose skill in brewing tea was the only thing I acknowledged her for, had gone to the kitchen to make some after-meal tea. Meanwhile, Aqua was caressing the chick on her lap with a satisfied look on her face.
She was probably imagining that she was stroking some high class pet like rich people do in movies, but Emperor Zell was just an angry chick psychotically pecking at the fingers reaching out to him.
“So. What’ve you been up to till now, Megumin? You’ve been messing around with something I’ve never seen before.”
“… This thing? It’s a Crimson Demon tradition, an amulet with magical properties. You stuff the hair of people with powerful magic into an amulet, then give it to a comrade. It might only be psychological reassurance, but I still want to gift you this for your birthday, since you die so often.”
It was true that I was always the one dying, but I get the feeling that accepting that amulet would only hoist my death flag even higher.
“That sounds nice. Will anyone’s hair do? And is it the type where the more you put in, the more effective it gets…?”
Darkness had come back. She poured the water she just boiled into the teapot.
Megumin was focusing on stuffing the hairs into the amulet as she explained to Darkness:
“Yes, it’ll be more effective. That’s why we gave the people who went out to defeat the Demon King an amulet filled with the hair of the entire village. There was so much hair that it was on the verge of bursting, so that amulet must’ve definitely worked. And by the way, this amulet does more than just protect its owner; it also has the excellent effect of ensuring that your luggage won’t ever be stolen. And if you ever lose it, someone will give it back to you immediately.”
I think it’s more that seeing an amulet with hair sprouting out of it would disgust any potential thieves out of stealing, and that if anyone were to pick it up they’d be afraid of strange things haunting them, so they’d want to return it as fast as they could.
At this moment, Darkness pulled out a strand of long, blond hair.
“May you put this in for me too? I don’t have powerful magic, so there probably won’t be much of an effect.”
She said as she offered the hair to Megumin.
Megumin took the hair and happily stuffed it into the amulet.
“……”
Everyone then naturally shifted their gaze toward Aqua.
Aqua, who was in pain after getting her fingers pecked by Emperor Zell, noticed everyone staring at her and looked around uneasily.
“…? What? Are all of you so insolent that you’d ask for the hair of a goddess like me? Listen carefully, the hair of a goddess’s sacred and rare-”
“Cut the bullshit, read the mood and hand it over! The festival’s already over, and you’re still saying that you’re a goddess?!”
“I don’t wanna–! Okay, I get it, don’t pull my hair like that! It hurts, at least use some scissors to cut a strand off!”
I forcefully pulled a hair off of Aqua’s head, then handed it to Megumin for her amulet.
The Japanese also had a tradition of putting hair inside amulets, so I was familiar with the idea.
Darkness smiled wryly as she watched Aqua and me, then poured tea out for everyone.
“Okay then. Kazuma, please take this. It’s only for mental comfort, so you can just stuff it somewhere in your belongings.”
“Oh, all right, thanks.”
I took the amulet from Megumin but kept it on my person instead of leaving to put it in my bag in my room.
“My hair has powerful effects, so you’d better cherish that amulet. Or else you’ll receive divine retribution.”
“Will having this on me drop my intelligence or attract the undead?”
“… Hey Darkness, you promised, so help me build a pet house for Emperor Zell.”
“Hey, tell me! Will I attract the undead if I have this on me?!”
Aqua ignored my question, grabbed Darkness’s hand, and rushed outside.
I sighed after being left behind in the living room. Megumin smiled happily as she watched me.
“What’s with that devious smile on your face? Are you thinking of something indecent?”
“No! I’m not thinking about anything weird, and this isn’t a devious smile! It’s just a gentle smile!”
Megumin responded loudly as she sipped the tea in her cup which she was holding with both hands.
And then I finally noticed the situation I was in.
Although there were all sorts of obstacles lately, right now the two of us were all alone.
What was the important thing Megumin wanted to tell me?
“Why are you so quiet all of a sudden? Are you nervous because it’s just the two of us?”
As if she were reading my mind, Megumin teased me.
What, am I the only one feeling restless here?
Am I the only one feeling conscious of the fact that the two of us were the only people in this huge room?
“I’m just a little bothered by what you said earlier, that you had something to tell me. Erm, no, I’m not really bothered, all right? I don’t have any weird expectations or anything, there’ve been plenty of times where you built up my anticipation then just left me hanging after all.”
I raised my voice to defend myself.
Megumin lifted her cup to her mouth and giggled.
Why is such a trivial matter making my face heat up?
What’s going on with me? Was I just more conscious of Megumin because she’d been showing signs that she liked me every now and then?
Damn it! What kind of man was I, getting toyed around like this by a loli…?
Ignoring my inner turmoil, Megumin’s gaze wavered a little.
“What I wanted to tell you was…”
Just when she was about to say it…
“Sorry, Megumin! Aqua’s calling for you. Could you come over for a bit? She said that I was too clumsy and useless, so she wants you to substitute for me…! I-In her words, ‘I didn’t ask you to destroy the pet house, I asked you to help build it! Just get Megumin over here and deal with that slacker Kazuma so he won’t get in my way!’…”
Darkness charged through the door on the verge of tears.
… How should I put this? That was some terrible timing.
No, maybe I should say it was perfect?
“Shouldn’t this be my time to shine? I’m the expert with crafting skills, so why’s she asking for Megumin?”
“No, I told her that too. But she said that you’ll definitely do something unnecessary and shape Emperor Zell’s house like a stove or something.”
She knew me well.
“I’ll be right back then. Please keep an eye on Kazuma, Darkness.
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean? If anything, it should be the other way around.”
Megumin left with a smile as she listened to my protest.
Ugh, what’s with this situation?
I felt like I was being toyed with.
“… Hey Kazuma, what’s going on between you and Megumin?”
Darkness, who’d been watching my conversation with Megumin from the side, suddenly blurted that out.
Even if she asked me that… All Megumin did was thank me and say that she liked me in an obviously teasing manner…
So in conclusion…
“Absolutely nothing.”
“That’s impossible! If there’s nothing between you two, then what’s going on with Megumin’s behavior?! I’ve already heard from Aqua, she said that you’ve been looking for Megumin at her room every night. Did you do something to her there? You attempted to lay your hands on her back at the Crimson Demon Village, after all!”
Out of nowhere came a rebuke.
“I’ve been thinking about this for a while now, but just what kind of person do you all think I am? Watch it, or I’ll make you cry with my Steal. And I’m not lying. I don’t know exactly what you’re implying, but whatever you’re imagining didn’t happen.”
After listening to what I said…
“… I-I’m talking about, you know, that… You know very well what I mean, but you’re still making me say it? That… Kissing Megumin or something… And groping her breasts…!”
Darkness bashfully responded.
I still don’t get what her standard for shame is.
“No, there wasn’t any kissing nor any groping. You’re looking down on me too much. Look into my eyes, does it look like I’m lying?”
Darkness stared into my pure eyes and gradually started showing an awkward expression.
“… Ugh. They look murky, but… It seems that you aren’t lying. My apologies, so there really was nothing. But after seeing Megumin act like that, I was sure that something had to have happened… No, it’s nothing, forget it. I’m truly sorry…”
Embarrassed, Darkness lowered her voice.
She then stood up, pulled herself together and crossed her arms which had the effect of emphasizing her chest.
“Recently, Megumin and you’ve been acting strangely. I was just worried that you two had crossed the line.”
Darkness said as she took large strides to the couch and sat down.
She then poured tea into her cup.
As if her heart had been relieved of a huge burden, Darkness happily drank her tea.
Feeling left out because of how much she was talking to herself, I softly muttered:
“… Yeah, well I don’t want to hear that from someone who kisses other people without consent. I’m pretty normal compared to a perverted aristocrat lady.”
When she heard what I said, Darkness spat tea out her mouth.
“Hey…! What are you doing, you got it all over me!”
I took off my shirt now soaked in tea and started roughly shaking it.
“Cough! Cough! Cough! Cough…!”
Darkness stood up coughing and wiped her mouth with her handkerchief.
“W-Why you! What are you saying all of a sudden? What an impudent accusation…! That’s completely… baseless…”
Though she started out angrily yelling, Darkness gradually grew quiet.
Probably knowing full well what I was talking about, she averted her now teary eyes and coughed to the side.
“Oh. So you got what I meant, you pervert. Of course you did, you’re the one who does all sorts of strange things while panting heavily after all! You always say things that aren’t suitable for children to hear, but when those things actually happen you get cold feet, don’t you? Hey! If you want to refute anything, then speak up!”
I said in an imitation of a certain someone’s tone. Darkness sat down on the couch with both palms on her face.
She was probably trembling from shame.
But after moving her hands away, her face showed a calm expression that was a bit red but otherwise the same as usual.
In the past, she would’ve ran away and shut herself in her room by this point in our conversation. But over the long time we’d spent together, Darkness had grown.
She nonchalantly poured another cup of tea for herself, sipped it slowly and said:
“It’s my fault. I apologize for mistakenly labeling you as a sexual harasser. Also, I’ll act more like a lady from now on, so… Please forgive me.”
“Oh, uh, sure… Sorry, I went too far. Let’s just forget about it…”
The Darkness who once was only capable of hiding her face and running off in shame had matured a little.
“By the way, there’s a package for you. It’s that crate beside the entrance.”
As if she were hiding something, Darkness drank her god knows how many cups of tea and changed the topic.
She might look calm on the surface, but she was probably wavering on the inside.
“Oh, so it came. I’ve been eating extravagant food full of experience points recently, so my level has gone up. That’s why I ordered some new equipment, fit for a veteran adventurer… By the way, if you keep chugging tea like that, you’ll be making friends with the toilet soon.”
“C-Can’t you say that more subtly…?”
While basking in Darkness’s hateful gaze, I rummaged through the crate and took out some light yet solid gauntlets, leg guards, and chest armor.
“Oh, here it is! This looks great!”
I said while taking out the last thing in the crate, a rope.
– I had a skill named Bind.
It had become my main skill lately. If the skill successfully went off and if the rope was tough enough, it could trap any opponent.
Its success rate seems to be based off of luck, so its mechanics were practically designed just for me.
I’d been using a special wire rope up till now, but knowing full well that an ounce of prevention was worth a pound of cure, I custom ordered a rope with the highest level of toughness.
This mithril alloy rope could even bind astral bodies; it was an excellent product.
“Is that a bondage rope? Th-That glow! Is it made out of mythril?”
While I was holding the rope with a satisfied expression on my face, I received an excited question from a pervert who started blushing as soon as she saw the custom-made rope.
And this pervert, who was enviously staring at the rope, started fidgeting.
“Erm… Kazuma, I’m deeply familiar with the Bind skill. So how about it? Why not try out your new rope? And now that I think about it, I don’t think I’ve ever experienced your Bind before. As fellow party members, isn’t it important that I know how powerful my comrades’ skills are?!”
The pervert kept alternating her gaze between my face and the rope.
“Didn’t you just say that you’d ‘act more like a lady from now on’? And you should be able to tell that this is for binding super strong monsters. If you want a Bind so much, just use the thinner ropes in the cabinet.”
I said that while moving to take out the ropes from the storage cabinet off to the side of the living room…
“No, it has to be this one! … That is to say, this one will do. You say that it’s for use against powerful monsters, but how useful will it be if it can’t even stop me? Not very, I’d imagine. So try tying me up first.”
The pervert stopped me as she said that, then gazed at me in anticipation with an excited, blushing face.
Even if she says that, I can restrain a powerful monster like the Kowloon Hydra with steel ropes a full grade lower than the one in my hand. There was no need to test anything.
But that pervert didn’t even wait for an answer, she just stood in the living room with an excited look on her face.
“… By the way, didn’t you just say ‘it has to be this one’?”
“No I didn’t.”
“No, you definitely did.”
“No I didn’t. … And that doesn’t matter now, hurry up! Are you trying to tempt me by showing off that tough, hard, and heavy looking rope?”
Faced with a pervert who didn’t give a damn about hiding her fetish, I reluctantly stood up.
I tugged at the rope to confirm its strength, then turned toward Darkness.
Incidentally, I took off my soaked shirt earlier. So, right now I’m just wearing some shorts.
On the other hand, Darkness was wearing an open-collar shirt that accentuated her figure as well as a tight-fitting skirt. She looked more like a Japanese office lady than an aristocrat.
A bystander would probably find this pretty indecent.
Seeing me holding a rope with my upper body bare, Darkness’s face took on an awkward expression.
“H-Hey Kazuma, can you at least put a shirt on? Just thinking about being tied up by you in that get-up feels very unpleasant…”
“What the hell are you saying now?”
I held up the rope against this pervert who was completely beyond salvation in every possible way.
“It’ll be a hassle, but I’ll be using most of my mana to make the Bind last longer. Then I’ll throw you and your nonsense-spewing mouth off to the side.”
“What? So tying me up with a tough rope isn’t enough for you, you want to throw me down to the ground too?! What about the ball gag? Won’t you need one? What’ll you do if I end up screaming in pain from the bondage?”
“You’re disgusting, bitch.”
Like always, our team’s pervert was in top form.
I should just tie her up and push her aside, then go check on Aqua and Megumin.
Or rather, go make their lives harder.
I pointed the ropes toward Darkness–
“Bind!!”
I shouted as I threw them.
The ropes in my hand flew toward Darkness and bound her up.
“What…? T-This…! Ugh… Ahhh!”
The now bound-up Darkness shouted.
I was just as frozen as her.
Or to be more exact, I was totally spellbound.
Or to be even more exact, I was looking at something amazing.
“… Hah, hah… Hah…! W-Why you…! Why are you always doing things that go beyond my wildest expectations…?”
The rope tying Darkness up left her breasts completely untouched, which only accentuated them as she panted lewdly.
With both her hands bound, Darkness was weakly kneeling on the carpet. It was probably because the binding was too strong.
Darkness was tied up from her shoulders to her waist. Her breasts were strongly emphasized as she lay collapsed on the floor with a burning blush on her face. She was so lewd that she wouldn’t be out of place on the covers of those kinds of magazines.
This was bad.
Really bad.
If they saw Darkness like this, Aqua and Megumin would definitely stare at me with empty eyes.
This was so terrible that it was beyond words.
I didn’t plan to tie her up in a way that accentuated her chest. But considering how I always get panties when I use Steal on girls, and how Bind acted now, I got the feeling the skills I was learning were steadily deviating toward the dark side.
I squatted down and spoke to Darkness, who was squirming and heavily panting.
“Hey, are you alright? I’m not sure how to put this, but I was actually holding back with that Bind…”
“This… Is after you held back…? Erm, Kazuma… I’ll pay you next time. I’m willing to pay, so don’t hold back.”
Darkness uttered something stupid. And then…
I felt something coming from behind me.
This was probably an alarm from the Enemy Detection skill I’d been honing up till now.
It should only sense monsters or enemies with hostile intentions.
But this skill I’d been relying on all this time might be warning its master of impending danger.
I immediately followed my instincts…!
– I heard the sound of the door opening.
“Phew, that was exhausting. Let’s take a break. Good work, Megumin!”
“You say you’re tired, but weren’t you just playing with Emperor Zell the entire… Hmm?”
And at the same time, I also heard the voices of Aqua and Megumin.
“Huff… Huff… Huff…”
Still tied up, Darkness roughly blew air into my hand.
“Kazuma and Darkness aren’t around. Where’d they go?”
Megumin’s baffled voice sounded out.
“From what my clear eyes tell me, they must be playing board games in one of their rooms.”
So too did Aqua’s voice as she ran off somewhere.
She probably went to check our rooms.
The sound of earthenware clanking could be heard from the living room. Megumin was probably drinking tea on the couch.
I’d grabbed Darkness and hid into the cramped storage cabinet in the nick of time. I could feel the warmth of her body as I considered what to do next.
Actually, compared to the situation earlier, being discovered right now would be much worse.
Why’d I even hide?
I didn’t do anything wrong.
I just complied with Darkness’s request.
… No, that’s not true. I got excited after seeing Darkness’s orgasmic expression.
I probably hid because I was feeling guilty.
It’ll be fine, Megumin will understand.
Darkness wanting to be tied up should be within her range of expectations.
And me being topless should be a common sight.
… No, this isn’t going to work.
I leaned toward Darkness and whispered into her ears:
“Hey Darkness, things only got this troublesome because you asked me to do something so weird! It’d be awkward if they saw us like this. You get that, right?”
Hearing that, Darkness nodded with tears in her eyes.
What the hell, I feel like something similar to this has happened before.
Oh, right. When I sneaked into House Dustiness and pressed this girl down on her bed.
Why am I covering her mouth like I did back then?
“All right, let’s think about how we should handle this. Listen. I’m letting go, all right?”
I said as I moved my hand away…
“? Ow! Y-You…! Why’d you bite my hand, let go! That hurts, moron!”
As I was planning to let go, I was bitten. I swung my hand side-to-side to shake Darkness’s head off.
“What are you doing?! Look! There’s teeth marks here!”
“… I can’t… Hold it… If I don’t bite something…”
Darkness said something insane between sobs.
What was it with this girl? I hope she doesn’t gain any more traits.
As I was wondering if she was turning stranger because she was being pressured to her limits―
I realized that the red on her face wasn’t the lewd shade she had before.
It was a red of shame, as if she might cry at any moment.
“I want to go to the bathroom…”
“What did I tell you? If you drink that much tea, you’ll be making friends with the toilet!”
The scene was a cramped and dark storage cabinet.
The bound-up Darkness was turning red.
And it wasn’t her usual blush of excitement.
“K-Kazuma… Ka– Kazuma…! What should I do? This is bad, this is truly bad! This isn’t a joking matter anymore; this is awful…!”
Whispered Darkness, whose entire upper body was tied up.
This cabinet was so cramped that I was stuck right on top of her.
“This is all because you didn’t listen and kept drinking tea! I’ve been thinking about this since we first met. You’re actually pretty dumb, aren’t you?! Is your brain all muscle? Seriously, sometimes you’re as dumb as Aqua!”
After hearing that, Darkness glared at me with gritted teeth.
It seemed like she wanted to say something, but I decided not to press her since this wasn’t the time.
It’d be useless to lecture her here.
“I guess there’s no other way… Let’s get out of here and just talk things out. Megumin isn’t an impulsive moron like you, she’ll understand if we explain things to her. There’ll be less trouble in long run if we just come out now.”
“I want to have a nice, long chat with you about just how you see me, but that can wait. Erm… You might not know this, but I actually talk about all sorts of things when I’m alone with Megumin… A-Anyway, it’d be bad if she sees us like this, so let’s wait a bit more!”
Just what do they talk about when I’m around?
Now that I think about it, Megumin also mentioned that she talked about me a lot with Darkness.
“… No choice then. We’ll just have to wait a bit longer.”
“Hey, give me something to bite. I need to grit my teeth to endure this!”
I understood that the situation already looked pretty bad, but I still stuffed a handkerchief in place of a ball gag into Darkness’s mouth.
And then we waited in the dark storage cabinet.
I remembered that Aqua and Megumin said they were taking a break.
If that’s the case, then we just needed to wait for them to finish and leave.
The sound of someone running could be heard on the other side of the room.
“They’re not here. Putting aside the guy who revealed his hikikomori powers after the festival ended and changed jobs to trash, even the person who was supposed to be keeping an eye on him is gone.”
I’ll remember this. I’ll definitely modify her chicken coop tonight.
I might’ve been idling my days away recently, but she’s still got guts to call me trash.
“What happened to them? It isn’t that strange for that lazy Kazuma to go loiter around somewhere, but Darkness vanishing without a word after I asked her to watch over him is strange…”
Do they really think I’m some irresponsible person that’ll just wander and play around…?
… Then.
“… Mgh! … Mgh!”
Darkness groaned quietly as if she wanted to say something.
Now that I took a closer look, the sight of Darkness drenched in sweat, heavily panting, and crammed inside a tiny storage closet was really lewd.
A drop of sweat fell from her neck.
Being in a situation like this inside a closed room was no joke… Whoa!
“Hey, hey, what’re you doing? Don’t squirm around!”
I whispered to Darkness who’d started moving all of a sudden and took the handkerchief out of her mouth.
“… Ah! I, I can’t…! It’s more serious than I thought…!”
“Come on, try harder! Those girls are just taking a break, they’ll get back to work before you know it!”
It’s all Darkness’s fault for not enduring things properly inside this cramped, hot storage cabinet. That’s why the two of us were drenched in sweat with our faces flushed, making things look even worse.
“Didn’t I tell you?! That’s why I said that it’d be better to just go out earlier, right?”
“I, I’m sorry…! B-But…!”
I stuffed the handkerchief back into Darkness’s mouth without giving her the chance to say anything.
It might’ve been fine earlier, but with the way Darkness was now, I couldn’t let her go out.
The sweat was making her open-collared shirt stick to her body. Even if the two of them understood that nothing had actually happened, they’d still look at me with scorn for tying Darkness up in this kind of situation.
There’s finally a good mood between Megumin and I; how can I let this moron spoil all my efforts!?
As I was thinking that, Darkness seemed to have reached her limit. She started struggling intensely below me, trying to break out.
I panicked and held her back and whispered in her ear:
“Hey, calm down! Things will be fine if you just hold it. In the end, it’s your fault for not listening to my advice! So stay still!”
Darkness listened to my words obediently, then closed her eyes in resignation.
It won’t be funny if we’re discovered like this, so I took the handkerchief in Darkness’s mouth out again and said:
“Hey, don’t just close your eyes like that! Ugh, you were like this back when I sneaked into your mansion too! You give up way too easily at times like this! Listen up, I’ll explain this to you since you’re so dumb. If you charge out of the closet right now, it’s going to be really awkward. If Aqua sees you, she’ll definitely tell all the people in the guild, ‘Breaking news! A topless Kazuma and a bound-up Darkness were hiding together in a storage cabinet, drenched in sweat! I’ll let your imagination fill in the gaps!’. Yeah, something like that.”
“Ugh…”
As I listened to Darkness’s sobbing groan, I used the remnants of my mana to cast Freeze and cooled down my own overheating head.
The storage cabinet was stuffy, so Darkness looked at me enviously. But she didn’t ask for a Freeze too.
She seemed to understand that it’d be dangerous if she were to suddenly cool down in a situation like this.
Then, squirming, Darkness said:
“… H-Hey Kazuma… Even though things are like this, I’m actually enjoying holding back my bladder. Am I weird?”
“All right, just stop talking. Try to keep your mouth shut.”
While I was scolding this hopeless pervert, the sound of a conversation came from outside the cabinet.
“What’s going on? Megumin, how many amulets are you going to make? Are you planning to stuff Kazuma’s bag till it’s full or something?”
“No, these are for everyone. This one’s Aqua’s, this one’s mine… And this sturdiest one is for Darkness, who’s always protecting us with her body.”
When she heard Megumin’s touching words, Darkness stopped squirming.
… At that moment, Darkness’s thoughts and mine were one.
We had to avoid disappointing Megumin by letting her see us like this.
Still right below me, Darkness whispered:
“… Hey, can’t you think of a way to resolve this? Being quick-witted is one of your strong points, after all. Any ideas?”
Even if you say that–
I searched this storage cabinet that could barely fit two people to try and find if there was anything I could use.
… And I found something.
My luck really was great.
“Rejoice, Darkness! The biggest problem has been solved!”
I exclaimed as I showed Darkness what I found!
A beverage bottle.
“…! …!!”
“C-Cut it out! Don’t just headbutt me with no warning like that!”
She seemed unhappy about the bottle I was showing her.
“Tch… You’re the one who asked if I had any ideas. I really can’t handle this aristocratic lady with too much pride…”
When she heard my casual comment, Darkness lifted her head back up.
“Wait, what did you just say? I didn’t reject it because of my pride as a noble, I rejected it because I’m a woman! My pride as a woman’s something I can’t give up! Where in the world are there people who’d use this, you pervert?”
“In my country, some of the fiercer people who work as security in their own homes would use plastic bottles similar to this when they couldn’t leave their post.”
“?”
As we continued our idiotic conversation, opposite to us…
“– Hey Megumin. You really look happy making those; I’m feeling happy too just watching you.”
Came Aqua’s leisurely voice.
“Of course. These amulets all hold my wish, that everyone will stay together forever… I’m grateful to you too, Aqua. Let’s always be together.”
“M… Megumin! This is… I’m so touched! I understand, I can’t go back to heaven anyway, so I’ll just ditch my job as a goddess and spend my time here happily! Kazuma will deal with the issue of money somehow, so let’s play together as much as we can and enjoy our time with everyone!”
“So you’re still talking about goddesses and heaven? Well, fine, as long as we’re all together…”
And while they were having a cheerful and heartwarming conversation in the living room…
“I’ll be honest; I’ve always felt that you were one erotic noble! You’ve got a slutty body and a seductive aura, but your defenses are way too strong! But even though you have such a lustful body, you’re always shy about the weirdest things! What’s wrong with you? Are you a perverted slut or a pure and innocent maiden? Make it clear! What’s with being both a virgin and a pervert you half-assed girl?!”
“Okay, I don’t like abusing the powers of a noble, but I’m not going to hold back against you! I’ll execute you for the crime of slandering a noble!”
Darkness, who was still curled up in a prone position inside the storage cabinet, was leaning my way with her hands still tied.
While keeping that posture, she kicked at me. And in this cramped space, I had no room to avoid.
“Go for it! Do it if you can, young lady! You’re just a Crusader who can’t even beat an Adventurer, the weakest job. Oh, so you want to rely on your daddy’s power just because you can’t beat me in a duel? Wow Lady Lalatina, you’re so cool!”
“Someone’s awfully cocky! As soon as those two leave, we’re dueling. I’ll kill you!”
“Did you actually just do that? To think an aristocratic lady would kick other people in the face, what kind of education did you have?! And even the way you speak changed, you sure are a young lady!”
“Ah, s-stop! Don’t push my stomach! If I can’t hold it in, you’ll suffer too!”
The situation was dire, but we forgot about it and started quietly fighting.
Compared to the harmonious talking in the living room, it was clear how small-minded the two of us were.
“– Hey, did you hear a knocking sound?”
“Really? I didn’t hear anything. Anyway, let’s get back to work. How about we finish before dinner and eat some grilled meat? The two of them should be back by then.”
“Sounds great to me! Summer’s barbecue season after all. And I want to drink some ice cold beer too! Let’s ask those two to buy the ingredients after they get back!”
Chatting cordially, the two of them left the mansion again.
And as soon as they did…
“I can’t believe you out of all people are looking down on me! You’re just a meat shield whose only strong point’s her exoticness! Why don’t I tell you your sole purpose in life?!”
“Bring it! You always get cold feet at critical moments like this, so do it if you can!”
Darkness and I forgot our original objective and kept squabbling in the cramped storage cabinet even after Aqua and Megumin left.
– I panted heavily as I dragged Darkness out of the storage cabinet and stood her up.
“Damn it, we wasted all that time because of something as stupid as that… What the hell are we doing…? Forget it, just go to the bathroom already… Ugh, I’m tired, I’ll go take a nap in my room.”
Darkness looked at me with an equally tired face.
“Really, I’m the one who wasted my time here. Go and sleep then, lazy bum. After I go to the bathroom, I’ll stay in my room until the Bind wears off. And after that, I’ll be having a serious match with you. I won’t stand for being underestimated so much, understand?”
With those words, she left for the toilet with her upper body still bound-up.
… This woman was really…
I hope she could learn even the tiniest thing from the more magnanimous Megumin.
I watched Darkness walk unsteadily to the toilet, then headed to my room on the second floor.
When I climbed into bed with relief after overcoming that crisis, I heard a knocking sound on my door… Or rather, the sound of someone kicking it violently.
I opened the door curiously and was confused by the person I saw behind it.
It was a troubled Darkness on the verge of tears.
Did the incident just now bother her, so she came to apologize?
Arguments between people with low boiling points was a common sight in this house, so there wasn’t any need to apologize now…
The moment I thought of that, Darkness rubbed her thighs together and said:
“P-Pardon me, Kazuma-san… Erm, I can’t use my hands to open the toilet door…”
Time for round two!
The toilet nearest to my room was on the second floor.
It was pretty far away from the front door, so there’d be enough time to react even if Megumin and Aqua came back suddenly.
“Hurry up, hurry up! Oh no, this is really bad!”
Darkness, looking as if she was about to cry, urged me.
She was probably asking me to hurry and open the toilet door.
… We just fought earlier, so I think I’ll stall a little.
“What’s really bad? Be clearer.”
Darkness squirmed before the door.
“You, you, why you little…! Doing this kind of play at a time like this. Just how accommodating are you acting for my sake…? Ah, really. It’s my fault! I was wrong, okay, so help me open the door! I’m not in the mood to enjoy this play right now!”
She was on the verge of tears and her breathing was very hard.
“No way around it then. Oh, but I’ll have to duel you after you solve your problem… Man, what a pain. Just the thought of it is making my hand hesitate…”
Darkness glared at me as I refused to let the matter rest.
“… Jerk…”
“I went too far, sorry! Stop crying! Hey, that’s cheating, it’s cheating for a woman to cry!”
The teardrop rolling down Darkness’s cheek made me open the door in a hurry.
However, …
“… Enough. I’ll just let myself go here and then tell Megumin and Aqua all about this.”
“I was wrong! Really, it’s my fault! I was too arrogant and went too far! I apologized, so please forgive me!”
It was my turn to show a crying face as I backed away from the now open door.
After Darkness, whose hands were still tied, entered the bathroom, I closed the door and sighed in relief.
There won’t be any more problems now.
“Hey Kazuma, my underwear! Oh no, I can’t take them off! Ah damn it, this is… What should I do…?”
Darkness’s crying voice came from the toilet.
How’d this even happen? These ‘extraordinary circumstances’ that gave an excuse for everyone involved to walk away happy.
“All right, leave it to me. I’ll take them off for you.”
As soon as she saw me open the door, Darkness yelled out in panic.
“Hey, wait, wait! …Ugh, damn it, isn’t there any other way…? Hey Kazuma, at least shut the window curtain! If it’s a little darker, it won’t be that bad…!”
I see.
However, …
“Sorry, but I have a skill called Night Vision…”
“Ugh, really, why are things so convenient for you?! But I guess that’s why you’re so reliable during crises, so thank you very much!”
Having fallen into confusion, Darkness, who’d started crying for no reason gave up and thanked me.
She must be at her limit.
At that moment, inspiration struck Darkness and her expression brightened up.
“Steal! Kazuma, use Steal on me from across the door! Your sexual harassment-styled Steal will definitely snatch my underwear! You’ll end up seeing my underwear, but that’s much better than you reaching directly into my skirt and taking them off!”
I see, that was a good idea.
However, …
“I used most of my mana on your Bind, and after casting Freeze in the storage cabinet, I’m completely out.”
“I take back what I said about you being ‘reliable during crises’ and my thanks! Ahhh, really, you’re so…!!”
In the end, the plan turned into me tugging her panties down a little, then Darkness doing the rest against a wall.
The sound of friction was bothering me a lot, but I didn’t have to stay here any longer.
But just when I was about to leave…
“K-Kazuma! Kazuma, wait, don’t go! It, it’s not coming out…! What should I do? It’s not coming out…!”
Darkness’s pained voice came from inside.
No, that’s not something I can help her with.
Her body probably wasn’t working well because she held it in too long.
So, the only thing I can do was…!
I clapped my hands in a light beat and yelled:
“Go, go Darkness– Go, go Darkness– You can do it, Darkness–”
“Moron, what are you thinking?! It’s the paper! I can’t pull any toilet paper out!”
Oh, so that’s what she meant. Well, it’s an easy mistake to make.
The toilet paper in this world was usually made of things like rags or low-grade paper.
Paper in this world was expensive after all.
If I remembered correctly, only the richest of the rich used real toilet paper.
While wondering what the point of pulling out toilet paper was when she can’t use her hands anyway, I shouted:
“I’m opening the door then!”
“What door?”
Before I’d realized it, Megumin and Aqua were standing before the toilet.
“– Really, that’s so dumb of you two… We’ve stayed together this long, you know? We wouldn’t misunderstand even if we saw that.”
Megumin said exasperatedly. She’d understood everything after a simple explanation.
I really wish the other two would learn from her comprehension and sensibility.
Darkness slumped her body and muttered quietly when she saw Megumin:
“Ugh… I have no words…”
“Also…”
Started Megumin, as she passed amulets to Darkness and Aqua.
“Also. Messing around randomly like this is just our style, isn’t it?”
She smiled happily from the bottom of her heart.
Darkness and I smiled naturally too…
But this warm and harmonious atmosphere was frozen by Aqua, who just couldn’t read the mood.
“By the way, did you make it in time?”
Though I was curious about that too.
That night.
“She’s still not here yet…”
Megumin said she’d be coming to my room tonight, so I was anxiously waiting there.
Steeling my heart, I had bought some expensive wine for Aqua, the one who’d been spoiling my plans lately.
As for Darkness, I had bought high grade manatite, cast a powerful Bind on her, then knocked her down in her room.
With the way she was shouting about how much she should pay for this play while squirming around with a flushed face, she probably wouldn’t be able to move till morning.
As I was waiting uneasily, I heard a soft knock.
“Kazuma, are you there?”
“Oh, of course! P-P-Please come in!”
I was so nervous I started stuttering, but it seemed that Megumin was the same.
She was hugging the motionless Chomusuke to her chest, maybe in place of a pillow.
She gulped after entering my room.
“P-Pardon the intrusion… By the way, this is the first time I’ve come to your room at this hour.”
“Y-Yeah, that’s right! Even though we’ve lived under the same roof for over a year!”
Megumin didn’t get right to the point, she looked around my room instead.
It’s good that she’s interested in the things in my room, but it’ll be bad if she discovers that by accident. I hope she won’t touch anything inside my closet.
Megumin, who seemed a little unnerved, fell into silence.
Both of us felt a little awkward, so the silence continued for a while.
“I came at a time like this in order to tell you about that thing I mentioned before…”
Megumin seemed to have made up her mind; she hugged Chomusuke in her arms a little tighter.
She didn’t pay any attention to how weak Chomusuke was. Even her ears were turning red, and a crimson gleam was shining in her eyes…!
“What I want to tell you is…”
“What you want to tell me is?!”
I gulped and unconsciously leaned closer.
“Y-You’re too close, Kazuma! Hold on, there’s no need to rush!”
“I’m not anxious about this. And the distance doesn’t matter, just keep going!”
I urged her onward.
“What I want to tell you is… T-That’s right! I-It’s about this little guy!”
Megumin said as she handed Chomusuke over to me…
“… Huh?”
“I wanted to tell you this guy’s true identity in secret.”
Wait…!
“No you didn’t! You already came this far, you wimp! You keep talking about how incompetent I am and how I always get cold feet, but you’re a total wimp yourself!”
“I-I never said you were incompetent! And I really did want to tell you about this guy!”
“Liar! Megumin, you’re such a liar! You should be talking about something sweeter; why’d you leave me stewing in anticipation for so long?!”
After trying to push Chomusuke over to me, Megumin forced the topic with a flushed face.
“I never told you this before, but actually, this guy isn’t a normal cat.”
“I know that already! I saw this thing breath fire and fly!”
“… What are you talking about? It might not be a cat, but that doesn’t mean it can breathe fire or fly.”
“I’ve been saying it all this time, I saw it! D-Don’t look at me with pity like that! Ah, whatever, it’s fine either way!”
That’s right, instead of this cat of unknown origin, the matter of Megumin’s heart was much more important.
“Think carefully, isn’t there something else you want to tell me?! Hurry up and muster some courage!”
“Ugh…”
Megumin backed away toward the door bit by bit while I just as gradually moved toward her.
“Just say it! You’ve already said most of it, haven’t you?! You’ve already told me several times that you like me or you love me or something!”
“I didn’t mention love at all, don’t exaggerate!”
Feeling pressured by me, Megumin wasn’t just blushing out of agitation; even her eyes had a crimson glow.
She looked like she wanted to say something, but she swallowed it back.
In the end, she forcefully stuffed Chomusuke into my hands and said:
“You already did all of those things with Darkness during the day, how immoral are you?! Please just sleep with this guy for now!”
After countering with that line, she dashed out of my room.
During the day she acted like she didn’t care, but wasn’t she actually slightly bothered after all?
Sleep with this guy for now. Does that mean that one day I can sleep with someone aside from this little guy? Wait, no, the more important thing is…!
“You left me hanging again! Ahhh!”
Translator: Skythewood
Editors: Adam, BlitzBlast, Cannongerbil, chosenone124, Skythewood, Xenthur, yuNS
When I came to, we were already in front of the capital.
The soldiers guarding the main gate were probably already used to the phenomenon of teleport and weren’t in the slightest bit surprised at our sudden appearance. They dutifully checked the surroundings for monsters that may have broken through the frontlines.
Since I’ve come all the way here, I considered going to see my cute sister Iris, but they were probably still searching for the mysterious and handsome thief.
In other words, they wouldn’t be able to resist my special aura and would capture and interrogate me using the lie detecting magic tool.
I slowly dropped my knapsack and said:
“All right, since we’re already prepared upon arrival, my original plan was for us to go straight for the frontlines. However, now that I think about it, we should collect some info on the situation from that person over there. I’ve got a plan-”
Leaving my confused companions behind, I walked toward the guard of the main gate.
“Everyone here is working hard. Ah, your passion for your work is truly commendable.”
“Thanks. You guys are travelling adventurers, right? You’ve probably heard this already, but the capital is currently in a state of high alert due to the attacks of the Demon King’s army. Anyway, don’t just stand there. If you’re entering the capital then hurry up and come in.”
The soldiers maintained their vigilance as they spoke to me who was wearing a friendly expression.
“No, we’re not here to visit the capital. Rather, we rushed here after hearing that the capital was in a state of crisis. We want to go support the fortress closest to the frontlines.
“Oh, you came here to help? … Though I am truly moved, will you be fine on the frontlines with your gear? The enemies gathered near the fortress are all elite troops of the Demon King’s army, you know?”
Though in truth I was fully fitted in expensive gear, it wouldn’t be wrong to say that light armor is unsuitable for the situation.
At first glance, I did appear to be rather weak.
“Hey, hey, I’ll feel troubled if you evaluate me so lightly. I might not look the part, but I have the accomplishment of defeating a Demon King’s general… My name is Satou Kazuma, you’ve at least heard of this name before, right?”
“Huh? What are you saying, a man like you…?”
Just as the soldier was doubting the contents of my boasting…
“Hey, wait a second! I don’t recognize this man, but I’ve seen the people behind him before!”
Another soldier spotted the rest of my group sitting a distance away.
“That’s right! I’ve heard of that great mage who swept away the Demon King’s army with Explosion Magic!”
“Wait, that’s Dustiness-sama! Dustiness-sama who was able to take the blows of a battalion of monsters is here!”
“I’ve seen that blue-haired priest before! When the Demon King’s army attacked a while ago, she cast powerful support magic and healed all the wounded!”
The soldiers pointed at the people standing behind me and excitedly discussed amongst themselves.
It seems that they remembered the time when we visited the capital and participated in repelling the Demon King’s army.
“It seems that you know your stuff. Yes, we’re…”
“Ah, I remember you! You’re the guy that was hacked to death by kobolds!”
… Eh?
“Yeah. Now that you mention it, I remember now. You’re the guy that embarrassingly charged in front and got surrounded and mobbed by kobolds!”
“You’re way too weak, don’t even think about coming to a place like this. There is a faraway town called Axel that is known as the gathering place for newbie adventurers. Why don’t you go there and level-up a bit first?”
“The monsters around here are all really strong. By the way, are you their servant or something? Even if you’re just a porter, you need to have decent strength.”
Ah, what should I say?
… No, now is not the time to pointlessly argue with these guards.
“As you can see, we’re a strong adventurer party. Besides me, the leader, the party is composed of an Arch Priest, a Crusader, and two Archwizards. It’s a rather luxurious group, isn’t it?”
“Ah, that’s pretty amazing! … Hey, if I may ask, what job do you, the self-proclaimed leader have?”
“… Humph. Right now we’re going to go help the nearest fortress, but we’re not sure how to get there. That said, if there are any adventurers or soldiers going to the fortress, please allow us to accompany them. Of course, since they’re leading the way for us, we won’t charge any protection fees, so you can be rest assured.”
I ignored the soldier’s inquiry and returned to the original objective of this conversation.
Even though it was only a two-day trek to the fortress, there were a lot of strong monsters along the way. So I thought it’d be better to have someone guide us while simultaneously improving our combat capabilities.
To be honest, the only person that was useful in this situation was Yunyun. So in a roundabout way, I was actually looking for some makeshift bodyguards.
But my brilliant plan–
“It is extremely regrettable, but I’d not recommend going there. The enemy general’s siege on the fortress has been relentless. Currently, wounded adventurers are falling back every day, and his majesty the king, and the crown prince–whom were fighting in the frontlines–have been forced to retreat for the sake of their safety. In this kind of situation, no one would willingly go to the fortress.”
“What-?”
– Was shattered by the soldiers who described the unexpected circumstances.
The situation was far more dire than I’d thought.
The soldiers continued:
“Even though no one can bring you there, as a compromise, I can give you a map that shows you the location of the fortress, as well as the distribution of monsters in the area. I’d usually stop other adventurers from going, but with a party like yours, you shouldn’t have any problems getting there. Good luck! Your name is Satou Kazuma, right? I’ll tell the adventurers and the townspeople that ‘a brave adventurer party led by Satou Kazuma has left for the frontlines’!”
“… Huh?”
No, actually, I was reconsidering whether or not we should ask for help.
“I’ll leave it to you to help my comrades that’ve been struggling on the frontlines!”
“Yeah! We saw how you repelled the Demon King’s army last time! You guys can do it!”
“All right, I’ll go to town to spread the news! Everyone will be overjoyed!”
While I was at a loss for words, the soldiers continued to converse amongst one another.
They handed me the map.
“Well then, we’ll leave this to you!”
“Ah, ok.”
– With the map in hand, I solemnly returned to my idle companions.
“… Look, after talking to them, I managed to get a map to the fortress and the information about monsters.”
“Well that is a surprise, I didn’t think Kazuma was this enthusiastic. Well then, let’s go!”
… Eh?
The options to turn back were quickly cut off.
– If there weren’t any problems along the way, it’d take about two days to travel to the fortress.
Anyway, there were checkpoints along the way where we could rest.
Since a dangerous location like the frontlines wouldn’t have any caravans, we decided to travel to the first checkpoint.
“Oh, if anyone is hungry, please tell me, I brought a lot of snacks! Also, since I know elementary-level magic, I can create clean water, so if you’re thirsty you can tell me as well. Ah, Megumin stop! Don’t go there, that path looks like it is about to collapse.”
“Why are you so naggy? Are you a child going camping for the first time? We have a long walk ahead of us today, so if you keep this up, you’ll be really tired later.”
It seemed that it was Yunyun’s first time travelling with such a large group. She restlessly walked in front of the group, and her eyes were shining with a bright, excited crimson.
Although she’d accompanied us to the Crimson Demon Village, overnight trips were a different story altogether.
However, someone else besides Yunyun was equally excited.
“What are these light and fluffy things? I’ve never seen them in Axel.”
“… Hmm? Hey Aqua, they’re fairy-type creatures called Kesaran Pasaran. They’re completely harmless, so just ignore them…”
Despite my advice, Aqua continued to chase the curious flying furballs.
“Kesaran Pasarans are a subtype of snow-fairies, so if you bully it too much, their guardian will show up.”
Ignoring Aqua who excitedly chased the white furballs around, I asked Megumin an important question:
“Hey Megumin, are you sure it was a good idea to bring it along?”
I pointed at Chomusuke, who was walking in front of the group alongside the elated Yunyun.
Although I felt that it was pointless to bring this black furball to the frontlines, Megumin insisted that there would be a time where it’d be of some use to us.
“You’ll understand when we get there. In other words, this thing will help us subjugate the Demon King’s army general.”
Megumin answered the question of ‘why?’ before I could even ask.
Well, it was still hard to believe that the furball being fed by Yunyun was in fact an evil god.
“Ah. Hey Aqua, it’s dangerous to hold onto it any longer, just let it go already.”
“Just let me rub it a little while longer. I’ve been away from Emperor Zell for a long time and this thing reminds me of him.”
“Didn’t you part with Emperor Zell this morning?”
As Megumin and I listened to the peaceful chatter from behind, I began to doubt whether or not this was really the dangerous frontlines.
As I began to doubt myself –
I was alerted by my Enemy Detection.
However, since I was doused by the peace and tranquility of the situation, my reaction was one step slower.
As I was about warn everyone…
“Stop right there, adventurers! This path is under our control! Leave your money and luggage here!”
– A group of battle-ready bandits appeared before us.
Seeing this group of unkempt and disorderly men, I became excited like never before.
Though such events were outside my control, it was my first time experiencing such a fantasy world-like event since coming to this world.
Of course, it was the same for Aqua.
“Kazuma, it’s bandits! It’s my first time seeing actual bandits! In this world filled to the brim with monsters, there are actually people who take up such a useless way of life!”
Aqua excitedly gazed at the group of men.
At first I thought that the security of a fantasy world would be bad, and that there were probably bandits along the roads.
After all, this is a common thing in the fantasy worlds that I was familiar with.
However, the reality is not that simple. In a world filled with monsters, it was hard to understand why anyone would decide to live outside the walls of a town or city. To think that there were people that’d actually pursue a life of banditry…
If one was capable of surviving in a place filled with monsters, instead of waiting for prey that might not even show up, it’d be better to work as an adventurer and live a more stable life.
Adventuring might not be that stable a line of work, but compared to fugitives who were unable to enter towns and lived in constant fear of monsters and knights, being an adventurer was far better.
Aqua and I weren’t the only ones moved by the appearance of the legendary mob called ‘bandit’.
“Kazuma, Kazuma! The mob that’s rarer than onion ducks–bandits–have appeared!”
“Bandits have really appeared! Even though I travel a lot on my own, this is the first time I’ve encountered actual living bandits! When I return to the Crimson Demons Village, I’ll brag to everyone about this!”
The men gritted their teeth in anger as they listened to the excited cries of the two Crimson Demons.
It was then that I noticed the heavy atmosphere that surrounded Darkness.
No.
Her body seemed to tremble in excitement.
The bandits’ frustration grew as they witnessed our unfazed reaction toward their appearance.
“Hey, are you guys looking down on us? Hurry up and hand over your money!”
The bearded man–who seemed to be the bandit leader–gazed at us with bloodshot eyes.
What a textbook performance!
These guys are definitely the real deal!
With each passing moment, we were becoming more moved by their appearance.
On the other hand, Darkness quickly moved in front of the group.
“Just looking at you people, I can clearly tell that you people haven’t had a bath in forever and reek of disgusting body odor! I’m not sure if it’s due to the abstinent lifestyle in the mountains, but your gazes are also filled with lust! You imbecile bandits who’d ravish weak girls with all your might, my name’s Dustiness ford Lalatina! As a female knight, I won’t let you do as you please!”
Darkness valiantly introduced herself and moved to the front of the party as if to shield us. However, her face–which was a shade of beet red–suggested otherwise.
“Dustiness…?”
“Hey, hey, did she just say Dustiness?”
“Dustiness as in the noble house Dustiness? Now that I think about it, she has blonde hair and blue eyes… Isn’t that evidence of her noble heritage?”
Without heed for the bandit’s conversation–
“You said to leave our luggage and money. But you bastards won’t be satisfied by just that, will you? I can tell just by seeing your gazes… Once we remove our battle equipment you’ll say things like, ‘Hey, aren’t these girls quite nice? We’ll be able to fetch a high price for them…!’.”
The men before us scrambled to get away from the rambling pervert who, once upon a time, said that she’d try to act more ladylike.
“Of course it won’t end there! You’ll say things like, ‘Boss, before we sell the goods, why don’t we try them out?’ with a dirty smile! Then the person over there that looks like your boss will say, ‘Oh, of course. Is there a reason not to try out our high quality products…?’ … Hey, what is it? Why are you suddenly running? What’s your intention?”
Darkness stared blankly at the bandits, who turned tail and ran away without a second of doubt.
“If there are nobles here, then that means there are knight squadrons nearby! Hurry up and run!”
“Those red eyes, they’re Crimson Demons!”
“Hey, hey wait! There are a bunch of young girls here! Are you sure you’re fine with this? Also, there are no knights here! Wait, wait! What about your pride as bandits…?”
To stop her from chasing the bandits while saying idiotic things, I grabbed Darkness by the collar of her armor.
“We’re in such a mess because you didn’t let those people go.”
“Ah, b-but as a knight I can’t turn a blind eye to those that harm the masses…”
The sun had completely set.
After setting up camp, we sat around a campfire.
Because a certain moron suggested we search the area to finish off the bandits, we didn’t reach the checkpoint in time.
“I also wanted to fight those bandits. If we defeat such a rare mob, lots of money will drop for sure.”
“Hey, don’t call bandits a mob.”
Those people were outlaws, but squandering our time was a criminal act as well.
“By the way, who’ll keep watch for tonight? The monsters around here are really dangerous.”
As Aqua said that, she added more sticks to the campfire and curiously inspected the contents of the pot that hung above it.
The pot continued to release a pleasant aroma.
“Ah, p-please leave it to me. I have confidence in my stamina, so everyone else can take a rest.”
“Darkness-san, this camping atmosphere has made me really excited! There’ll be no problems! Please leave it to me!”
Yunyun spoke to the apologetic Darkness without reserve.
From what I see, it seemed that she was really happy.
Megumin looked up toward Yunyun and said:
“… Don’t stay up late, all right? After all, you were probably really excited about our journey and didn’t sleep last night, right?”
“H-How do you know that?”
She was like a child going on a field trip.
“Just let me do it, all right? I have the Enemy Detection and Night Vision skills, and I’m a night owl anyway. Put out the fire after dinner so that we won’t be noticed by monsters.”
Hearing what I had to say, Darkness apologetically lowered her head.
“Sorry Kazuma, because of my stupid actions…”
“Of course, If you really feel bad about it, don’t chase after some random old men again.”
“No problem. I lost my composure because bandits–who’re the enemy of all female knights–appeared. I’ve prepared myself. In the future, I’ll only allow myself to be led around by a specific person.”
“Hey, I don’t get what you mean, but I feel like I’d be better off not knowing.”
Toward Darkness who said such nonsense with a serious expression, I replied with an equally serious expression.
A while after everyone else had eaten their late dinner and gone to sleep–
I put out the fire and stood guard over the camp alone.
I maximized the output of the Night Vision ability and tried various ways to see everyone’s sleeping faces.
Then, from somewhere in the faraway darkness, I detected the presence of some monsters.
The campfire had already been put out and the skies were cloudy without a trace of starlight, so the surroundings were almost completely dark. Even if it was a nocturnal monster, our position shouldn’t be easily discovered.
As a precaution, I activated Lurk on everyone.
Even though it looked like I was assaulting them in their sleep, this was simply a security measure. It wasn’t something I needed to feel guilty about.
Anyhow, I don’t think we’ll be discovered.
… I thought, but it seemed like the enemy was moving directly toward our location.
The time wasn’t even past midnight.
When I realized that, I figured out the identity of the monster–
It was an undead that was drawn to Aqua’s presence.
Thinking back to my experiences with Aqua in Keele’s dungeon, I remembered that masses of undead that were drawn to Aqua’s presence. It was to the extent that the Lurk skill had no effect.
It seems that there’s no other way. Should I wake everyone up?
If I have to wake everyone up, then we need to light a fire.
But that might attract a bunch of monsters. More importantly, the reaction of the undead becomes stronger in the presence of light.
If it was just a couple of zombies or skeletons, then I could deal with this alone.
With my Farsight ability, I can accurately fire several arrows if they get closer.
I considered the situation calmly and silently waited for them to approach.
The heavy sounds that came from the direction made me feel uneasy.
– Thump.
There was the sound of something wet.
– Thump.
At the very least, it was a sound that a mere zombie shouldn’t be able to make.
I tried focusing on it, but I couldn’t identify the enemy.
I had a bad feeling about this and quickly turned to wake everyone up.
“Hey, there’s something coming! It seems to be an undead… Hey, get up! Aqua, Aqua!!!”
The other three woke up immediately, but the most important person didn’t even bat an eye.
– Thump.
I drew my katana and pointed it in the direction of the approaching enemy.
“Hey, hurry up and wake this idiot up! Also, for some reason I can’t make out the silhouette of the enemy with my Night Vision. Just light up the surroundings!”
Darkness picked up her great sword and scabbard as Megumin tried to shake Aqua awake.
“Aqua, Aqua! Get up, an undead is here!”
Despite Megumin’s efforts, Aqua continued to lay motionless.
“I’m sleepy… Could you just tell them to let me go for today…?”
“Hey, useless livestock, get out of bed already! They’re here for you, so get up and do something! Tinder!!”
Infusing more mana than usual, I loudly chanted and directed the spell to the space in front of me.
The surroundings–which lacked a fuel for fire–was brightened by the magical luminescence.
Even though I used a large amount of magic power, the light still couldn’t be sustained for long.
Once I saw the enemy, I understood why I couldn’t see this enemy clearly with my Night Vision.
The reason I couldn’t identify the enemy was because it was too large.
“Ah-! W-W-W-W-W-What…? What, what, what’s this…?”
Megumin immediately lost her composure.
“How could it…? Why in a place like this…?”
Yunyun, who had faced off against numerous powerful enemies, froze at the sight of the monster.
Even Darkness who happily rushed into the most dangerous situations was at a loss for words.
“… H-Hurry up and w-wake Aqua up…!”
Gazing at the monster before us, I stiffly murmured.
“–!!”
A difficult to describe noise reverberated in the night.
Its vocal cords had probably rotted, so it could only utter such a sound.
It opened its maw wide and whenever it tried to roar, something sprayed out.
The thing it spitted out that fell to the ground with a wet thud was a part of its rotten body.
“The walking corpse of a dragon! There’s no better adversary for a Crusader! The three of you, back away!”
Darkness took a stance with her sword to protect us.
“–!!”
As if reacting to Darkness’s meager hostility, it once again released a disastrous sound as it pulled its gigantic body in our direction…
“Aqua–!! Aqua-sama–!! It’s a dragon!! A bone dragon’s appeared! Hurry up!! I beg you, please do something about it–!!”
Its gigantic body seemed like it could topple houses just by leaning on it.
The bone dragon extended it wings, and its massive body seemed to become even more daunting.
With a sense of dreadful hopelessness, I looked toward Aqua.
Aqua seemed to be unfazed and continued to roll in her sheets.
“Hmm… It’s just a bone dragon… Let Emperor Zell deal with it…”
“Stop dreaming and get up or you’ll become bone dragon food!”
The bone dragon pounced at Darkness!
“Turn Undead–!”
After being hit by Aqua’s holy magic, the bone dragon released a dreadful cry and was purified.
If Aqua had any redeeming qualities, it was that she was reliable against the undead.
I was about to show my gratitude toward Aqua…
…?
No, wait a second, it was her fault that the bone dragon showed up in the first place!
I looked at Darkness, who laid on the floor as Megumin and Yunyun kneeled beside her.
“Darkness! Please Darkness! Your injuries aren’t deep, so open your eyes!”
“Megumin, don’t shake her! I-I-In times like these, we have to stay calm!”
In the first place, if Aqua had woken up immediately, then Darkness–who protected us–wouldn’t have been struck unconscious.
“Hehe, how could a mere bone dragon be my worthy opponent? Kazuma, praise me however you wa– Ahhh–!”
Without another word, I grabbed Aqua’s face and began to use Drain Touch.
“W-Wait, what are you doing? Doing this when I can’t resist, are you looking for a fight?”
Aqua cried as she flicked my hands away, she then proceeded to tackle me.
“It’s because I don’t want to give you time to resist! Just look at Darkness! It’s your fault that the bone dragon showed up! Just get up when we tell you to get up! Give me some of your energy to make up for mine when I stayed up all night to keep watch!”
“What? W-Why should I? Didn’t you just ambush me? I won’t let you drain energy from me ever again. Here, I’ll let you try, but not even a real lich can drain from me!”
This selfish idiot!
Ignoring Aqua who showed a strange defiance, I ran toward Darkness and used Tinder to check her condition.
When I was busy trying to wake up Aqua, Darkness had taken the attacks of the bone dragon on her own…
“Heal–! … Well, as expected of Darkness. Even though a dragon’s signature breath attack can’t be used after they become undead, their physical limits are removed. So basically, a bone dragon’s physical attacks are more powerful than living dragons.  I’m surprised she wasn’t reduced to paste when she took on the bone dragon’s attacks head on.”
Aqua said such dangerous things as she healed darkness.
Come to think about it, it was rare for Darkness to be knocked out so easily.
Were the monsters in the frontlines this vicious?
… Well, if there are bone dragons, doesn’t that mean that there are also live dragons here?
Hmm… Although the map mentioned bone dragons, I’m fairly confident that it never mentioned live dragons…
Megumin and Yunyun sat worriedly beside Darkness, whose armor had been deformed from the vicious blows of the bone dragon.
Then, I noticed the things looming in our surroundings.
“Damn, the monsters have noticed our presence because of the light and noises from the fight. My Enemy Detection is showing a huge return signal. We don’t have a choice, let’s move somewhere else. I’ll take Darkness’s and your luggage, so Aqua, carry Darkness.”
“What? You’re asking me to carry Darkness? She’s really heavy with her armour on. Also, are we going to walk around in the dark?”
I deftly gathered their belongings and said:
“Cast some strength enhancing magic on yourself. With your high stats besides luck and intelligence, you should be able to easily carry her if you cast it. Cast a buff on me too while you’re at it. It’s already hard to carry three people’s worth of luggage with my abilities, so there’s no way I can carry Darkness. Megumin and Yunyun will hold my hands and we’ll proceed using my Night Vision. Be careful not to trip.”
As I said that, I picked up the luggage.
Ugh… As expected, it’s a bit too much…
“By the way, even without armor, isn’t Darkness rather heavy? Also, she was bitten by the bone dragon so she smells really bad…”
“… That’s because Darkness’s body is full of muscles, don’t tell her that though.”
Darkness’s armor made clattering sounds with each step that Aqua took.
Under the cloudy skies and without the slightest glint of starlight, we proceeded forward through this black landscape.
Aqua–whose ability to see in the dark was far superior to mine–happily said:
“Ah, this reminds me of the time when Kazuma and I went to that dungeon a while ago. If I remember correctly, Kazuma tried to touch my butt in the darkness.”
“Hey, if you’re going to make groundless accusations, I’ll leave you here alone.”
Megumin giggled at our pointless banter.
“Even though we just encountered a bone dragon and barely escaped a group of monsters, I can’t help but feel reassured. While we can’t be called a powerful party, I feel that as long as we stay together, we can overcome anything.”
Megumin tightened her grip on my hand.
… Well, maybe I expected too much of her thoughtless but honest behavior.
“How great… When will I be able to encounter companions like Kazuma-san’s group?”
Yunyun–who held my other hand–said with a hint of envy.
When Yunyun said that, Megumin clenched my right hand tightly for some reason.
“That’s impossible. After all, Yunyun needs to be able to make friends first.”
“?”
“H-Hey, don’t diss people at a time like this!”
After a long trek, Darkness finally woke up.
A while after, we saw the light of the checkpoint residence, and we collectively breathed a sigh of relief.
I heard there was a place to stay, but I wasn’t expecting a building as large as a noble’s mansion, surrounded by solid walls.
As we moved closer, we saw a billboard indicating the specialties here.
“So the living accommodation here is a hot-spring inn… When I think of hot-springs, I can’t help but remember the time where we went to Alcanretia.”
Megumin nostalgically said.
Darkness and Megumin giggled, as if resisting the urge to outright laugh.
“Yes. Back then, Kazuma tried to eavesdrop on us when we entered the bath.”
“K-Kazuma-san, did you really do that…?”
Yunyun’s jaded eyes stared at me as if she was looking at trash.
“Hey Kazuma, the bath here’s probably a mixed-bath, so could you wait till we’re done to go in? I feel like my chastity is at risk.”
“That’s merely wishful thinking; Even I have the right to choose, you know?”
Aqua and I pushed our palms against one another as if we were sumo-wrestling. Then, Megumin happily said:
“Let’s go. There aren’t many people who’d come to a hot-springs inn out here, so we probably have the place all to ourselves.”
“I’ll go first! Actually, why don’t we all wash together?”
“I don’t mind.”
And of course, my reply was ignored.
“Wait, didn’t Aqua ruin the hot-spring in Alcanretia? Aqua, could you go in last?”
“Hmm, all right. Taking a bath last is pretty enjoyable you know; after all, being able to take my time is one of the merits of a vacation.”
“T-T-Taking a bath… With everyone…”
Despite the time, the girls rowdily entered the inn.
… Would it kill you guys to listen to what I’ve to say?
Then, Megumin turned to face me, who was left behind by the group.
“Well then, would you rather take a bath with me?”
Megumin delightfully giggled to herself.
Hey, what are you trying to do all of a sudden? If I say, ‘All right, why not?’ then you’ll be flustered, won’t you?
When I was at a loss for words, Darkness turned and said:
“We’ll finish quickly; after that you can take your time in the bath. After all, you seem to take a long time to bathe.”
Japanese people tend to take long baths, so it can’t be helped.
“Well otherwise, if you’d like to, I can scrub your back like I did before…”
Darkness showed the same expression as Megumin.
“What are you guys saying? Did you eat something wrong? Even though there’s a saying that states where people become really open when they’re travelling, you guys should think it through first. If you say such suggestive things, then what are you going to do when I say ‘Well sure!’ …?”
“I’m fine with that. When do you want to go to the bath?”
“Sure, if you really have the guts to do it, I’ll scrub your back whenever.”
As if they already predicted what I was going to say, the two replied without a moment’s delay. They also showed rather provocative expressions…
… Huh?
What’s happening, since when were these two so accepting?
If I just say the word, would these two actually do it?
Hmm, what should I do…? I should say ‘Well sure!’, shouldn’t I…?
“Then let’s go, Kazuma.”
Once I saw Megumin’s serene and happy expression, I understood.
That was the expression of someone who believed that I was just shooting my mouth off and wouldn’t actually do anything in the end.
Ah, what’s this feeling?
To be honest, I want to do some lewd things, I want to do some affectionate things. I really do.
But I didn’t want to betray their trust.
Ah, what were they planning to do? What exactly did they see in me?
Megumin easily said things like ‘I don’t dislike you’ and jokingly said things like ‘I like you’, but never said anything like ‘Please go out with me’, or any other decisive lines for that matter.
On the other hand, Darkness–even though we’d almost crossed the line together, even though our relationship had become rather close at the mansion; it felt as if my affection points had been reset.
What’d they want from me?
A girl’s heart is hard to understand, so I can’t go on the aggressive either…
Even though I thought it was fine, if they told me ‘Please don’t misunderstand.’, then our good relationship would crumble.
Damnit, since when was I so weak? I, Satou Kazuma, shouldn’t be such a feeble person!
Now that I think about it, did I really like them that much?
I couldn’t be sure.
Maybe I won’t like them so much after I go for a succubus service.
I’m really the worst, but I won’t find the answer even if I keep thinking about it.
Well, there was no need to rush.
I’ll just go take a bath and slowly think about it.
Putting these thoughts on hold, I removed my clothes.
– As I posed before the mirror, I couldn’t help but think that this quickly levelling body had been developing quite well.
We arrived at the inn a little past midnight, so there shouldn’t be anyone here.
However, a pleasant humming came from the bathing area.
Hearing these hums that showed the owner’s good mood, I was sure that there was a girl in the bath.
Even though everyone already knew that I’d enter the bath after them, there was still someone here.
This kind of rare situation… Was Megumin or Darkness trying to tempt me?
Heh, do they really think I’m that much of a wimp?
… All right, I’ve decided.
This is too much of a pain.
I don’t care if it’s Megumin or Darkness, if they’d resort to these dastardly methods to tempt me, then I’ll show them what’s up.
They can beg for mercy all they want; I’ll do it no matter what.
Like I care anymore about ‘party chemistry’ or such troublesome things!
Now that I’ve finally decided to do it, I couldn’t help but feel a sense of inner peace.
It was foolish of me to become troubled with such problems.
Those acts were unbecoming of myself.
Yes, from now on, I’ll live according to my own wishes.
With a newfound sense of vigor, I proudly pushed open the door–
There was a red-haired onee-san in the bath.
“… Eh? Why, and here I was thinking who it was. It’s you again. Do you still remember this onee-san? We met in the hot-springs at Alcaretia…”
Toward this welcoming and smiling onee-san, I shouted without a trace of hesitation.
“I’ll kill you!!”
“Huh, what?”
– I entered the bath a fair distance away from the frightened onee-san.
“Ah, this hot spring is quite nice. Also, could you not act so scared of me? I was just a bit frustrated that my ‘moment of clarity’ had been wasted. I thought that one of my companions was in the bath…”
“I-Is that right? Also, it’s perfectly normal for me to be scared of you. After all, you declared your intention to kill me even though this is practically the first time we’ve met. How should I say this? Your eyes were totally serious and I could feel the murderous intent from all the way here…”
The onee-san’s cat-like eyes seemed to dilate in fear.
“Well… Now that I think about what onee-san said… If I remember correctly you’re that teary-eyed onee-san whose breasts I stared at, right? Of course I remember you, they’re big, after all.”
“Um, I, … Even though this is the second time we’ve met, you’re able to say ‘they’re big’ without any hesitation… Isn’t this sexual harassment…?”
“No, I’ve decided. From now on I’ll no longer hide my true self. I won’t avert my gaze nor will I resist my urges. I’ll live life my own way.”
“Even though what you said sounds good, in this situation, I can’t help but think that I’m in a crisis…”
For some reason the fear in her gaze seemed to increase. As if to hide her body, she submerged her shoulders in the murky-white spring water.
In the face of the kind Samaritan Satou Kazuma, was there really a need to be so cautious?
I thought back to my first encounter with this onee-san.
If I remember correctly, she had been talking to the general in charge of destroying Alcaretia–the poison slime, Hans–as if they were companions.
That’d mean that this onee-san was involved with the Demon King’s army. To begin with, shouldn’t I be the one who should be cautious?
“By the way, why are you in a place like this? You said you were an adventurer, but aren’t there a lot of powerful monsters here? Though saying this is a show of bad manners, you don’t look very strong… Will you be fine?”
Ah. This onee-san wasn’t suspicious of me; rather, she was genuinely worried for me.
Seeing this onee-san’s attitude, I released a long sigh.
Usually I–who barely counts, but am still an adventurer–should be trying to figure out this onee-san’s true identity. However, I couldn’t bring myself to hate this onee-san that I just met.
“There’s no problem. Even though I’m really weak, there’s a reliable Crimson Demon with us. Anyway, I didn’t want to come to this place, but my companions wanted to… So… Why’s onee-san in this place?”
“Me? … Well, I guess that’s true. After working hard every day without rest, to reward myself, I came to my favorite hot spring. Also, I’m looking for an important companion that can’t be found that easily…”
This onee-san seemed to have come with good intentions.
“Important companion? So you came to find your lover?”
“No, it’s not a lover… Hmm, more accurately, I’m looking for my partner, a part of myself that was sealed away somewhere… Well, at this point I feel like giving up.”
As onee-san said that, she showed a lonely expression.
“Give up on what? One of my companions is a bit weird, like there’s something wrong with her head… No, she’s a person of special circumstances… Do you want to discuss it with her? She’s here as well.”
“Ah… Is that person a Crimson Demon? I’m not that type of weird person, so don’t worry.”
Although the onee-san’s expression was stiff, she replied with a bright smile.
“Eh, is that right? Well then, I can listen to your problems I guess. If you don’t mind, could you tell me about it?”
Seeing my relaxed attitude, the onee-san said to me with a smile:
“You’ll listen to my complaints? Hmm. Somewhere in the Crimson Demon village, something like my other half or companion or evil god… Basically, my partner who’s a black cat was sealed in a gravestone.”
I felt like I’ve heard this onee-san’s story before.
This was extremely similar to the story I’d recently heard from a certain improper crimson-eyed girl.
“When it was released with me, it accumulated intense grudge and was too hard to keep under control, so I allowed it to slumber a little longer… But when I went back to check on the situation, the seal had already been released and my partner had been taken by someone.”
Though it was unlikely, could it be–?
“… I’m just a bit curious, but is your partner a black cat that can fly and breath flames?”
“Sorry, but I don’t understand what you mean.”
The onee-san gazed at me in serious disbelief.
No, wait a second, why was someone who was just talking about a sealed evil god looking at me like that?
I quickly recomposed myself.
“Well, my Crimson Demon companion proclaims that her pet black cat’s an evil god.”
The moment I mentioned it, the onee-san’s expression became more sinister.
“… A black cat raised by a Crimson Demon? And that person called the cat an evil god? It sounds a bit chunni though…”
“Um, hmm, well that’s all there is… Well anyway, that person said that she was a god of destruction or something in her previous life, so there’s no need to take her seriously.”
I was slightly uncomfortable toward her sudden shift in attitude.
“I-Is that so? If you don’t mind me asking, is that black cat…? Right, does it like lazy people?”
“… I don’t think so? I think that that cat’s the closest to me, and I don’t think I’m really lazy at all. I put in the most effort in my entire party and I’m fairly certain I have the most common sense as well.”
“I-Is that so…? Then, is it really ferocious?
For some reason, the onee-san seemed to flinch.
“It’s so timid that a newborn chick was chasing it around.”
“Thanks, that’s enough. It’s not the one I’m looking for.”
Hearing my reply, the onee-san appeared to have confirmed something.
As she stood up from the bath with some effort, beads of hot water dripped from her towel and trickled down her skin.
“Then I’ll be going. This place is close to the front against the Demon King’s army, and the security is lacking to the extent where I encountered the rare existence known as bandits on my way here. You’re better off going back to the capital, all right?”
The onee-san squinted her cat-like yellow eyes and revealed a sincere, heartwarming smile.
“… How should I say this? I can’t really explain it, but I don’t want to treat onee-san like a stranger. I don’t really get this strange feeling… Ah, no. I’m not trying to hit on you or anything like that, ok?”
Though I said something absurd without thinking, the onee-san didn’t seem troubled at all, but rather, she opened her squinted eyes in surprise.
“This… Um, what a coincidence. To me, you don’t feel like a stranger either. That’s why I’m giving you some advice to get away from here as quickly as possible… After all, there’s the chance you encountered my other half and have taken good care of it.”
The onee-san playfully teased, then left with a happy smile.
As I saw the onee-san off, I got the feeling that, even if she was related to the Demon King’s army, I didn’t want to see her as a dangerous person… I couldn’t understand why…
If I get the chance to talk to her again, I’ll ask her why she joined the Demon King’s army…
“… Crap, I didn’t ask for onee-san’s name!”
The next morning–
Having slept well at the inn, our party moved toward the fortress with renewed vigor.
“Kazuma, you seem to be in a good mood. You stayed in the bath for a long time yesterday. Did something happen?”
Walking on the paved road, Megumin happily said.
“I guess something happened. When I went into the hot spring yesterday, I encountered a beautiful onee-san that I met before in Alcaretia.”
In response to my cheerful reply, Megumin suddenly stopped walking.
“Oh, huh? I suppose that’s pretty good. By the way, did you meet in the mixed bath?”
“Yeah. Hmm, now that I think about it, they were quite big. They were probably even bigger than Darkness’s.”
It seemed that Darkness was listening to the conversation, as she practically jumped when she heard me say that.
“What are you saying all of a sudden? If I leave my eyes off you for a moment, something like this happens… But isn’t a solitary young girl at a fortress checkpoint a bit suspicious?”
Darkness carried her broken armor pieces and showed an expression between anger and embarrassment.
“It’s fine. That onee-san gave me a warning, just like back in Alcaretia. She also said she encountered some bandits last night, so we should be careful.
Yunyun–who energetically listened in on our conversation–asked:
“Um, that person was fine after encountering bandits? It’s probably the same group of bandits that we saw yesterday. If it’s a beautiful onee-san, then she shouldn’t have been able to get away…”
“Eh, despite your honest appearance, you have such perverted fantasies.”
Megumin–even though she was busy dodging Chomusuke who ran excitedly at her feet–found the time to make snarky remarks at Yunyun.
Hmm? Yunyun has a point.
How’d that onee-san turn out unharmed after encountering those bandits?
… Well that was because she was affiliated with the Demon King’s army, but…
Despite her mellow appearance, maybe she was really powerful.
Well, I had no idea what to think of that onee-san.
I should’ve been more cautious toward her than the bandits, but because we were in the same bath, I didn’t think she was dangerous.
“Wait, isn’t it normal to think that way if we’re talking about bandits? Also, I don’t want to be called a pervert by Megumin of all people! Haven’t you already taken a bath and shared a bed with Kazuma-san?”
“Hey! It’s fine if I say it myself, but it’s embarrassing for someone else to say it, so shut up!”
Looking at Megumin who received retaliation for her remarks, I thought about that onee-san.
“… Ah, they’re big.”
“?”
– After that–with the exception of Aqua being attacked by a great kesaran pesaran after chasing them around–nothing worth mentioning happened.
Finally, we arrived at the fortress at the break of dusk.
“It’s huge~”
Now we were looking up at a fortress which was about the size of the royal castle.
As expected of the frontline fortress, it looked as if it was impregnable.
The fortress had an overwhelming presence as the cornerstone of the kingdom and was said to be able to accommodate over a thousand people.
“Did those guards say that this fortress’s falling to a mere Demon King’s general? Even if it’s a general, I doubt that it can be done.”
“That’s what I thought, but a Demon King’s general is said to be able to destroy an entire city on its own. In another sense, what’s abnormal is how we were able to defeat them so easily.”
Hearing Darkness’s response, I thought back to the generals that we’d encountered in the past.
– Despite being attacked from numerous directions at the same time, he showed no opening in his defense. His overwhelming swordsmanship was accompanied by his limitless stamina and high magic defense as an undead. No matter what kind of powerful enemy he faced, he could defeat them using Proclamation of Death. The Dullahan knight, Beldia.
– Having the power to change into human form, absolute resistance to magic attacks and a poisonous composition that’d fatally harm anyone that touched him, he was able to use his overwhelming size to crush and devour anything in his way. The poisonous slime of fatality, Hans.
– By constantly evolving by combining with monsters, she(?) possessed the power to incorporate various unique traits and use all forms of energy as she pleased. The limitless chimera, Sylvia.
– Possessing an indestructible form, his existence could be said to violate the rules of the world itself. The duke of hell, Vanir.
– Not only did she have the ability to use all forms of magic and Teleport, but she could also use Explosion Magic. Not only does she have a body that’s invulnerable to physical attacks, she also has the ability to use all sorts of special skills like Drain Touch. The queen of the undead, the lich, Wiz.
… When I really thought about their absolute power, I couldn’t help but release a long sigh.
It was a miracle that we were alive.
What should we do…? I thought that we’d be fine with such a sturdy fortress and Explosion Magic, but now I just want to pack my bags and run away.
It was then–
Just as we were starting to get cold feet, the guards on the fortress walls spotted us and a group of knights made their grand entrance.
“Adventurers, this is the fortress of the frontlines tasked with repelling the Demon King’s army, what brings you here?”
A knight cautiously approached us.
“We heard that the capital of the nation was under threat, so we came to support the fortress. We have a lot of top-tier jobs, so we thought we’d be useful here.”
“Top-tier jobs…? I see, then allow me to thank you for your help. However, first I’d like for you provide proper identification. We need your cooperation with this since there’s a Demon King’s army general hiding around here. So first is…”
Megumin took out her adventurer’s card and handed it to the knight.
“… Megu-, Megumin-san, right?”
“Yes, that’s my name, you got a problem?”
“No, no! None at all! Please excuse my behavior, you can come in… And you’re… Yunyun-san?”
“Y-Yes… That’s my name… I’m Yunyun…”
“Hey, from the beginning, you seem to have some misgivings about our names. Let’s hear them, shall we?”
Megumin pointed her staff directly at the knight who frantically replied.
“No, there’s no problem, please excuse my behavior! Then next is… Satou Kazuma. Satou, Kazuma?”
The knight hurriedly returned the adventurer’s cards to Megumin and Yunyun and quickly revealed an expression of wonder.
Ah. Unlike the two people with weird names, the reason he reacted to my name was probably because I was famous.
After all, our group has had a lot of achievements–
“Satou Kazuma! Are you that dirty rascal, Satou Kazuma? You’re that person who planted devious ideologies in Iris-sama’s mind and gave Claire-sama and Rain-sama a lot of trouble. You’re the atrocity that was driven out of the castle–!”
“Hey, wait a moment.”
The knights here were still spreading this kind of lowlife gossip?
Well, they weren’t wrong. But still…
“I’m extremely sorry. Um, this is an important checkpoint for defending the nation from the Demon’s King army, so we can’t allow some nameless stranger to enter…”
“Didn’t you just describe me in detail?”
To think he’d treat me like some troublesome brat…
Then, the person that looked like their commander came forward.
“So you’re that dirty scum called Satou Kazuma, huh? You’re only a petty adventurer, so what kind of attitude do you think you’re showing? I have the authority to execute any suspicious people here, you know? You’re just a dirty lowlife adventurer, so get the hell out of here!”
To show his threat, the commander put his hand on his sword’s hilt.
Megumin angrily gripped her staff and Darkness walked to the front with an uncharacteristically sinister expression.
Seeing the two, the surrounding knights prepared to draw their swords.
“What do you think you adventurers are doing? You want to fight us, huh?”
Sigh, why were these fellows so impatient?
With the exception of Darkness, it seemed that the nobles of this world held very little value toward human lives and rights.
With a serious expression, I walked to the front of the group and pointed at Darkness who was about to say something.
“Know your place, do you not know who this esteemed lady is? She’s the daughter of the Dustiness family, Dustiness ford Lalatina-sama!”
“What?” x4
Hearing what I said, the knights hurriedly kneeled. Their faces were a shade of deathly white.
Surprised at the sudden turn of events, even Megumin and Yunyun kneeled with the knights.
“Why are you two kneeling as well?”
“Ah, my bad. It happened so suddenly that I was caught up in their pace…”
“I-I didn’t know that Darkness-san was a noble…”
The two of them stood up and patted the dirt off their knees. On the other hand, the captain replied to my declaration with a trembling voice:
“A-A-Are you really Lady Dustiness…? Um, please forgive me for my insolence and my failure to recognize your greatness…! … Ah, then please allow us to confirm your identity… It’s not that I suspect you, just that this is part of the job…”
Without another word, Darkness pulled out her necklace that was evidence of her heritage along with her adventurer’s card.
Seeing the two items, the commander’s eyes widened like never before and his face became devoid of color.
“P-P-Please excuse my insolence! Not only did I fail to recognize Lady Dustiness, but I even showed such disgraceful etiquette toward these esteemed man and ladies!”
“Humph, that’s barely enough of an apology! Ah! When I think about how I was about to be viciously slashed, I can’t help but feel shaken and hurt to my core. That was an incident that’ll forever be a mental scar.”
Sniff. Sniff.
“AUGH! When I think about what just happened, my heart feels as if it’ll explode…!”
Facing the commander that was putting his full effort into apologizing, I intentionally pressed on my chest.
It seemed that Megumin had caught on as well–
“That won’t do! Ah, what kind of attitude was that? To think you would show such disgraceful behavior toward the followers of Lalatina ojou-sama!”
As Megumin said that, she let out her anger by poking the end of her staff at the commander’s face.
“Hurry up and apologize! Toward us who you were planning to attack a second ago, please say ‘I’m very sorry!’!”
As Megumin poked his face, Aqua–who’d been uninvolved until just now–began to restlessly shake the commander’s shoulders. Although the commander seemed to be at his wit’s end, he closed his eyes as if to declare his intention to surrender. All he could do was lower his head toward Darkness.
“S-Sorry, I’m very sorry. For such insolence toward Lady Dustiness and her subordinates, the punishment should be suicide by sword… But, um…”
As if I was his trusted companion, I put my hand on the choking commander’s shoulder.
“No no, we won’t ask for so much, after all, you were just doing your jobs. Anyhow, we’re tired after a long day’s trek, so we won’t ask too much of you. That said, could you prepare an accommodation that we can use during our time here?”
“Of course! We’ll provide Lady Dustiness and her followers the best rooms available here!”
Darkness could only wordlessly lower her head toward the captain who remained in his bowing position.
After everyone was assigned a room, I put my luggage into my quarters and started exploring the interior of the fort with Aqua to kill time.
The adventurers we passed by looked anxious. The battle didn’t seem to be going well.
A tense atmosphere loomed over the fort.
Out of curiosity, Aqua and I began meddling with the things inside the room labelled ‘Control Room’.
“Hey Kazuma. There are mysterious buttons and control sticks everywhere, it’s like they want me to press them.”
“They definitely want you to press them. Or rather, it would be strange for you not to press them when they are right beside your hand.”
“Did you people barge in here to mess around!? This is the control stick for the drawbridge, main gate, and traps, you absolutely cannot press them! You hear that? Absolutely not!”
After hearing the soldiers say things that a comedian would say, Aqua reacted as I expected.
“Since you said this much, it would be a shame if I don’t press them. First will be the button inside that glass cover…”
“That is the self-destruct button for when we need to abandon the fort, please don’t press it! Don’t press… Didn’t I tell you no?! Get out!”
We were chased out by the soldier who suddenly flipped out, and stood outside the room for a moment.
“We got chased out again. The people here are all very high strung.”
“It’s a fort at the frontlines, everyone is really tense.”
We fiddle with everything in the rooms we visit, and after being chased out of them, we finally ran out of places to go.
“It can’t be help. I think there is a free cookhouse, let’s freeload over there.”
“That sounds great, should I bring the wine in my luggage over?”
I was wondering why her pack was bulging so much, so she even brought wine with her.
At this moment —
“Aqua-sama!? Aren’t you Aqua-sama!?”
A familiar voice came from the other end of the corridor.
And the familiar looking man…
“Isn’t that Katsuragi? It’s been a while.”
“It’s Mitsurugi! Did you say it wrong on purpose!? Remember my name properly!”
It was the Sword Master who uses a magic sword, Mitsurugi.
“Aqua-sama, long time no see! You look well and energetic…”
“Yes, I’m always full of life. Magic sword guy, are you doing well? By the way, where are the two harem girls that follow you around?”
“Harem girls!? No, well, since the battle is going badly, it would be dangerous for them to stay here, so I had them retreat back to the capital… That’s right!”
Mitsurugi shifted his gaze from Aqua to me.
“Satou, why did you bring Aqua-sama to such a dangerous place? Do you know where this place is!?”
“I know. This is the foremost frontline in the war against the Demon King Army. The Demon King’s general will attack this place periodically, right?”
Mitsurugi showed an expression that says ‘why are you here if you know that’.
“We are here to help you hardworking people. The opponent proclaimed to be an evil god, right? Then it is time for me, a goddess, to do my part.”
Aqua did say that she couldn’t forgive the person who proclaimed to be an evil god without her permission, and said that reason naturally now.
“Aqua-sama wants to fight that woman!? T-This is… It’s true that Aqua-sama might be able to contend with her, but that woman is dangerous. She almost took down the fort by herself.”
Mitsurugi was worried about Aqua.
“The Demon King general is a woman, huh… even though the opponent proclaimed to be an evil god, there are several Japanese with cheat abilities here, right? And you, the magic sword user who lost to me but is more powerful than most people is here. Although you did lose to me, the enemy is but one person, so why are you all having a hard time?”
“Stop nagging about me losing, you’re the one who refused my rematch… Forget it, there’s a reason why we’re being pushed to the brink. Didn’t you see that?”
… That?
Aqua and I looked baffled.
“From your face, you probably didn’t. You’re free, right? Let me show you something nice.”
Mitsurugi started leading the way after saying that.
—— Mitsurugi led us out of the fort, and we saw that scene.
It was a portion of the outer wall that bore the fate of the fort.
One side of the tough outer walls was on the verge of collapse after repeated assault.
“Hey, could that be…”
And I was familiar with the traces of the powerful impact that covered it.
That’s normal since I got to see such marks every day.
My title of Explosion Connoisseur given by Megumin was not just for show.
“Yes. The Demon King’s general, Wolbach, can use explosion magic.”
Seeing my dumbstruck visage, Mitsurugi could only smile wryly.
After Aqua and I parted with Mitsurugi, I gathered everyone into a room.
“Alright. Let’s start deciding our future plans.”
I swivelled my head and looked at all of them, as I spoke while sitting on the bed.
“What future plans? I just met the commander of this fort and told him we have experience in defeating a number of Demon King generals, so he relinquished his command authority to us.”
After knowing that Darkness had stirred up more trouble when I wasn’t paying attention, I felt the urge to grab my head and scream.
To be frank, it was too much for us this time.
My original plan was to protect ourselves with the fort, and when the enemy showed up to do something, we’d launch a preemptive attack with explosion, the offensive spell with the longest range.
It doesn’t matter if the opponent is a spirit, god, or devil. Explosion can kill anything in this world.
Going by my original plan, this could defeat most of the enemy. But if the enemy could use the same spell, we will lose the advantage of spell attack range.
“No, actually, that general named Wolbach can use explosion magic.”
“!?”
When she heard what I said, Megumin kicked her chair back and stood up.
She reacted to the term ‘explosion magic’.
“Explosion!? T-This is beyond my expectations… Thanks to Megumin, I know the might of this spell very well. To be honest, I don’t know how to defend against it…”
Yunyun apologetically lowered her head.
“It’s fine, leave it to me! I took the full brunt of an explosion before! I will be the bait. When the enemy shows an opening after casting her spell, use the chance to overwhelm her.”
“You don’t have your armour right now. Even with Aqua’s buffing spell, there’s no guarantee that you will be safe.”
Darkness’ armour was broken in the fight with the bone dragon earlier. She slouched her shoulders unhappily.
Aqua nodded in agreement.
“That’s how it is. Even though we made a trip here, I think we should let that person proclaiming to be an evil god off. I am not being lenient, just that I have never heard about a minor evil god named Wolbach before; she is rather pitiful, right?”
The self proclaimed goddess was the first to back off when she learned that our adversary knows explosion magic.
At this moment, Megumin, who was standing still, flicked her cape.
“I am Megumin! The number one mage in Axel, the one who pursues the ultimate explosion spell! The Demon King general who claims to be an evil god and is a user of explosion magic…!? That’s the worthy rival I’ve been looking for!”
“Huh!?”
For some reason, Yunyun was surprised by Megumin’s announcement.
“What do you mean by ‘huh’, only a user of explosion magic is worthy of being my rival. It would be just what I wished for if I die from her explosion magic! Yes, I would have no regrets if I go out in such a grand way!!”
When she heard Megumin’s incorrigible words, Yunyun pestered her with tears in her eyes.
“What nonsense are you saying!? Aren’t I Megumin’s rival!? Why did you promote a Demon King general you’ve never met before to a rival so easily!?”
“W-Why are you suddenly freaking out!? What a troublesome child, if you want me to acknowledge you as my true rival, then learn explosion magic. I will then take you along for my stroll every day.”
“I don’t want to learn explosion magic, and I’m fine even if you go on that kind of stroll without me! Our opponent this time can use explosion! Such an opponent…”
“How dare you say you don’t want to learn explosion!? Alright, I will treat this as a challenge against me and accept it! It’s been awhile since our last duel. If you lose, you will save your skill points until you can learn explosion!”
“I-I don’t want such a duel! A duel that will decide the course of my life, I will never… Wait, Megumin, your eyes are turning red! Are you serious!? Hey, are you really serious!?”
I ignored the squabbling couple and continued stating our plan from now on.
“Megumin did say some foolish things, but the enemy this time is still too dangerous. We might get wiped out with just one shot. If we get blasted to dust, Aqua’s resurrection magic won’t work. So let’s withdraw…”
“What the hell are you saying!? How can I run before such an opponent!? This is my destined rival, yes, there is no doubt about it!”
Megumin, who was burning up, put one leg onto the chair, her red eyes gleaming.
“The one who is targeting my familiar Chomusuke is the user of explosion magic, the Demon King general proclaiming to be an evil god! There is no other way but for me to defeat Wolbach, and take over her title of general and evil god!”
“What are you going on about… The risk is too high this time. We would be at a disadvantage if this turns into a gamble where the first one to attack wins.”
“There is no disadvantage at all. The spell I like is explosion magic. My hobby is explosion magic. If you talk about me, it’s explosion magic. That’s right, I am the explosion magic user from Axel. Ever since I learned this spell, I have been using it every day without fail. Be it speed, accuracy, or destructive power, I am confident that no one in this world is better at explosion magic than me!”
After Megumin said all that, she confidently breathed out.
“Didn’t you lose to Wiz when we fought the Destroyer?”
“That’s history now. Since I’ve leveled up, I learned all sorts of skills related to increasing the power of explosion magic. Wiz and I compared the power of our explosion spells some time ago and won. I am the number one in Axel right now.”
She even did all that while I wasn’t paying attention.
“It will be fine. When I couldn’t sleep at night, I will chant explosion magic until I doze off. No matter who my opponent is, I will finish my incantation before them!”
“What the hell!? You did something so dangerous!?”
As I was about to lecture Megumin.
The entire fort shook with a deafening boom.
The ceiling of the room began to crumble, and everyone – except for Megumin – braced themselves.
I listened to Megumin’s explosion every day, so it was impossible for me to mistake that sound.
What shook the fort just now was definitely explosion magic.
Amidst the alarm that rang through the entire fort, Megumin muttered to herself with a troubled expression.
“Ugh, that tremor is quite powerful. Adding the mana wavelength that was released before the spell was cast, this is definitely a well executed explosion. This spell wasn’t learnt to show off or during a moment of stupidity.”
“Why are you giving an evaluation?”
But as an explosion connoisseur, I could tell the quality of this spell was high.
If I was to judge it, I would give it more than 90 points.
“Anyway, hurry up Megumin. Now is the chance to defeat the attacking Demon King general!”
“Huh? W-What’s with you Kazuma? Your attitude flipped 180 degrees.”
I slapped on my chest plate and armour, then stood up with my weapon in hand.
I then said to the others who were shocked by my actions ——
“Since she cast explosion just now, it means she won’t be able to cast explosion again today.”
“Ah!” x3
Even if the enemy was a general, it was still impossible to cast explosion twice in a day.
After all, even Wiz, who was also a Demon King general, would exhaust most of her mana after firing one explosion.
Since the opponent’s mana was used up, we didn’t need to worry if we appeared before the enemy.
I dashed out of the room, confirmed that the others were following, then headed to the damaged outer wall shown to me by Mitsurugi.
When we reached the scene panting,
“How terrible.”
After taking a shot of explosion on top of the previous damaged cracks, a part of the outer wall had been reduced to a pile of rubble. Along with that, a huge crater has been blasted into the ground.
There were other adventurers and knights who rushed here just like I did.
I found a familiar face and approached him.
“Hey, where did the Demon King general go? Wouldn’t it be easy to defeat her since she’s out of mana?”
I asked Mitsurugi, who was staring blankly at the site of destruction.
And the answer was ——
“Wolbach is long gone… This is the reason why we are having so much trouble. The evil god Wolbach will show up suddenly, cast explosion from afar, then retreat via teleport before we can get near her.”
Mitsurugi continued——
“The elites of the Demon King Army are standing by in the forest near the fort. She probably escaped there, and will return after recovering her mana. Not only do they have great numbers, the forest is the home ground of the monsters. With the opponent having the advantage of terrain, we will definitely lose if we fight outside the walls of the fort. But if we keep on defending the fort, once the outer wall is completely destroyed, the elites that had been standing by will use the chance to launch an attack.”
The situation just now had probably happened many times. The people nearby all weakly lowered their heads.
If we go after the general who cast her explosion, we will be hampered by their elite forces. If we wait inside the fort for them to attack, we would be blasted by explosion magic.
Laying siege to the fort, then forcing the people out with explosion magic. This was just a brute force attack, but it was super effective.
After Mitsurugi finished.
“We can only do something if either Wolbach or the Demon King Army elites are gone…”
He gripped the hilt of his magic sword and closed his eyes with frustration ——
“—— Okay, let’s escape.”
“It’s decided then. I will make a bed for Emperor Zell after going back to Axel. One that is more comfortable than that evil husk, a high quality bed Emperor Zell would be happy with. It’s fine, the likes of Demon King generals will be killed in an instant after Emperor Zell grows up.”
After returning to my room, Aqua and I made preparations to go home.
Darkness said frantically after seeing that.
“W-Wait Kazuma, I have been forced to take command of this fort. If I say ‘I’m quitting and going home’, it would be a little…”
“Why did you take on such a troublesome job in the first place!?”
“It’s your fault for using my name to intimidate them!”
As I was squabbling with Darkness.
“Hmm? Where did Yunyun go? Wasn’t she with us just now?”
“If you are looking for Yunyun, she is using magic to help with the repairs of the outer walls.”
“I see, as expected of a capable Crimson Demon. I will check if anybody is hurt.”
“Do tell me who the ‘incapable’ Crimson Demon is.”
Aqua said something befitting her role as a priest on this rare occasion and ran away from Megumin, whose eyes were glowing.
Darkness nodded as she watched this scene.
“Aqua and Yunyun are helping in their own way. Amazing, as expected of veteran adventurers. Hey Kazuma, we are already veteran adventurers, right?”
Darkness, whose eyes were sparkling from excitement in such an emergency, irked me.
Seemed like she admired heroes and the like.
It would be impossible for her to abandon the fort when it’s going through such a crisis.
As I was wondering how to convince the hard headed Darkness, Megumin, who was beside her, showed an apologetic face.
“Hey Kazuma… I know this is dangerous, but can you give me a chance? Everyone can just wait in the fort. I will wait for Wolbach who might show up anytime, and throw an explosion into her face once she appears.”
It was rare seeing her lower her head with a complicated expression.
… Really, all of them were trouble.
“… I have Enemy Detection, Farsight and Lurk skills, so the chance of our ambush working will increase if I go with you. I will just accompany you, but it will be up to you when the enemy shows up.”
Megumin’s eyes widened when she heard what I said, and then her mouth slowly curled into a smile.
“Leave it to me!”
Megumin, who was all smiles with her eyes glowing red, looked really reliable when she puffed her petite chest like that.
The next day.
Inside the vast forest beside the fort, I climbed onto a tree to surveil the area around the fort.
“The Demon King Army is already this close.”
A group that seemed to belong to the Demon King Army was setting up formation in the forest a few kilometers away from the fort.
I couldn’t make out what type of monsters were there, but there were tons of them.
If they assault the fort after the outer walls and traps were gone, it would only be a matter of time before the fort falls.
I got down from the tree and relayed the situation to Megumin and the others.
“According to the people in the fort, Wolbach comes alone when she uses explosion magic. I came up with a plan around this point.”
I looked around at everyone here and continued:
“First, we will use my Lurk skill to sneak into the vicinity. Megumin will cast her spell before they notice us. If the other party detects us, Yunyun will use refraction magic to conceal Megumin, and Aqua will cast support spells to buff Darkness, who will then rush forth to get their attention. Aqua and I will cover Darkness and create an opening. When Megumin feels that the time is right, you can fire your spell at the enemy… Does everyone understand?”
I confirmed the plan with everyone again, and saw that they were all hyped up…
“Kazuma Kazuma, I think someone needs to protect this little one. How can we expose such a small and cute creature to danger… Hey, that hurts. You’re fine with everyone else, so why do you keep scratching me?”
Aqua frowned in pain when she tried to pick up Chomusuke.
The furball who was usually docile has been excited since early this morning, and kept following us.
It would be dangerous for it to come with us, so I left it in the room, but it kept following.
After handing the especially energetic Chomusuke to Yunyun, I said to Aqua and Darkness:
“Alright, we’re all set. We just need to wait for that bitch Wolbach to come.”
“Hey Kazuma, my legs are wobbly.”
“Weren’t you bragging before we set off?”
—— Just how long did we hide in the forest?
In the forest, near our hiding spot, the general of the Demon King Army I had been hearing about appeared.
She wore a large hat and a plain robe to cover her body, and headed for the fort at a leisurely pace.
Even though she tried to obscure her body shape, I was certain she was a woman.
She was relaxed in her movement because she could cast explosion from a long distance away. Even if our side tried to intercept her, she could make the first strike at any moment.
And after casting her spell, she just needed to escape with teleport.
“What an annoying tactic. Can’t she just face us in a proper fight?”
“If that general heard what you said, she will definitely say ‘I don’t want to hear that from you’.”
Darkness made a proper retort after hearing my complaint.
While Darkness was receiving buffs from Aqua, the robed woman stopped in her tracks.
The fort was probably right at the edge of her range, and she stood some distance away from us.
“Hey Megumin, start quietly chanting your spell now. There is no need to talk to the enemy, just finish this with a pre-emptive strike.”
“You just talked about a proper fight a moment ago. What a sly tactic… but never mind, I will listen to you this time. I have to try to avoid letting Darkness tank an explosion spell.”
Darkness looked really excited as if she was thinking ‘I might be taking a really big hit later.’ I felt concerned for her, but we should finish this quickly and go back.
At this moment.
The robed woman seemed to notice something and looked straight in our direction.
Did she see through my Lurk skill?
She was still for a moment, then started walking this way…
“She found us! Megumin, chant your spell openly! Shoot it in her face before she can cast hers!”
“Leave it to me, Kazuma!”
Megumin started her incantation.
“Hya, what’s wrong Chomusuke!? Why are you writhing about all of a sudden!?”
Chomusuke, who was in Yunyun’s arms, was struggling mightily to jump out.
I don’t know why the furball was acting up, but I don’t have time to care.
Before Megumin finishes her incantation, we have to draw the enemy’s attention!
“Darkness, Aqua! Stall for time!”
I shouted to the two of them as I leaped out of the woods.
The Demon King general, who was tilting her head in confusion as she approached us, stopped in surprise when she saw me suddenly appear.
“Hey Kazuma, I should stay behind in case of an emergency. After all, no one can revive the party if anything happens to me! You hear me!?”
“Stop blabbering and follow me! I will be blown to smithereens if I get hit by explosion anyway. This wasn’t part of my plans, but the only one who can rival a self-proclaimed evil god would be you!”
I dragged Aqua who wanted to run away along, and faced down the Demon King general.
Darkness caught up after a moment and stood in front of us.
… I thought the robed woman would attack immediately, but she stood in place with a shocked face.
“… What’s the matter? You looked surprised to see us. Are you feeling afraid after seeing me, who is famous in the Demon King Army?”
“Maybe she is surprised after seeing your weird and funny face.”
I was thinking how to punish Aqua who rained on my parade when the robed woman took her hat off and revealed her face.
—— Under that hat was that Onee-san with short red hair and cat-like yellow eyes.
That’s right, the Onee-san who bathed with me a few times.
At the same time, Yunyun’s surprised gasp came from behind.
“… What are you doing here?”
“That should be my line. Aren’t you that Onee-san who likes to bathe?”
To be honest, I already had a faint suspicion.
I already knew that she was related to the Demon King Army.
Back in Alcanretia, she didn’t use honorifics when speaking with the general Hans. I think Hans called this Onee-san by name, but it was quite some time, so I couldn’t quite recall.
Now that I think about it, I never tried to find out who she was because I don’t want to be an enemy with the Onee-san I bathed with. She was someone that doesn’t feel like a stranger.
The onee-san… No, the Demon King general said:
“By the way, I haven’t introduced myself. My name is Wolbach, one of the generals of the Demon King Army. The patron goddess of sloth and violence, Wolbach.”
She made an intimidating announcement as her cat-like pupils narrowed.
… What a pain. Do I really have to fight her?
“… Well, I actually didn’t know that Onee-san is related to the Demon King Army. But I have something to ask you. You don’t look like a bad person to me. Why did you become a Demon King general?”
It was simply a curious question of mine.
“Why, you say? According to tradition, this should be my reply, right?”
She showed a sinister smile.
“—— If you want to know, you will have to defeat me.”
She then revealed a lonely and empty smile.
Damn it, so we still needed to fight?
I felt a dull pain in my chest when I saw her smile. As I was thinking about how I could avoid this battle…
“—— Hey, even though you said such deep words and built a mysterious atmosphere, I still have to cut you off here. I could sense some godly aura from you, but the patron goddess of sloth and violence? If you’re not honest, I will sue you for bending the truth. Just say that you are an evil god.”
In a blink of an eye.
Aqua, who was acting all cowardly just now, suddenly destroyed the solemn atmosphere.
Wolbach seemed troubled after someone she met for the first time said something so mean.
Did Aqua say Wolbach had some godly aura?
So she wasn’t just making baseless claims, but was a real evil god?
“I might govern sloth and violence, emotions with unfavourable impressions, but I’m still a proper goddess. I’m not exaggerating.”
“You’re lying! Hey Kazuma, this woman is talking nonsense! The goddesses that are officially recognized in this world are just Eris and me! Apologize! Proclaiming to be a goddess and sullying the name of pure, beautiful, and respectful real goddesses; apologize for doing that!”
I always called Aqua a self-proclaimed goddess, but she was using this chance to make a scene.
Wolbach, who was just troubled in the beginning, raised her eyebrows in anger after hearing that.
“Hey, what are you saying all of a sudden!? I am a proper goddess, it’s just that after I joined the Demon King Army, the crazy Axis cultists called me an evil god on their own, so I had no choice but to roll with it! And I don’t need a priest I never met before to lecture me on that!”
“You say my devotees are crazy!? How dare you treat the world renowned Axis Cult like idiots; are you really a god? Do you have any believers? Puhehe, I have never heard of a minor god called Wolbach!”
Wolbach started trembling because of Aqua’s mocking.
“H-How dare a mortal insult a god! Don’t think you can get away with this! A priest like you should treat other gods with respect!”
Aqua flicked her hair as she looked at the agitated Wolbach.
“Mortal? You say I’m a mortal? I’m calling you out on proclaiming to be a goddess because your eyes are blind!”
I felt like saying ‘You bought a chicken egg in place of a dragon egg, aren’t you the blind one’.
Aqua puffed her chest out as if she wanted to show off her hagoromo.
In a more forceful manner than she usually was, Aqua stated her name to Wolbach.
“I am Aqua. That’s right, the goddess of water worshipped by the Axis cult! A mere minor god that I have never heard of before dares to lecture me? Know your place!”
“Huh!?”
Wolbach was dumbfounded, and stared at the arrogant Aqua.
“… You will receive divine retribution if you impersonate a goddess, you know?”
“Apologize! Apologize for that right now!”
The goddess Aqua who wasn’t even acknowledged by an evil god angrily stomped forth and grabbed Wolbach’s robe.
“Hey, stop that, you impudent fool, I will give you divine punishment! I will make you roll around tiredly in bed on your precious day off and waste your vacation!”
“Try it if you dare! I will curse your toilet to not flush even though there is someone waiting for you outside!”
“Goddesses don’t use the bathroom, so that won’t scare me!”
“I live every day like a holiday, so I’m not afraid of you!”
What should I do?
The two of them were goddesses, right? But they were fighting so childishly even though they’ve just met.
I thought goddesses were a greater and more respectable existence.
“Hey Kazuma, can we leave them alone?”
“I’m of the same mind, but the opponent is still a general, so we can’t ignore them…”
As I was whispering to Darkness, Aqua, who was being grabbed, couldn’t stand it anymore and reached for the heavens.
A fog appeared on her beckoning, and they slowly turned into orbs of water.
… That idiot, she forgot her objective was to taunt and stall the enemy!
And what was Megumin doing, she should be done by now!
“Seems like I have to let you have a taste of the prowess of a water goddess when she gets serious! How dare an evil god like you act so haughtily! You don’t even have devotees who are pure, just, and free like mine!”
“A, a retard like you is really the goddess of water? But it’s your problematic believers’ fault that I am called an evil god! I have believers in the Demon King Army too!! And you are just a super minor god compared to Goddess Eris anyway!!”
……
“Sacred Create Water!”
“Tel, Teleport!!”
Aqua, who had flipped out, cast her spell and summoned a huge amount of water —— !
The next day; After Aqua had caused trouble in our encounter with Wolbach—
“There’ll be no problems this time. Please let me do it!”
Megumin – who had hesitated to attack Wolbach yesterday – rushed into my room.
“Will you really be fine? What was up with you yesterday…? Was it because the enemy looked like a human? I mean, I understand how you feel. I can’t attack such a beautiful onee-san without hesitation either…”
Megumin furiously shook her head.
“To me, it doesn’t matter if the enemy is a human or a child. As long as they provide a large amount of experience points, I will attack without remorse, but…um…”
Like yesterday, Megumin hesitated to speak her mind.
She had been a little strange ever since yesterday.
Well, to be fair, even Yunyun seemed troubled by yesterday’s event. Her usual excitement was nowhere to be seen, and she had holed herself up in her room ever since.
Before coming here, I had noticed that Megumin seemed to be particularly sensitive to the name ‘Wolbach’. Perhaps she had a secret she couldn’t tell me about…
“I don’t really know too much about your situation, but we can’t rely on an ambush anymore. Our target will be more cautious from now on, thanks to a certain idiot who dumped water on her. Anyway, even though the fortress walls weren’t struck by explosion magic, it still received damage.”
It was a mistake to make an ambush in the forest near the fortress.
Aqua’s flood of water dealt the final blow to the fortress, which was already on its last legs.
Although she was forced to repair the fortress walls against her will, that was still nothing compared to what she had done.
The worst part was that we let our enemy know that we had the goddess Aqua on our side.
Even though this piece of junk lived day-to-day eating and sleeping without a care in the world, even though she would happily play with children despite her age, even though she would still get lost in Axel despite having spent such a long time there, she was actually a goddess.
After yesterday’s incident, there was no doubt that the enemy would be cautious of an ambush.
“…Is that so…? Well, if there’s anything you need help with, please feel free to call me. Even though I say that, my only strength is explosion magic…”
Megumin showed a wry smile.
“We still need to make a plan with everyone, so just take it easy-”
And go eat something…
Just as I was about to say this—
At the beckon of a familiar roar, the fortress began to shake violently.
—Megumin and I rushed to the scene.
When we arrived, the others were already inspecting the situation.
As we arrived—
“We need some help here! Go call someone who knows earth magic or golem summoning magic! We need to reinforce the walls before they collapse!”
The knights and adventurers were hurriedly moving to repair the crumbling wall.
I tried to look for Wolbach—
“There’s not even a trace of her here… She probably used teleport again to escape and buy herself time to recover her magic power.”
Megumin said as she looked for Wolbach with me.
Using explosion magic and then teleporting away—
It was a simple, but extremely effective strategy.
—It was something that we couldn’t allow to continue.
I moved towards the fortress wall, and planned to use ‘Create Earth’ to create some materials that could be used to repair the castle wall. I should contribute at least this much…
“—Ah! Hey, what happened here!? Why does the wall look worse than before!?”
A familiar voice came from beside us.
“…What’s with this costume, Aqua?”
Aqua – who was dressed in construction worker clothes – reminded me of the time when we had first arrived in Axel. Her head was wrapped in a bandana.
“What do you mean by ‘What’s with this costume’? Kazuma told me to participate in the fortress repairs, so I went to prepare…But then what happened here!? Who did such a terrible thing to our work!?”
“It was that evil god from yesterday. Didn’t I already tell you that she was the one destroying the fortress walls? Well, since you’ve already spent the effort to dress up, hurry up and go help everyone with the repairs over there.”
As I said that, I casted ‘Create Earth’ on a damaged portion of the castle wall.
…This work will continue for a while…
The adventurers and soldiers looked absolutely uninspired.
They gathered the rubble, and tried to fit it into the holes of the wall—
“Wait a second! You can’t do it like that! When constructing a wall, you need to first consolidate the foundation and then create an embankment around it. After that, use the plaster to reinforce the connections. So first, do it like this, and then this. Finally, it should be like this!”
Aqua’s excited voice came from behind me.
She must’ve been reminded of the time when we were constructing the outer wall of Axel.
Well, despite how she looked, she seemed to like manual labor.
As I was thinking about such pointless things, a commotion seemed to have began where Aqua was.
As I turned to look behind me, Megumin was stacking the dirt up, and Aqua worked on the cracks of the wall—
“How are you so fast!? And this quality…!? Hey, wait a sec!? What’s happening here!? Since when did you learn such high-level construction skills!?”
I exclaimed in surprise.
With a tone of ‘what are you saying now?’, Aqua replied:
“Who do you think I am? When I told the construction boss ‘I have adventurer work to do, so I’m not going to work anymore,’ he went down on his hands and knees to beg me to give up working as an adventurer and become a full-time employee!”
For real? The construction boss never tried to stop me though…
Well, I don’t really care about that.
When I was working with her, I didn’t really pay attention to what she did, but from the perspective of a spectator, there was no doubt that her techniques were on the level of a pro.
For a while now, I’ve been wondering why she learned so many pointless skills, but on this rare occasion, her skills were actually useful.
Prior to this, the people of the fortress had a rather heavy mood; after all, the fortress was on the verge of collapsing due to Wolbach’s attacks.
That’s why we tried to ambush her…
However, the parts of the wall that were repaired by Aqua were even harder than before.
“Hey, aren’t your skills a bit too perfect? Do you have some wall-repairing cheat or something? Also, isn’t this drying too fast?”
“Who do you take Aqua, the goddess of water for? I can control the water inside this to make it dry quicker you know? Think back, when it’s my turn to wash the clothes, the clothes always dry really quickly right?”
From now on, I’ll leave all the chores to her.
Anyway—
“…This’ll work!”
As usual, the fortress began to shake with a violent roar.
To think that she would continue to diligently cast explosion…
I turned to face Aqua, who became idiotically excited at the sound, and said:
“Yo Repair Chief, it’s your time to shine.”
“Leave it to me! Everyone, follow me! Today I’ll let you witness the chief’s artistry!”
“Chief, we’ll leave it to you!”
“Repair Chief!”
“Repair Chief, I’ll be in your care!”
At my command, Aqua – accompanied by a group of adventurers and soldiers – pridefully walked to the scene.
Darkness – who had temporarily become the commander of the fortress – had given Aqua the amusing title of ‘Repair Chief’.
“Repair Chief. Your task today is very important. The fate of the fortress is in your hands… then, please go ahead.”
“I understand, commander! There’ll be no problem, I’m the chief after all. Since I am such an impressive chief, there’s no way I would lose to that petty evil god!”
“Chief!”
“As expected of the chief! Let’s go, the walls are waiting for us to repair it! Let’s see your magnificent performance today!”
The chief – who had been completely tricked by Darkness – cheerfully entered her stage.
—Three days after Aqua received the wageless and powerless title of ‘Repair Chief’.
Even though it was being attacked by explosion every day, the fortress walls were only becoming thicker and stronger with each passing day.
Why didn’t that idiot do this for a living?
The people whom had been forced to worked around the clock gradually regained their spirits. Aqua, on the other hand, seemed to gleefully enjoying being called ‘Chief’ by her now-subordinates. She even shared the wine she had brought with everyone. It wouldn’t be wrong to say that everyone was exploding with confidence.
“…Uhm, where did that heavy mood a while back go?”
“Mhm… I wasted a night thinking about that…”
The two Crimson Demons who saw Aqua off showed troubled expressions.
I understood how they felt, but now was the time for more reliable strategies.
Because we were able to drag this out, we were able to reinforce the fortress walls, and sent a mage with teleportation to report to the capital.
Since we had managed to turn the battle into a stalemate despite the limited resources, the higher-ups began to believe that if they invested more efforts into this battle, we would eventually be able to turn this around. As a result, they began to send more supplies, as well as reinforcements of adventurers and knights.
The chief who was dearly loved by her subordinates, who carried the fate of the fortress on her shoulders, did not seem to treat the daily explosions as anything special.
In the end, she not only repaired and expanded the walls, she even began to make some magnificent murals on them—
“Wolbach’s coming!”
In response to this different-from-usual announcement, Aqua and I turned to look at each other.
“—-What is this!?”
Wolbach uncontrollably trembled when she saw the main gate of the fortress.
“W-What do you mean by ‘what is this!?”
I fearfully asked under the gaze of the adventurers and soldiers.
As the person who was most familiar with Wolbach, and as someone who held a conversation with her in the past, I went to meet her.
She seemed to be displeased with my attitude, and furiously stamped her foot.
“I’m talking about the walls! It looked like it was on the verge of collapse a while ago, so how did it become like this!? Aren’t the walls thicker than last time!?”
“You’ll have to ask Aqua about that…”
“So it’s that woman’s fault—!”
Wolbach reacted intensely the moment I mentioned Aqua.
She probably held a grudge regarding their earlier encounter.
Then—
“Ah hah~, and here I thought someone important came…Hm? Isn’t this, um… Who is this person?”
“Wolbach! …It seems like it’s time for us to settle our differences… Um, eh?”
Wolbach prepared to confront Aqua, who had appeared behind me in a nonchalant manner. Then she—
Froze at the sight of Darkness’ group. Rather, it was more precise to say that Wolbach froze after seeing Megumin, who carried Chomusuke in her arms.
Wolbach stared at Chomusuke.
And Chomusuke stared back at her.
Seeing the evil god and the creature stare at one another, Aqua could no longer remain silent.
“Hey, stop, stop! Can you not look at our Chomusuke like that!? Even though you have a crude face, could it be… that you are the type to like cute dolls and stuff? That means your interests are a lot like Darkness’…”
“Hey, Aqua! I don’t like those kinds of dolls…! Why would some like me…!”
Aqua ignored Darkness, who began to furiously rebut her claims, and walked beside me. She stood in the way of Wolbach and Chomusuke’s seemingly intimate exchange.
“I’m not looking at it because it’s cute… but, well, it actually is quite cute…-?”
Wolbach suddenly stopped murmuring.
“Hey, you, what did you call that black cat?”
“Didn’t I just call it Chomusuke? Well, at first I thought the name was quite strange, but recently, I’ve began to think that it’s actually quite nice.”
“Hey, can you please not call its magnificent and powerful name strange?”
Hearing Aqua and Megumin’s short exchange, Wolbach—
“What the heck is this!?”
—shouted in disbelief, and slowly walked towards us.
However, she quickly stopped in her tracks.
Despite her emotional outburst, it seems that she was still aware of the adventurers standing behind us.
With a look of regret, she said:
“…Ah…uhm, if you don’t mind, I just want to say something. I think that that little one is a female… So I don’t think its name is very suitable…”
“Chomusuke is Chomusuke. It is my familiar and my pet.”
“Wh-What!? Hey, What did you say!? Why is my other half being treated so cruelly!?”
Wolbach suddenly spouted such outlandish things.
“…Hah, and here I was wondering why your divinity was so low. So it’s because our little one here has taken half of your power? …Hoho, with my peerless vision, I can see that some sort of seal has been placed on Chomusuke.
Said Aqua, who approached and examined Chomusuke.
In a way that seemed to be more than mere coincidence, Chomusuke began to struggle out of the hold of Megumin’s arms. It seems that it wanted to go to Wolbach.
“Ah…”
Seeking her other half, Wolbach extended her arm and began to slowly walk towards us.
“We can’t let her have it! Megumin, don’t let go of Chomusuke!”
“Wait a second! Hey, that little one is my other half you know!? This should be the time for an emotional reunion between long lost other halves!”
Wolbach protested with a teary face.
“I don’t know what you want with our Chomusuke, but can you promise to not oppose us? Can you promise to not attack the fortress again? If you can’t, then we can’t just give our enemy a power-up, you know?”
As I said this—
“Hey, don’t come any closer. I don’t really hate you, so I came to talk to you, but if you want me to let go of this little guy, then you’ll have to listen to what I say. Well, how about this, since you’re a god, why don’t you bet on your name that you won’t ever oppose us again?”
—I began to laugh in a villainous manner that made everyone here uncomfortable.
“Uwah…” x3
Even the hardened adventurers around me released some uneasy murmurs. In a way, it made me I feel like I was doing some unsightly things.
No, this is merely an act to prevent things from taking a turn for worse…!
Anyway, I don’t care what these adventurers think about me… As long as my companions take my side…
“Hey, is this guy an evil god as well? I mean, what kind of person can make an evil god cry?”
“Don’t say that Aqua. This guy is trying his best to associate with others in his own way. For his sake, you should say those things later.”
“Kazuma-san, that’s a bit bad…”
… I want to cry as well.
“…I’ll retreat for today, but don’t get so full of yourselves! Even if I can’t destroy the walls, the situation is merely a stalemate. As long as this fortress exists, my side has no way to advance to the capital. However, as long as we have control of the forest, you won’t be able to defeat us either.”
Wolbach continued.
“What’s next is a battle of attrition! Until the walls and those murals are thoroughly annihilated, I will continue to attack!”
Just as she was about to teleport away—
“U-, Uhm! Can I ask whether or not you still remember me!? My-, name is…Yunyun…”
Yunyun, who had been silently observing the situation alongside Megumin, suddenly said such odd things.
“…I remember you. That time on the carriage, I invited you to join me on my journey… By the way, your name isn’t a nickname either, right…?”
As I thought, she didn’t just know me, but she knew Yunyun as well.
“It’s my real name! Uhm… I remember that incident clearly as well! I even wrote it in my diary, and I would occasionally go back and read it.”
“I-Is that so…? To be honest you don’t have to take that incident to heart… but I guess it’s fine if you’re happy.”
Wolbach seemed to be at a loss for words.
“Uhm—!”
Megumin uttered nervously in quick succession, and tightened her hold on Chomusuke.
“Do you still remember me? My name is Megumin…”
Wolbach showed a wry smile.
“I don’t remember.
With a small voice, she activated her teleportation magic and disappeared without a trace.
—At the gathering grounds of the fortress.
The knights and adventurers gathered here had a festive mood.
Till now, they had been forced to fight on the defensive, and it had caused a mental and physical strain. However, now that the situation had been somewhat overturned, their mood had become bright, and their gazes were filled with anticipation for the fight to come.
Though the war had merely been pushed to a stalemate—
They were now looking at my each and every action with heavy expectations.
Showered in gazes, I shouted:
“Alright, we’ll now confirm our battle strategy! First, the three of us will use the ‘Lurk’ ability to approach the enemy’s camp. Once we get into magic firing range, we’ll fire explosion magic at their camp, and then teleport to retreat! The enemies will probably counterattack afterward, so I would like to ask for everyone’s help when they do!”
Hearing what I had to say, the adventurers released spirited cries.
As Wolbach said—
The battle was currently in a stalemate.
That said, there was no reason for us to not make a move.
The battle strategy this time was extremely simple, but equally effective.
After all, that was the same dastardly strategy that the enemy used.
“So it’s another sinister plan… Ah whatever, as long as the counterattack works, I won’t raise any complaints…”
Darkness, who was the only one present who could resist explosion magic, and Aqua, who had supreme healing power for both people and the fortress, would stay on standby.
From the looks of it, the people who had been forced to hole up in the fortress had lot of pent up frustration.
The adventurers and knights gave us – who planned to attack the enemy camp directly – their encouragement, and patted us on the back.
In charge of using teleportation magic, and our backup for special combat situations, Yunyun.
The field commander, and someone with the ‘Lurk’ and ‘Enemy Detection’ skills, me.
Finally, the main cannon who used explosion magic, Megumin.
The ones in charge of the counterattack operation were just the three of us.
—As everyone in the fortress saw us off, we began to infiltrate the forest near the fortress.
Monsters liked natural habitats such as forests, so there were a lot of enemy troops stationed in an orderly manner around the area. That way, they wouldn’t have a problem residing here for a long time.
However, the forest was also advantageous for us.
Due to the large amount of flora obstructing vision, it was the perfect location to display the maximum potential of the ‘Lurk’ skill.
Once we get close enough, we’ll be able to detect the enemy movements to some extent.
Perhaps under the impression that Wolbach’s explosion magic was on the verge of annihilating the fortress, the enemies seemed like they were here for a picnic rather than a war.
I pulled my clothes down, and glanced to the side. Megumin nodded her head in confirmation.
This was the signal that the enemies were in range of explosion magic.
I turned to glance at Yunyun, and she tightened the grip on her wand.
—Alright, let’s begin our counterattack!
As Wolbach had come day and night to fire explosion magic at the fortress, our enemies felt like victory was already in their grasp. However—
“‘Explosion’—-!”
The sure-kill magic was fired at the center of the Demon King’s army encampment.
Since they had been so assured of an easy win, the Demon King’s army that held banquets day in and day out fell into a state of disarray.
The monsters near the center of the encampment were sent flying, and all that remained was a massive crater.
“W-…What, What is this———!?”
“W-What was that!? Explosion magic—!?”
“It’s the enemy, it’s an enemy ambush—!”
The monsters with higher intelligence quickly became cautious of their surroundings.
“Ah! Look over there, those people—! It’s two Crimson Demons and…”
“‘Teleport’—!’”
By the time they discovered us, Yunyun had already activated the teleportation magic.
“—It’s a big success!”
Returning to the fortress with teleportation magic, we reported our great results.
The suppressed anxiety and frustrations of the knights and adventurers were released in the form of cheers.
Shouts of ‘Just like they deserved!’ and ‘I could see it all the way from the watchtower!’ could be heard, and everyone was in an ecstatic mood.
Then—
“The enemy has begun to move—!”
The adventurers in charge of scouting hurriedly returned, and pointed in the direction of the forest.
Everyone assembled in the formation that we had discussed beforehand, and prepared to confront the Demon King army.
The Demon King’s forces were probably furious after our ambush.
Their gazes were filled with killing intent, and they seemed to have rushed here without even bothering to get into a formation.
Once we completed our job, the adventurers and knights would take it from there.
It would be troublesome to attack the enemy with our disadvantage in numbers, but it was a different story altogether if we were defending.
In a chaotic battlefield, there was no place for me to display my abilities.
“My adventurer brethren! We’ll leave the rest in your hands!”
Hearing my shout, the adventurers gave a cry that overcame the intensity of the Demon King army’s killing intent.
—After that.
“‘Explosion’—!”
“Ahhhhhhhh!”
“It’s those guys again! Don’t let them get away this time. Get them!!”
“You dare kill my comrades! Don’t think I’ll let you live! Surround them! Surround them!”
A variety of ghouls and demons whom were the elites of the Demon King’s army released angry howls.
“‘Teleport’—!”
—We continued to attack everyday at various times.
“‘Explosion’—!”
“The food! The food storage has been blown apart!”
“Damnit, they’ve come again! Can they at least not come at the break of dawn!?”
“Hurry up and call Wolbach-sama. Tell her to blow those imbeciles away!”
“Wolbach-sama just used explosion magic as well!”
“Just endure it! If we wait a little longer, their fortress walls will fall! When that happens, we can get rid of these pests in one fell swoop!”
“I won’t let them go today! Don’t let them use—“
“‘Teleport’—!”
—Each and every day, we would fire explosion magic as if it was a chore.
“Wahahahahaha! My name is Megumin, the number one mage of Axel! Come, you shall all become my experience points today!”
“They’ve appeared—!”
“Run, hurry up and get outta here—!!”
“Idiot, don’t group up! That fanatic Crimson Demon will fire at places with lots of people! Go over there!”
“No, Not there! We need to split further apart if we don’t want to get hit by—!”
“‘Explosion’—!”
—As her level soared to the skies, her magic power and explosion’s destructive force grew with no end in sight. She was on the verge of being taken by the pleasure and adrenaline of her explosion magic. Heck, she’s even already at the stage where she’s begun to laugh wildly before casting explosion.
“Wahahahahaha! WAHAHAHAHAHA! I have come again today!”
“We understand! We understand! We surrender! We surrender already! Here, do you want some candy!?”
“I still have a mother to take care of back at home, so please—!”
“Don’t you think that the Crimson Demons and Demons have quite similar names? Hey, I’m sure we’ll make great friends!”
“Let’s talk this out, alright!? I’m sure we’ll come to a peaceful understanding! War is for idiots, after all!”
“Look, we’ve already dropped our weapons, you see!? The great and elegant Crimson Demons wouldn’t attack defenseless people r—“
“‘Explosion’—!”
—Once the enemy spotted us.
“Megumin, over there! Those people look like they’re running in different directions, but they’re actually gathering up!”
“I understand! Don’t think you guys’ll get away!”
“Wahhhhhhahhhhhh. God, please save me!! Wolbach-sama please—!!!”
“If I can choose my life and start over, I don’t want to be a demon! I want to be a cat… I want to be fed by a beautiful lady owner everyday… I want to be embraced by her…”
“This is just a dream. That’s right, when I wake up, my mother who had gone out for a walk will come back with a wild boar to make steak…””
“I-, I-, I-, I’m someone who is a candidate for a Demon King general! If you let me live, I’m sure Demon King-sama will pay a great ransom for me…!”
“‘Explosion’—!”
—They begin to frantically hide and run away.
“I won’t let you get away! Why would I let you escape…Ah! Wait!”
“…Alright that’s enough. Let’s call it a day for now.”
I’ve lost count of how many days it’s been since we started attacking the Demon King army.
When we first started, they would diligently counterattack whenever we ambushed with explosion magic. Now, their morale seemed to be utterly crushed. It appeared that they would pack up their bags and run back to the Demon King’s territory anytime now…
“I can’t tell which side is the Demon King’s army anymore…”
Yunyun, who had accompanied us this whole time, uttered fearfully.
Recently, whenever the enemies saw Megumin, they would kneel on the ground. Others would lie on the ground and pray. Overall, they had given up on trying to run away.
I felt like there wouldn’t be a problem if they deserted the army, but it seems that the Demon King army’s hierarchy was rather oppressive, and that there was no way the troops could disobey their superior’s orders.
“Ah, this is worrisome. I wouldn’t be able to level efficiently anymore…”
“I’m just gonna remind you, but we didn’t come here to farm experience points, alright?”
The spirits in their eyes had completely faded. It was probably time to stop.
Heck, even I started to feel bad about this.
The elites of the Demon King’s army had already lost over half their troops to our daily explosion magic.
Under Aqua’s command, the walls of the fortress were repaired to the extent that they were decorated with ornaments. All said and done, the walls were sturdier than when we arrived.
To be honest, I feel like she would be better off being an artisan or a craftsman. At the very least, it was far more beneficial to society than if she were to be an archpriest.
Anyhow, this should be enough.
“Then Yunyun, let’s retreat for today. Even though it’s a shame I can’t fire explosion magic now, we can come again at night when those guys are starting to feel secure. Well then, please prepare the teleportation magic.”
Megumin said as she rested her staff on her shoulder.
It was then—
“I’ve been looking for you guys for a long time. It seems we finally meet.”
Wolbach, who seemed to have given up on attacking entirely, appeared. Her expression was heavy and pained.
We’re in trouble.
To think that this kind of situation would occur here…
“It seems that that person isn’t here today.”
Wolbach looked towards our group and began to chuckle.
She was probably talking about that idling goddess.
It seems that this evil god was still cautious of that person who wasn’t useful for normal situations.
Wolbach gazed at Megumin and I.
“You guys went a bit overboard here… To be honest, I don’t want to fight anyone I’ve talked fondly to, so I’m a bit annoyed…”
“W-Wait a second! I don’t want to fight you either, after all, we took a bath together before!”
“Ah!?” x2
Megumin and Yunyun collectively showed their surprise.
“…Please don’t mention such things in this kind of situation…”
“Eh!?” x2
We were talking about important things right now, so I hoped that they won’t butt into the conversation.
“U-, Uhm, I feel like they have some sort of misunderstanding…”
“I don’t care if they misunderstand. Since we took a bath together twice, and you even said you don’t want to treat me as a stranger…”
“I did say that! I know it’s true that I said that! It’s also true that we did take a bath together, but—!”
Wolbach squinted her eyes into a cruel gaze in my direction, and tried her best to change the mood.
“I’ve already investigated you, who have ambushed my subordinates day in and day out. Beldia, Vanir, Hans, Sylvia… Do you still remember these four names?”
Wolbach listed the names of the generals related to me.
“Wolbach onee-san, your ears are really red.”
“Shut up!”
After I reminded her of our times together in the bath, Wolbach’s face began to turn red as well.
“I do remember them… but I still don’t want to fight you.”
“Even if you don’t want to, I still can’t let you go. I also need to retrieve my other half. Also, if you’ve managed to defeat four Demon King generals… could you be the hero of that fairy tale?”
I am the hero with the weakest job. My special move is peeping.
Wolbach didn’t seem to know what I was thinking.
“Once I learned of your name, I realized I couldn’t let you go. Do you know? The name of the hero in that fairy tale?”
Said Wolbach with confidence. It was like she was saying ‘I already know everything about you!’
“…I don’t know the hero of whatever story you’re talking about. What’s his name?”
“Don’t play dumb. Is it because it happened too long ago, and you’ve already forgotten? The name of the hero in that fairy tale was Satou. Yes, the name is the same as yours, Satou. This name is already rare to begin with, so do you think that this is mere coincidence?”
—But this was a common name in my homeland.
Though, I understand.
Wolbach probably thought of me as some hero’s successor or descendant or something.
Even though I felt like I had no relation whatsoever to the Satou she was talking about.
Then—
“Uhm—”
Megumin lowered her staff and said—
“Do you really not remember me?”
Megumin’s entire face was dyed a shade of light red. Her eyes glowed bright crimson.
However, Wolbach only so much as glanced at her.
“….Didn’t I tell you already? I don’t remember you… but don’t worry, I’ll remember you well from now on—as my sworn enemy who killed many of my subordinates.”
“!?”
Without another word, she quickly began to chant her magic.
“Oi!? Wait a second, I really don’t want to fight you…!”
Even though I said that, I could sense that her intent to fight was real.
It was because that chant was—
“Yunyun, hurry up and chant your teleportation magic!”
“I-, I understand, I-I’ll do it as fast as I can!”
As Wolbach began to chant explosion magic, Yunyun hurriedly followed, and began to chant her teleportation magic.
Megumin seemed to be depressed that Wolbach had said ‘I don’t remember’, and showed no intent to cast her magic.
As I was starting to regret leaving the magic tools which I wholeheartedly prepared back at the fortress, an idea hit me—!
After frantically searching my pockets, I pulled something out—
“‘Tinder.’”
I ignited the thing that had been shrunken earlier, and threw it towards Wolbach.
As Wolbach spotted the strange object, she hesitated, unsure whether or not she should dodge and cancel her magic.
Without waiting for the thing to explode, I grasped Megumin’s hand and pulled her towards Yunyun—!
“‘Teleport’—!”
Hearing Yunyun’s shout, I closed my eyes tightly.
Having barely escaped with our lives, Yunyun and I fell on our backsides after the teleportation completed.
“Hey, what happened Kazuma!? Isn’t the explosion sound rather small today?”
We teleported to the center of the gathering hall.
Darkness inquired about the situation as we sat on the ground.
Those who noticed that something went wrong with our plan today frantically gathered around.
“Hey Kazuma. What’s up? Why is your face so pale? Did you get beat by that goddess?”
The goddess Aqua squatted down beside me.
“We almost got blown away by explosion magic, and all I could do was throw the explosive in my bag and run away. Ah, this is the first time where I’ve felt that my luck is actually good.”
I took a deep breath and shook my head.
“…Hey, what is it? Why are you so excited? Is your other half nearby or something?”
Chomusuke – who I left in the care of Darkness and Aqua – climbed onto my knee.
If what Wolbach said was true, then this little pet of ours was half of an evil god. How should we deal with this…
“Hey Kazuma, by that explosive, you mean the thing you made before? If you threw it and the explosion noise could be heard from all the way over here, that means that the self-proclaimed goddess got blown to pieces, right?”
…That’s true, what should we do now…
If the explosion could be heard from all the way over here, that means the dynamite was not a dud.
However, even though I didn’t know how much force it had, I don’t think it’d be enough to defeat a Demon King’s general.
Then—
“—I’m sorry!”
Megumin, who had approached me while I was distracted in my thought —
“Even though I have been boasting since we left Axel, I wasn’t able to use magic at the crucial moment. Please forgive me…!”
Gazed directly into my eyes.
“Did something happen between you and that onee-san in the past?”
I asked out of curiosity.
“…I can’t tell you.”
Megumin turned her gaze to the ground. Her expression seemed to be filled with pain, and it looked like she would start crying at any time.
Facing this expression—
I was at a loss of words.
Damn, I did something unnecessary.
No. If Megumin of all people hesitated to attack with explosion, then there has to be some special circumstances, right!?
Rather, it was impossible for there not to be. What should I do… She looks like she’s about to cry…!
I cast a hopeful glance towards the audience, but not only did the adventurers look away, even Aqua and Darkness actively avoided my gaze.
To think that these guys wouldn’t give me a single reprieve…!
—Then.
“Hey, isn’t that Wolbach!?”
Someone cried out.
Out of curiosity, the adventurers herded around the windows of the gathering hall.
Of course, I did the same, and followed the gazes of the other adventurers—
Wolbach – whose body was dripping in blood – was walking towards the fortress.
“That Wolbach of all people is injured to this extent…!”
“You were called Satou Kazuma, right? Not bad at all!”
“I heard from Aqua-sama. Unlike us, you don’t have any cheats, right?”
The adventurers who saw this began to praise me.
Despite that, I wasn’t happy at all.
Even though she was a beautiful lady, she was still our enemy. She was a Demon King’s army general, and an enemy of humanity.
Yeah, there was no need to feel bad about it. That was just self-defense, after all…
Just as I was conflicted, someone said.
“Hey, she looks a bit weak right now. If we go now, we could probably beat her, right?”
The cheaters who heard this gave doubtful glances at one another.
“Alright, then let’s go! The elite of the Demon King’s army have also been decimated!”
“Even though she looks like a beautiful onee-san, this is not the time to be focused on that.”
“If we let our guard down for even a moment, we’ll get killed. Hey, anyone who is able to fight, get ready to go! Once we defeat Wolbach, we can press the advantage and clean up the rest of em’!”
Hmpf, as the adventurers said. What I did was the natural course of action.
The people quickly trickled out of the gathering hall.
The adventurers and knights were making an uproar that didn’t seem like they were going to war in the slightest. Behind them was Aqua – who was hurriedly catching up to the group – and Darkness, who showed a stern expression.
… As they were leaving, Darkness turned her head and gave me a sideward glance.
Once we made eye-contact, she nodded her head.
What? What do you mean by that? How do you want me to resolve this!?
You want me to somehow take care of Megumin right now? Is that right!?
Megumin didn’t show any reaction when she heard the news that Wolbach had arrived, and remained standing where she was.
Ah, I was not good at dealing with these heavy atmospheres; after all, I’ve been living life without any worries whatsoever!
As I randomly walked around the room, Yunyun said:
“That person… is a Demon King general, and an evil god.”
Her eyes began to gleam, and she picked up her wand.
“Even though she had invited me to travel with her, even though she made me happy to the point where I have reread that diary entry many times, even though I couldn’t sleep for a couples days after I regretted not accepting her invitation—”
Her heavy words brought Megumin and I to a standstill.
“—We are Crimson Demons. We are members of the strongest magic race that was made to resist the Demon King. No matter what happens, no matter our circumstances, we shouldn’t get close with a Demon King general. It is our destiny after all.”
Yunyun said with such a serious demeanor, but did she know the real identities of Vanir and Wiz… She would go play around with them once in a while after all…
With wand in hand, she walked towards the entrance of the gathering hall.
“I exchanged a few words with that onee-san before on a carriage. So if she’s going to be defeated by the other adventurers who don’t know anything about her, I would…I, I…I would rather…!”
Even though she tried her best to stay strong, she could no longer hold it in. She began to tremble, and tears trickled down her face.
Despite Yunyun’s words, Megumin, who felt guilty about doing nothing when we encountered Wolbach, remained silent.
She picked up Chomusuke from the ground and hugged it tightly. There was no way I could understand was she was thinking.
However, I understood that something had happened between her and Wolbach.
Furthermore, it was something that made her not want to attack.
I said to Megumin:
“…What do you want to do?”
“…Eh?”
—As if I was asking her where she wanted to go and play around.
“I don’t really understand what happened—”
Megumin looked at me perplexedly.
“But something happened between you and that person, right? Are you going to willingly watch her get eliminated?”
—As if I was inviting her out for a stroll.
“Our opponent will use her full power if she can, and if she continues to pursue Chomusuke, then our lives will be endangered. So I wouldn’t stop the other adventurers from defeating Wolbach.”
As I said that, I picked up Chomusuke, who would probably hinder our next battle.
“Isn’t stealing the spotlight the specialty of the Crimson Demons?”
Megumin raised her head to face me. Her eyes shone a brilliant crimson. I said to her—
“If you have an opponent you want to defeat personally, I don’t mind helping you.”
Under the watchful gazes of the adventurers and knights—
With Chomusuke in my arms, I, together with Megumin, faced Wolbach.
The adventurers that were itching to fight were hard to restrain, so in exchange for letting us have a showdown with Wolbach, I let them in on a little secret. I told them that ‘since you guys have cheats, your adventuring progress has been too quick, so you failed to notice an amazing store in the city of Axel’.
Since their cheats weren’t just for show, they already have funds comparable to the bounties of Demon King generals.
I can’t help but feel a bit jealous…
I turned my head to glance at Darkness and Aqua, who seemed like they were about to say something. With a small gesture, I told them to stay quiet.
“You, so you really are the hero’s descendant aren’t you? You even used such a fearsome thing…”
Wolbach said. Her voice was filled with irony, and her cloak was in tatters.
“That was merely a product of civilization. However, I didn’t think that it would have such a strong effect on a Demon King’s general. Now that I’ve seen its effects, I should consider mass producing this…”
With Chomusuke in my arms, I taunted Wolbach.
“Hey, why did you come here? The winner of this battle is clear, so isn’t it about time for you to retreat? If you promise to stop pursuing Chomusuke and not make us your enemy, I’ll let you go.”
I already knew that she wasn’t going to accept this proposition, but it won’t hurt to try.
“It’s regrettable, but if you are going to mass produce that fearsome thing, there’s no way I can let you live. Also, I cannot let that little one go. If I don’t retrieve my power from it, then I will disappear.”
As she said that, she raised her right hand.
If I looked hard enough, I could see through it.
“…So you are something like an undead?”
“My, how disrespectful of you. I am in my current state because I lost a lot of my power. If this continues, my existence will be devoured by my other half.”
Her other half she said, does she mean the little guy I am holding in my arms?
…Eh?
“Um, could I ask something? If I give this guy to you, how would you retrieve your power? Are you two going to morph into one?”
Wolbach replied.
“No, I will need to destroy it with my own hands. If I lower my guard, it will go on a rampage. When we were unsealed, it followed its nature and caused a lot of trouble for me, so I sealed away most of its power…”
I didn’t understand the details, but she said she wanted to do some cruel things to Chomusuke.
As a cat-lover, I wouldn’t let that happen.
Then, Megumin, who had remained silent the whole time—
“When you and Chomusuke were unsealed, did you see a little girl? A crimson-eyed girl around 5 to 6 years old…”
She gripped her staff tightly, and asked her question again, this time with resolve.
“I don’t remember.”
Despite being denied in such a ruthless manner, Megumin’s gaze did not avert from Wolbach.
This was a bad turn of events.
I should ask that question again, and change the topic…
“…Hey, if we can talk peacefully like this, why did you join the Demon King army?”
With a solemn resolution, Wolbach said:
“If you want to know, then defeat me.”
—With a provoking smile, she repeated her answer.
As I thought, it didn’t work.
It seems like there was no way to avoid fighting her.
“You should know already, but this girl can use explosion magic as well. In other words, by the time the winner is decided, there’ll be no way for us to talk to each other.”
“…I suppose you’re right, then…”
The corners of her lips seemed to pull at her smile.
“Ask the Demon King. He will definitely tell you the truth.”
Despite her sorrowful voice, she began to chant her magic.
—Damn! I felt that she was becoming weaker so I tried to buy time, but she was going to strike preemptively!
I knew how fast Megumin could chant her magic.
However, if she started now, there was no guarantee that she would catch up.
I looked at Megumin, who stood beside me—
“…You really remember me, don’t you?”
She gripped her staff with both hands.
Seeing as she hadn’t even started, I could feel my skin turning pale. I was about to grab her hand and run away—
“When we talked to each other with Yunyun, you asked about her name like this: ‘…By the way, your name isn’t a nickname either, right?”
—But she avoided my hand, and without a single motion, she continued to talk to Wolbach. She still hasn’t started her chant…
“There’s something I’ve wanted to tell you for a long time, something I wanted to you to see.”
Towards Wolbach who continued to chant explosion magic—
“The explosion magic that you taught me has already reached the stage where I can control it without chanting aloud. My explosion magic is stronger than anyone else’s.”
—she said ‘thanks’.
“‘Explosion’———!!”
The Demon King army’s offensive force was cut in half, and the general that led them was defeated.
This would usually be the time to celebrate, but because of Megumin’s circumstances, we decided to call it a day.
We left the fortress the next morning after bidding farewell to the people there in an uncharacteristically proper fashion. Right now, we were at the hot spring inn where I bathed with Wolbach earlier on this journey. Using my arms as pillows, I laid on the bed.
Since a lot of things happened yesterday, it would be best for me to take a bath and quickly go to bed, but the girls were in the bath right now.
There was no problem from a legal perspective; however, when I tried to enter the bath, I noticed the crimson glow of somebody’s eyes, and quickly ran away.
…The dangers of this battle were incomparable to anything I’ve experienced.
Compared to our opponents from before, she was more…How should I say this? There was always somewhere to run to. This time around, we were on the receiving end of explosion magic. It was a truly terrifying experience.
Well, I’ll make sure to not make Megumin angry.
As I reflected on what happened, I put Chomusuke – who had been following me around – on my chest.
…By the way, just what is this little guy?
Wolbach had disappeared without a trace.
Even if was explosion magic, it shouldn’t completely annihilate a Demon King general – at least, not to the extent where there were no remains whatsoever.
All that was left behind from the explosion was a beautifully shaped and empty crater. Since I didn’t want to see that onee-san’s corpse, maybe I should consider myself lucky?
When Megumin released her explosion magic along with her thanks, I think I saw Wolbach smile…Was it just me?
It would be better if it was just me…
Also, shouldn’t this tired furball disappear as well? Its other half was destroyed, after all…
I couldn’t keep up with the rapid turn of events.
There were just too many things that I didn’t understand. My thoughts were just a jumbled mess.
As I was lost in thought, Chomusuke suddenly poked me with its nose.
…I don’t care if you are an evil god.
The only one that can cure my heart is you…
As I rubbed Chomusuke, it released a purring noise.
“Kazuma, are you still awake? Everyone is done with their bath.”
Someone knocked on my door. It was Megumin.
“Oh alright! I’ll go in a bit!”
I didn’t want to disturb Chomusuke’s peaceful rest, so I had no choice but to lay here.
Then, the door was opened.
“…So Chomusuke was here, I was looking for it you know?”
As she entered the room, she smiled at the sight of Chomusuke resting on my chest.
She then casually closed the door, and sat on my bed.
“This is my healing time, alright? So come and fetch this guy later.”
“I didn’t come here to fetch him. I just thought that it might’ve run away from the inn. Seeing Chomusuke with Kazuma is a pleasant thing.”
Despite what she said, Megumin stretched her hand towards Chomusuke, who was resting peacefully on my chest.
Then—
“…Hey, hey, are you looking for a fight?”
Megumin rubbed Chomusuke, and laid down on the bed beside me.
She slowly began to inch closer.
As if it could read the situation, Chomusuke jumped from my chest, and laid down on the floor.
Megumin ignored my troubled comment, and – as if to hide her expression – she buried herself under the blankets.
“Can I sleep with you tonight?”
Since yesterday’s events, this person had shut herself in her own room… So what did she want from me all of a sudden?
They had known one another, and she had ended her life with explosion magic.
—So it’s not like I didn’t understand her feelings, but…
“…Can you what? What did you say? I don’t know what you’re planning, but I’ll let you know that I’m not the same as I was during my hikiNEET days… Ah I remember now, I promised to myself the first time we stayed here, that if you or Darkness tried to provoke me with underhanded methods, I’ll ‘follow through’ no matter what happens.”
I joked around to lighten the mood.
Megumin’s eyes flared crimson.
“I can, right? I mean, that’s why I came here tonight.”
She said with a giggle.
…What was she thinking?
The feeling of her breath on my chest was a little hot.
Ah, what’s happening all of a sudden? I can’t help but feel a little nervous now…
I’m in big trouble, she’s not just playing around after all…
If this goes on, my lower half will start chanting explosion magic.
“Hey, I’m a healthy young man, so don’t say those kinds of jokes. If you say those kinds of things, men will misunderstand. I heard that there are some unpopular men that fall in love with a girl the moment they shake their hand, so be careful, alright?”
In the best stern voice I could muster in my nervous state, I lectured Megumin, who laid beside me on the bed.
—But then, she stretched her arms behind my back, and hugged me tightly.
“I told you before, didn’t I?”
Even though I couldn’t see her expression, I could hear her soft voice clearly.
“—I love you.”
How did it turn out like this?
What’s with this sudden development?
No, calm down Kazuma! This is the usual Megumin. She’s just a bit strange right now, that’s all…
—But I couldn’t control my urge to continue.
Let’s start with a self introduction—
I love manga.
I love light novels
I love games, and I love anime even more.
When I was enjoying these wonderful things, I often thought to myself:
—Why isn’t he making a move even though this beautiful girl has pushed on so hard!? It’s not like you’re gay or impotent or something! If it was me, I would’ve given in a long time ago.
But now, I was the one put into the situation of the male lead of a manga.
It was now, that I finally understood everything.
Please forgive me for saying such things to you guys.
Right now I am being hugged by a young girl in a bed, and she just confessed to me. Please tell me what to do.
Megumin’s hug became tighter.
—But it wasn’t anything like a painful bear hug.
It was as if she was trying to tell something to my heart, and that hugging me tightly was part of the process.
…I’m in trouble, aren’t I?
In this situation, one small move – one small burst of bravery – is all it would take to cross the line.
No, no, no! I can’t cross that! If I do then I’m finished!
Calm down and think, Satou Kazuma! Think!
This is not too different from that time with Darkness.
Back then, Darkness thought she was going to be married off, so it was a last resort for her.
But this time the person in question had voluntarily come here!
Since our party all lived under the same roof, if Megumin and I did that kind of thing, what would happen in the end…!
This is wrong, this is really wrong!
This girl definitely ate something wrong or hit her head or something—!
Alright, alright, calm down Kazuma. Let’s not rush this too hard.
Yea, she’s just hugging me right now, and all she ever said was that she liked me.
I could feel my head getting hotter by the moment.
I mustered all my words, and said with a hoarse voice.
“I-, If you keep this up you’ll definitely be a bad woman when you grow up. You can’t do these things so carelessly, alright? Listen closely, if you do something like this to a man, the man’s thing will go out of control and they won’t be able to resist the urge. In the future, please think a bit before you say such things. Lucky for you, I am a true man with a mind of steel, otherwise you would already be…”
During my speech, Megumin continued to breathe on my chest. I tried to ignore that, and say what I had to with as much modesty as I could.
Megumin began to giggle.
“…When I grow up? What are you talking about?”
Then, she pulled herself closer to me, and said with a light voice:
“I’m almost 15, you know? I’m already an adult.”
I should stop thinking too much.
—I put my right hand on Megumin’s head, and felt her cool hair between my fingers. As if my fingers were a comb, I began to stroke her pretty hair.
Megumin, who continued to lower her head, moved her left hand to my head, and began stroking my hair as well.
I put my arms behind her back and hugged her petite body.
Megumin seemed to relax, and released a deep breath.
…As a virgin, I have tried hard.
So what should I do next?
Please, someone teach me what to do.
Am I supposed to go for a kiss?
Damn, think of the simulations I’ve done using the succubus service!
During the silent moment where I was conflicted, Megumin and I continued to hug one another and rub each other’s hair.
Her cool and damp hair was really soothing.
I slid my head under the blanket, and was now face to face with Megumin in the dark.
I can’t really see her expression at all.
Using the power of ‘Night Vision’ and ‘Farsight’ I could clearly see the outline of her face.
I managed to arrive here by following the flow, but I still didn’t understand what was happening all of a sudden.
My nervous mind felt like it was going to break down, but at the same time, my heart was full of expectations.
My chest feels heavy, and my heart is beating nonstop.
Is this ‘love’?
Did I begin to like her without noticing?
My heartbeat was not caused by my sexual urges.
I thought and thought on, and finally arrived at a resolution.
—No problem, I have a house, and I have money.
I will definitely be able to live well with Megumin.
Then, Megumin began to pull me in.
Our heads were almost aligned, and her body came closer. Her lips drew close to my chin.
Everytime she breathed, my neck would become hot.
Towards her lips, I will…!
“Megumin! Where are you Megumin!? Are you here!?”
Goddamnit! I knew that this would happen!
In response to Aqua’s voice in the hallway, I quickly pulled my head out of the sheets.
Outside the door were sounds of frantic running.
I felt nothing but intense anger for the people who couldn’t read the atmosphere at all, but I managed to calm down a little. I also felt a little more relaxed.
Mm, I will definitely regret this if I let myself be pressured into it.
After all, today’s Megumin was a bit strange.
If I cross the line with her, then our relationship with everyone else will be in jeopardy.
Yea, didn’t she say so herself when she was making the charm?
‘Of course. These amulets all hold my wish, that everyone will stay together forever… I’m grateful to you too, Aqua. Let’s always be together.’
Even if we cross the line, we can still be together with everyone.
But what she wanted was to forever live in harmony with everyone.
Then, this is enough, isn’t it?
It was too early for me to do this kind of thing with a girl I haven’t even dated before.
“Aqua, did you see Megumin on your side?”
Hearing Darkness’ voice, I decided to get up from the bed.
However, I was stopped by Megumin, who tightly pulled on my hand.
…Eh.
Even though everyone was waiting for her outside, she still wanted to continue?
“M-, Megumin, Aqua and Darkness are…A-Are you alright with this?”
I had my doubts, but I laid back down on the bed.
Even though I had asked her that, she continued to hug me without another word.
“Um, I think Megumin wants to be alone for now. I want to as well… Something happened between her and Wolbach a long time ago, after all…”
Yunyun’s voice permeated through the door.
“Is that so…Mm, well there wouldn’t be a problem as long as she doesn’t leave the inn… Then Aqua, let’s go to bed first.”
“Eh~ I wanted the four of us to play poker together…”
Megumin and I were already wrapped in each other’s arms, and I no longer paid attention to the conversation occurring on the other side of the door.
Since neither of us had the courage to make the next move, all we could do was imitate one another.
However, if I’ve already gone this far, then I should see this mistake through to the end.
The relationship between companions?
My relationship with others might be in jeopardy?
Why should I care?
Yea, before I go for a kiss I should say something.
Megumin already said that she likes me, then I should say something back to her.
“M-Megumin. Uhm, you said you love me right? Well…Uhm…I think I also love you too!”
And done!
Now I can just go ahead and do what I want!
Just as I was about to pridefully start this revolution, Megumin—
“…Really? What do you like about me?”
Her head was lowered until now, but now she raised her head and returned my gaze with eyes full of expectation.
Since I wasn’t much of a ladies-man, I couldn’t really think of anything sweet to say.
“…Um, well, like…explosion magic and such…?”
“If you really have nothing to say, do you think that throwing some explosion magic gibberish would make this better?”
Megumin’s gaze went from soft to sharp.
Damn, I shouldn’t have done something I’m not used to. Now I’ve made a huge mess…
Why do I have the ability to crush such sweet atmospheres to smithereens?
Maybe I was cursed with being a virgin for eternity.
But then, Megumin – who I thought didn’t want to continue anymore – buried her face in my chest and laughed.
“I love this uncomposed side of you, Kazuma. You have a lot of self-awareness, and when we meet some powerful enemies you won’t try to be manly or anything and protect us girls. Instead, you willingly use Darkness as a shield. Also, you don’t have the guts to do anything cruel, but you aren’t needlessly righteous about what you do either. You’ll do bad things when no one is looking, and you’ll do good things when you feel like it. You are a paradoxical, uncomposed normal person.”
…Eh? Was she complimenting me?
“If you’re in debt then you’ll work hard, if you’re wealthy then you’ll stop working. If you’re in a good mood you’ll be gentle, if you’re in a bad mood then you’ll be vicious. You seem to think about your companions, but at the same time you’ll won’t hesitate to give your party members the short straw. Even though you seem really smart and flexible, sometimes you’ll do some unimaginably dumb things…”
Nevermind.
Megumin looked at my troubled expression, and began to laugh.
“Finally, I love you, who always complains about every little thing, but chooses to help everyone in the end. Even though you aren’t straightforward with us, I understand that you are truly kind at heart. When it should be time for you to make a move, you decide not to – just like you are now. You can’t act cool, and you drop the ball at crucial moments, but that is the you that I love.”
She smiled while saying such things, and she brought her hands from my back to my neck.
With the glimmering moonlight behind her, Megumin closed her eyes.
Seeing her like this, I couldn’t help but feel an urge to follow her lead.
Was this really alright?
If it kept going like this then this’ll work.
Yea, this was another world.
Even though I was still a student back in Japan, in this world where people’s life expectancies were short, we were already considered adults.
Megumin was already of marriageable age, so there was no need for me to say any more.
Alright, I’ll take this responsibility.
As I slowly drifted my face towards her with resolution—
I saw tears trickle from Megumin’s closed eyes…
“…Hey, hey, don’t force yourself! Do you really love me? Or is this a bit too early for you? Since I’m a gentleman, I have no problem with waiting, you know!? I am a man with much to spare, in terms of both money and love experiences—!”
Megumin suddenly began to cry. In response, I began to nervously spout sentences that I couldn’t really understand.
“Ah! N-No, this is…!”
Megumin hurriedly recomposed herself, and used her fingers to wipe her tears.
She breathed deep breaths and began to calm down.
“…By the way, why did you come here tonight?”
I asked her such a question on the eleventh-hour.
With the pillow in my arms, I stared blankly at the roof.
“That was something that happened when I was about the same age as Komekko.”
Megumin laid beside me, and with her hands on her stomach, she continued her monologue.
“One day, at the Crimson Demon Village, I undid the seal on the evil god. That was when everything started.”
When she was young, Megumin – while playing around – undid the seal of the evil god Wolbach.
At the same time, a giant, black-colored monster suddenly appeared.
Chomusuke – before his power was sealed – tried to attack Megumin.
At that time, Wolbach had used explosion magic to suppress it – and in the process – saved Megumin’s life.
Explosion magic left a large impression on Megumin, and because of that, she had a certain dream.
That onee-san really did some unnecessary things, didn’t she?
A long time after that, Megumin learned how to use explosion magic.
After learning magic, Megumin became a fully-fledged Crimson Demon, and set off on her journey.
For the sake of repaying the onee-san that had saved her life, she left on a journey.
For the sake of showing the onee-san she had learned explosion magic.
Her entire journey had been for the sake of searching for her benefactor.
However—
“I didn’t repay her in the end. Instead, I destroyed her by my own hands…”
Megumin continued her monologue, shrouded by the darkness of the room.
She, who was tormented by her own guilt, became uncharacteristically gentle. It seemed like she would disappear at any given moment.
“…Did I tell you before, that back at my homeland I did nothing but sit at home? That I was a NEET that did nothing with my life?”
I suddenly began to talk about my life, and Megumin turned her head to face me.
“Mm, you’ve said that a lot of times already. That…”
I cut her off before she could say any more.
“If you want to talk about being ungrateful, then there is no one who can beat me. My parents spent a fortune to send me to a private high school, but I never went to class, not even once. At first I was just trying to get a bit more free time to do what I wanted. On weekends I would stay up all night to play games, and during the weekdays I would be tired and annoyed. Since both my parents had to go to work, I thought this was a good chance to secretly cut class.”
I began to share my history, which I had kept hidden until now.
“At first I just wanted to be lazy for a day. Then, I would skip class once a month. Then, I would skip class every monday. Before I knew it, I had decided to no longer go to school.”
Now that I think about it, my attitude back then had been a disgrace.
Even though I had decided to not be a NEET once I had graduated from college, that had failed miserably.
In the morning, I would pretend to go to school. Then once my parents left for work, I would sneak back home.
The school called home and asked, but I gave them some random reason to take the day off, and continued playing games.
Finally, the school contacted my parents, and I was forced to go to school, but after a while, I returned to being a NEET.
“You said that you failed to repay her, but weren’t you the one to unseal Wolbach in the first place? Then, Wolbach’s other half came to attack you, and she had saved you and taught you explosion magic. You know, this is what they call a ‘match-pump.’ I know an delinquent adventurer that does that kind of thing.”
Megumin looked at me with a puzzled expression.
“In order to save the benefactor that unsealed her, she stopped the rampage of her other half. That’s what anyone would’ve done, so there’s no need to treat her as your benefactor… If you’re troubled by such a little thing, how would I ever be able to face my parents?”
However, even if I wanted to see them, there was no way I could.
“So what I mean is…How should I say this. In terms of the extent of ingratitude, no one can match up to me. In the time that you spent troubled by this, I had already become a piece of living trash. So, uhm…”
I didn’t really know what I wanted to say.
As I was at a loss for words, Megumin began to laugh.
She buried her face in my chest, and pressed on my shoulders to resist the urge to laugh.
“…What is that supposed to mean!? I just tried to comfort you in my own way, and you repay me with this clown act? I even dug up my embarrassing history in order to do it! Now this is really what I would call ingratitude!”
“I’m sorry. It not that I’m looking down on you, I just thought it was sad that those parents had such a child. I also thought that using such a weird way to comfort me was pretty funny.”
This damn kid!
“Well I’m sorry I did something I’m not good at! Listen up! You might think that you are the female lead of some tragedy, but the one who is suffering the most is actually me! You came to my room so that I could comfort you over some insignificant problem that didn’t even exist in the first place! Have you ever thought about my feelings!?”
As I continued to complain, Megumin continued to grab my shoulders and wipe her tears of laughter.
“Then do you want to continue?”
“N-N-N-No way! Even though I would hurt myself to solve some insignificant problem, I won’t allow someone to lay a hand on me by taking advantage of my wounds!”
I adamantly replied, and Megumin began to laugh as she usually would.
“Well then, that’s a shame isn’t it?”
Her eyes shined crimson in the darkness, and no matter how I looked at it, I couldn’t feel a hint of regret.
“…Well then, if you can finally let go of your guilt towards that onee-san, and if you wanted to do that kind of thing again, I have no reason to refuse—!”
Feeling like I had done something I would regret, I tried to save what was left.
Megumin shook my shoulders and said—
“Is that so? If that day really comes, then I’ll come to your room to play again.”
She showed a brilliant smile.
‘Thank you very much, I feel a lot less burdened now’ — Leaving such standard lines, she left the room.
Opposite to her lightheartedness, I was turning restlessly in my bed.
“Ahhhhhhh! I wasted such a good chance, and I even said such disgusting things! Agghhhh!!”
Since her troubles were now transferred to me, I decided to cool my head somewhere.
Unlike before, I decided to take a cold shower.
I regretted what I did, but to be honest, I felt that making such a rookie mistake wasn’t bad either.
Anyway, based on what happened, Megumin and I are now in a relationship.
After all, I told her things like ‘I love you’ and stuff.
Since I thought ‘this relationship isn’t bad either’, that means my feelings for her were deeper than I thought…
…Eh, does that mean she’ll be my girlfriend starting tomorrow?
Hey Hey Hey, am I finally going to experience real life!?
“No no no, calm down for a moment. Megumin has been a bit strange since yesterday. I’ll just observe her situation before I decide.”
I muttered such things to myself while in the changing room.
Then…
“…What are you doing?”
“Meow~”
Chomusuke had suddenly appeared at my feet, and I involuntarily asked such a question.
This little fellow had been staying out of our way for a while, but I suppose it was about time it returned to normal.
Since it didn’t like baths, I shouldn’t let it go…
“…This is the bath that you hate very much, you know? Are you sure you want to go in?”
Keeping an eye on Chomusuke, who had adamantly followed me all the way here, I sat down beside the shower and turned the valve.
As I showered, I thought of what would happen from now on.
All in all, I should just pretend that nothing happened yesterday.
I should wait for the person in question to decide to approach me on her own accord, only then will I count that incident.
Even though I was slightly annoyed at my resolution, I decided to stick with it.
After showering, I could feel my head and body becoming cooler, and quickly moved to enter the bath.
As I was about to enter the bath…
“…Y-, You want to come in?”
“Meow~”
Chomusuke leaned its legs towards the pool, and looked like it was eager to go in. I was a bit suspicious of its sudden change in behavior, but I decided to ignore that for now, and carried it into the water.
“You’ll drown if you enter the bath, so just use this for now.”
As I said that, I filled the shower bucket with spring water, and put it off to the side. Chomusuke, as if testing the water temperature, dipped its paws into the water. Finally it rolled itself into a ball and laid down in the bath.
…What was up with this cat…
Well, it wasn’t really a cat.
I didn’t really know why it suddenly liked baths, but it was a good thing if it liked to be clean.
I can’t help but feel like it was a lot like that onee-san.
I absentmindedly asked:
“Wolbach-san, how is the water temperature?”
The moment I called it Wolbach, one of its ears moved a tiny bit.
……….
Was it just a coincidence?
Or did that mean that Chomusuke was going to transform into a human shape?
If we raise this cat, will it eventually become that onee-san?
“…Nah, it couldn’t be.”
I submerged my shoulders into the water, and gazed at Chomusuke who comfortably lay in the bath.
“…Hm? By the way, you haven’t grown at all in the last couple months, but I can’t help but feel that you look a little bigger now…”
Translator: yuNS
Editors: Adam, BlitzBlast, Cannongerbil, Skythewood, Xenthu

TL: Cannongerbil
Editing: Ulti, Uranophane, Keel the swift
“Give him back! The Schneider that I carefully groomed and raised… return him to me, you shitty NEET!!”
“I made it back to where you were before, so give it a rest already! I can’t help it if he’s dead! Schneider has gone to another world and is doing just fine. Who knows, he might even have defeated the Demon King and be having a parade thrown in his honour right now.”
The next morning.
As expected, Aqua started screaming at me in the main hall where we usually relaxed, upset over losing her carefully groomed character. And thus began yet another day.
“… Really? Is Schneider really doing fine in another world?”
“Yeah, he is, he has built up a harem of beautiful girls and is living quite happily, so don’t worry about him.”
As I spouted such things to comfort Aqua, Megumin came down the stairs.
“Good morning. Isn’t it awfully early for both of you to be up?”
“Yeah, I took Darkness and her kid out to play with Zell today. I think it’s the first time her kid has fed a dragon. It was really cute seeing her be that tense.”
That probably has more to do with her worrying about accidentally killing it than anything else.
“Speaking of, I don’t see her around. Where did Sylphina go?”
“Darkness took her out to town, saying that she wanted to have Sylphina play with children her own age.”
Darkness seems to really care about her. It’s almost like she’s really her mother.
Megumin broke into a warm smile upon hearing that.
“Is that so. I hope that girl gets used to Axel quickly.”
Ignoring Megumin, Aqua, who was leisurely lounging on the sofa, directed a question at me.
“By the way, I know Megumin usually gets up pretty early, but why are you up this early as well, Kazuma-san?”
Normally the word dense would not be adequate to describe Aqua, but she just becomes strangely observant at times like this.
I woke up early because I was looking forward to my first date with Megumin, but I can’t possibly say that in front of her.
“Actually, Megumin seems to have gotten up earlier than usual too…”
Hearing Aqua’s words, Megumin jumped up in surprise and averted her gaze.
“W-what are you saying?! I always wake up around this time! You just think that because both you and Kazuma usually wake up late! Plus, today’s weather is excellent for explosions. Of course I would wake up early!”
Hearing Megumin frantically spew out all those words, Aqua blankly tilted her head.
… Could it be that Megumin was looking forward to this date as much as I am?
Indeed, a date.
My first date with a girl.
I went on a stroll with Darkness back in Alcanretia, and I also went on countless explosion trips with Megumin, but those didn’t have the right mood, so they don’t count.
Just as Megumin and I were stealing glances at each other,
“Ohoh… I see, so that’s what’s going on with you two.”
Aqua broke out into a sly grin. She just seems to be uncannily sharp at the most inconvenient of times.
“W-What? What do you mean by that, Aqua?”
“You better wipe that stupid grin of your face, otherwise I will do it for you!”
Despite both of our words, Aqua covered her grin with her hand and said,
“The both of you woke up early to eat the leftover frog steak from yesterday’s dinner, right? Well, too bad, the earliest riser, that’s right, me, has already eaten them!”
Oh. It’s just Aqua being Aqua again.
… Wait a second.
“You did what!? I was saving that on purpose! I was going to use them in the sandwiches I was taking with me today! That’s why I properly prepared them last night! Why are you always causing trouble for me?”
“What? I already ate them, so I can’t do anything about that! What are you getting so angry for? If you want sandwiches, I’ll gladly help you make more.”
After learning that I specifically prepared them last night, Aqua seemed like she was really remorseful and immediately apologized.
“Anyway, where are you guys going with said sandwiches? If you two are going out to play, I want to come too.”
“…”
“EXPLOOOOOOOOOOSION!”
The sound of an explosion rang out over the lake near Axel.
The powerful blast parted the waters of the lake, and the shockwave it created sent large waves crashing all over its surface.
The large quantity of water blasted into the sky rained down upon us as mist, refracting the morning light to create a rainbow over the lake.
“Today’s explosion scores ninety-five points! Not only is it potent, but the mist created by the blast makes the morning air more refreshing, and even adds a rainbow garnish over the whole performance. The only thing lacking is practical application. If there were any, it would be worth more points.”
Hearing my report, Megumin held a satisfied smile as she collapsed to the ground.
“There is only so much practicality it can have without an appropriate monster to target. This is still the highest score I’ve received in quite some time, so I think today will be a good day!”
Megumin said that with a contented expression.
I crouched and used ‘Drain Touch’ to give her just enough mana to move on her own.
Then, I noticed something.
“Hey, hold on, that explosion killed quite a fair amount of fish. Let’s grab those guys and grill them. The number of frog steak sandwiches is lower than I expected, but we can quite easily grill those fish as a replacement. Nice, great job Megumin!”
“That-That means…”
Having absorbed my mana, Megumin stood up and gave me an expectant look.
“Today’s explosion is worth ninety-eight points!”
“Thank you! Thank you! Thank you very much!!”
Looking at Megumin shedding tears of joy as she repeatedly thanked me, I too started to tear up as I nodded back.
And looking at us from the side…
“Hey, is this the kind of stupid things you guys get up to whenever I’m not around?
Aqua rudely commented while munching on a sandwich.
“Pardon me, Aqua!? What do you mean by stupid?! This is an extremely important step in order to build up my repertoire as an Explosion Connoisseur.”
“Yeah, Aqua! Recently, the score I get from the explosion will even influence my mood, health, and various other factors for the rest of the day. Explosion isn’t a game!”
“I don’t understand and I don’t want to understand, but I get it. It’s one of those things that I’m better off not getting myself involved in.”
It seems that Aqua has started being able to learn from her mistakes.
However…
“Hey, Megumin, this is a date, right?”
I whispered quietly to Megumin.
“I don’t know. I don’t exactly know a whole lot about dating either… Packing a lunch, going to a beautiful place with someone you like and doing something you enjoy together… Is that not what a date is?”
I see, so this is a date.
The feeling that this is exactly like how we usually spend our time together is probably just my imagination.
The reason that it doesn’t feel romantic is probably because Aqua’s here.
We’re both a little embarrassed about our first date, so Aqua ended up getting invited, but in the future, I’m sure…
“These sandwiches are really delicious. Hey, do you want to take a nap after eating the grilled fish? Ah, this really is a good day for a picnic. We should invite Darkness and that Sylphina girl to join us next time.”
Aqua said that while skewering the fish she caught from the lake in preparation for the grill.
Ah… that’s not it.
This isn’t a date, it’s a family picnic!
After the family picnic, on our way back…
The guardsman manning the gate called out to us as we approached the town of Axel.
“Hey, you guys are adventurers, right? There was an emergency call earlier. Shouldn’t you hurry to the guild hall?”
—The adventurer’s guild.
Located right in the middle of town, it’s the headquarters of all anti-monster activities.
It’s a fortress for adventurers and an establishment that they put their trust in.
Heeding the words of the guardsman, we arrived at the hall, but…
In front of the guild hall…
“Alright, adventurers, please line up here. This is an emergency. It’s an emergency summon. Sorry to trouble you all.”
The guild ladies who are normally found behind the counters shout out as they direct the arriving adventurers.
… Huh?
We retrieved our equipment from the mansion and rushed here after hearing about an emergency quest, but why are they calling us to line up here during an emergency?
Just as I thought that, I noticed the guild workers, as well as what appeared to be civil servants start surrounding us, as if to form a barricade around us adventurers.
Actually…
It’s almost like they are moving to prevent us from escaping.
The suspicious situation is starting to create a buzz amongst the adventurers.
…Just what is going on?
“Hey, something’s off. Should we run away? My sixth sense is telling me that it’s best to get away from here as fast as possible.”
“What a coincidence, Kazuma. I’ve a bad feeling too. It’s probably my goddess intuition.”
Hearing Aqua’s words just increased my sense of unease.
At that time, a person approached us.
That’d be Darkness, who had vanished early this morning to send Sylphina off somewhere.
“The two of you should relax. If you don’t break the law, nothing bad will happen to you, so just relax.”
Darkness said while hiding one arm behind her back.
… Hmm, actually.
“Do you know what kind of emergency this is?”
I asked of Darkness who was standing there with one arm behind her back.
All of the adventurers were fully equipped, except Darkness who wore a simple black shirt and a casual skirt. I can’t help but ask her what’s going on.
But Darkness didn’t answer me.
My surroundings are filled with uneasy murmurs.
A tense atmosphere quickly descended upon all the adventurers gathered here.
… But we adventurers are well aware.
The adventurer’s guild is a government organization set up for adventurers.
It’s an establishment designed to support us.
We dutifully complete the jobs we receive from the guild, and at the same time the guild also helps us whenever we get into trouble.
There shouldn’t be any reason for the Guild and adventurers to have an adversarial relationship.
If there’s no reason for us to work against each other, there shouldn’t be any reason for us to be enemies.
Such is the prevailing sentiment being carried along with the murmurs, and with it the tense atmosphere that enveloped the crowd slowly began to lessen.
Just then.
“I have an urgent request for everyone. Indeed, it’s an emergency quest. For there is only a month till the end of the fiscal year. Yes, today is the last day that people can pay their taxes.”
The guild lady standing in front of the group of guild workers gathered ahead of us said with a bright smile on her face.
“Some of you adventurers gathered here have yet to pay their taxes.”
All the adventurers present stood frozen in shock.
“W-W-What is going on? What the hell is going on? Hey, Aqua, just what is-”
“C-C-Calm down. Calm down, Kazuma. Just calm down. I’m sure there must be some kind of mistake!”
Those adventurers who wanted to escape after hearing the guild lady’s words were restrained by the line of guild staff and civil servants who surrounded them like a wall.
Some tried to run, some cried, and others raged.
Though they all had different expressions, there’s one commonality amongst all of them, and that is that every adventurer present is letting out an anguished scream.
“It’s true, we’ve never raised such a matter with you all before. Of course we wouldn’t, adventurers in general tend to be in rough financial straits. As such, thus far we have exempted you… No, allowed you not to pay taxes out consideration for your economic status.”
Standing some distance away from the adventurers, a man who seemed to be a civil servant called out.
He continues speaking.
“The adventurer’s guild is of course supported through tax money. Naturally, this includes the reward money given out for dealing with monsters. However, just because they are earned by killing monsters doesn’t mean that they should be exempt from taxes. We’ve simply not been collecting them out of understanding for your financial situation. But everyone present should have earned quite a bit this year… yes, the reward for taking down the Kowloon Hydra… Thus far, you’ve all been allowed not to pay taxes due to the compassion of the state. But surely, after collecting such a large sum of money, you should fulfill your obligation to the state, no?”
After hearing those words, the Adventurers who were trying to resist fell silent.
It’s only to be expected. After all it was their first time hearing about such a thing.
Up till now, adventurers have had the privilege of being exempt from taxes simply by virtue of being an adventurer.
Now that we are wealthy, it’s only natural that we should start paying proper taxes.
We are residents of this town after all, we should do our part as well.
Just then, an adventurer asked a question.
“Umm, just how much will be taken as taxes?”
The civil servant from before replied.
“All adventurers who earned more than ten million this year shall be taxed half their total income–”
And all the adventurers present scattered to the winds.
“Aqua, what should we do? What the hell do they mean by half? How many hundreds of millions do I have to pay in taxes?”
“I have no money left! I spent it all! You still have to pay taxes even if you are bankrupt! I don’t want to be in debt again! Let’s run! Let’s run far, far away, Kazuma! The tax laws in this world are very simple, everyone has to pay taxes in the first month of autumn. The income of the entire year up till then will be tabulated, and that amount must be paid by the end of the first month of autumn.”
Aqua said to the panicking me.
“It really is easy to understand. Speaking of, isn’t today the last day of the first month of autumn? Then what happens if we run? What happens if we don’t pay it off by today?”
“The taxes will be waived! The taxes will be waived once office hours are over on the last day.”
Is it really that simple?
“Will that really be fine? They won’t hound us to pay up?”
“What are you saying?”
Aqua exclaimed after hearing the perplexed tone in my voice.
“All the laws in this world are made by aristocrats. Of course they would implement laws that favour them. For low income civilians, it’d be cheaper for them to just simply pay the taxes rather than taking a vacation to avoid it, so most people will simply pay up. However, the wealthy and the nobility would take a vacation around this time and will only return at the start of the next month.”
What horrible people.
No, wait, even in a modern country like Japan, there exist people who would do this kind of stuff.
So the aristocrats of this country…!
“Just how greedy are these aristocrats!? How cheap! I want to do that too!”
“W-Wait, there are some kind-hearted people amongst the aristocrats too, don’t just lump them all together…”
Darkness interrupted with a troubled expression on her face.
Speaking of whom, doesn’t she need to run?
Just when I was about to say ‘Aren’t you one of those rich aristocrats who need to pay a large amount of taxes too?’, I noticed what she was holding in her hand.
Probably thinking that it’d be bad to injure someone, all the adventurers around me only blindly focused on running away.
Even under such chaotic circumstances, I couldn’t help but be drawn to what Darkness had in her hand.
“What are you holding?”
“Oh this? You use it like so… ”
Darkness said as she locked the one of the chained iron restraints around her right hand.
They resemble the handcuffs found in Japan.
I already knew that Darkness is a pervert, so it isn’t unexpected for her do something like this, but.
“What are you doing?”
I asked in an exasperated tone, but Darkness didn’t reply.
Wait, I don’t have time to bother with her.
Simply put, all I have to do is avoid being captured for today and I won’t need to pay any taxes.
Just as I was about to grab Aqua and Megumin and run-
“Megumin-san, yes? Let’s see… your personal earnings aren’t very high this year, so you need not pay taxes. Thank you for your cooperation!”
… Megumin has already completed her tax filings.
Perhaps noticing my gaze, the penniless girl glanced over and gave me a smug smile.
Damnit, that just leaves me, Aqua and Darkness…
*Kaclick*
…..
“What are you doing?”
I asked Darkness in the same exasperated tone I used before.
I don’t know what came over this pervert to attach the other end of the handcuff to my left wrist.
What’s she doing at a time like this?
This musclehead occasionally comes up with ideas as stupid as Aqua’s, that’s why she’s so troublesome.
Darkness gave me an extremely bright smile, and in a tone of voice that suggested that she was inviting me on an afternoon stroll, said,
“Paying taxes is the duty of citizens. Now, come on, let us go, Mr Biggest-Earner-in-this-Town.”
Oh, right, she is next in line to become the ruler of this town! Crap!
“L-Let me go! Dammit! You bastard… You bastard!”
“Hahahaha, aren’t we close friends? You shouldn’t be so harsh. Come on, let’s go. You too, Aqua.”
In the chaotic guild hall, the various adventurers who were trying to escape are being snapped up one by one.
In the middle of that frenzy, the handcuffed Darkness said that as she grabbed Aqua’s hand and started pulling on the both of us.
“NOOO! Please, Darkness, let me go! Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san! Please do something!”
Aqua screamed and slapped at the hand Darkness was using to grab her, but Darkness didn’t seem notice at all.
I immediately shouted towards Aqua.
“Hey, Aqua, cast your buff magic on us! The ones that boosts strength and speed! If you cast it on us we’ll be able to lift her up and drag her along with us! We can easily carry her if we work together!”
“Mu…”
Hearing my words, Darkness immediately released her grip on Aqua.
“… Aqua, I’ll let you go. You may flee as you wish. There are already watchmen posted all throughout the town, but if you can avoid getting caught by them, you may do as you will. But, in exchange for letting you go, you must not cast any sort of status boosting magic on this man.”
“Ah, you underhanded bastard! Hey, Aqua, this is just a trick to divide us! Don’t listen to her, hurry up and buff me!”
“… ”
In response, Aqua wordlessly took a step back.
And then…
“… So-sorry, Kazuma, I think my chances of escaping will be higher if there’s someone else to occupy them… Plus, if you were to escape, the second richest adventurer in this town will probably be me. If that were to happen, the number of tax collectors chasing after me would increase…”
Really, why is she only smart at the most inconvenient of times?
“Okay, I got it, Aqua. If you buff me, I’ll tell you a method that’s guaranteed to let you safely escape on your own. What do you think of that?”
“… Just a while ago, you abandoned us to live a luxurious life at the capital. Do you really expect me to just trust you now?”
I can’t even retort.
“O-Okay, fine, I’ll tell you that method right now. If you think it’s workable, then just buff my strength or speed, either one would do. Just buff me!”
“I… Okay, fine, tell me what to do.”
I carefully whispered into Aqua’s ear.
Then…
“Kazuma, let’s meet up at the mansion if we both manage to escape. I’ll buff both your strength and speed!”
Aqua said as she applied her spells upon me.
After that, she applied her magic upon herself before breaking out of the chaotic encirclement and running off towards the town.
“I don’t know what you told her, but she sure seems quite confident in her chances.”
Darkness, who has been quietly listening to our exchange, casually commented.
Why is she so relaxed?
“You sure are relaxed, aren’t you? I won’t lose to you in strength after being buffed. I’m going to drain your magic until you pass out, then pick you up like a piece of luggage and run off.”
“Save those words for when you actually manage to lift me up.”
Darkness replied with a fearless smile upon her face, raising both arms in the sky as though she was daring me to pick her up if I could.
Accepting that challenge, I moved to pick Darkness up…
“U-umm, Darkness-san? Doing something like this in public is… making me j-just a little nervous…”
“D-Don’t say that, you’ll make me nervous too…”
While face to face with Darkness, I hugged her around the waist and tried to lift her…
“Why aren’t you moving at all?”
Hearing my words, Darkness laughed as though she was declaring her victory.
“Ha, this operation has been in the works for quite some time. I originally intended for it to take place at the start of this month, but a lot of things have been happening recently… And just when things started to calm down for a bit, you declared that you wouldn’t be returning home. You really gave me a headache back then.”
How could this happen? I really underestimated this girl.
I only regarded her as a sheltered noble lady. I completely underestimated her resolve.
“But we managed to make it in time…! Plus, from the moment we started planning this operation, I knew that you would try and escape. It’s my job to nail down such high income adventurers like you. In preparation for this day-!”
“In preparation for this day… ! You-you didn’t deliberately fatten yourself for this, did you!? I know you were worried about how well-defined your abs were, but I didn’t expect you deliberately add more flab to—!?”
Darkness abruptly pulled on my arm before I managed to finish my sentence.
“I’m wearing weights! Look! I tied a ton of weights to myself under my clothes! See! Do you see them!?”
Darkness hastily opened her shirt to reveal that she was indeed wearing a series of lead, or perhaps something heavier, weights underneath.
… Wait, did she walk all the way here in that condition?
But this is bad. This is really bad.
“D-Damnit! Guild lady, I thought you were on our side!”
“I’m sorry, but I’m also a civil servant. We won’t get our summer bonus if we don’t do this. I’m very sorry!”
Cries like that echoed all throughout the guild hall. Several of the adventurers I recognised have already been captured.
The adventurers who have completed their taxes gathered listlessly over at the tables next to the hall.
Megumin was there as well, leisurely sipping the tea that the guild workers brought over for her.
“Dammit, why did you come up with such a convoluted scheme? At this point you might as well just barge into the houses of rich folks and start taking anything that looks valuable!”
“No, I can’t do that. People would buy volatile explosive potions, put them in places where tax collectors are likely to search and bait them into setting them off. Then after the potions detonate, they would sue the tax collectors for property damage and demand a large amount of compensation…”
The number of adventurers struggling with the civil servants around me is starting to thin.
This isn’t good. It won’t be long now before my turn comes up…
“… It doesn’t seem like you have any intention of moving. Is there really no room for discussion? Knowing your personality, a bribe probably wouldn’t convince you.”
Hearing my words, Darkness furrowed her brow.
“Don’t be silly, Kazuma. The Dustiness house will not make allowances for anyone nor tolerate any form of corruption. Just give it up—”
“STEAL!”
I stole a single weight from Darkness as she was speaking.
As I carelessly threw it aside, Darkness said.
“… Hey, Kazuma, your Steal has a high chance of targeting a lady’s underwear. Let’s not do something like that in front of so many people. Cease your resistance and just pay the tax—”
“STEAL!”
Oops, I missed.
The item I received is a set of black tights that Darkness was just wearing.
Watching me sneakily stuff it into my pocket, Darkness whispered.
“… Are you serious?”
“Yeah, I am. I’ll make you lighter by any means possible, even if I end up stripping you naked, then after that I’ll lift you up and run away.”
…
“Ah, High-Earner Satou Kazuma-san, yes? Please come with me… Ah, he ran away! Even Lady Dustiness who was responsible for his capture is running away!?”
Together with Darkness, we broke out of the encirclement formed by the guild workers.
“Aah, I ran away… I ran away to protect my own modesty… Even though it’s my job to make sure this guy pays his taxes even at the cost of my life…”
Darkness whimpered, her face on the verge of tears, as she ran beside me, tossing away her weights as she went.
I’m really impressed that she is able to run while wearing that many weights.
“Hey, stop moping around and let’s go! I can’t believe you tossed away the key to the handcuffs in the mansion’s yard before you left! Are you an idiot? We’re heading out of town.”
“… I’m well aware of your high luck. If I had the key on me, I get the feeling that you’ll easily be able to steal it… Anyway, there’s already people posted at the gates, so you should give up on that plan. Why don’t you just stop struggling? I think you are much more manly now that you are rich than when you were being ridden with debts.”
“Shut up, I don’t need to hear that from you!”
With Darkness chained to me, we snuck through the back alleys.
We stand out a lot like this.
There’s no way we could possibly use the main streets.
In the first place, most of the adventurers arrived fully armed. They were summoned with an emergency announcement, after all.
When they are dressed like this, anyone would be able to easily identify them at a glance.
Damn those guild workers and tax collectors. They sure thought this through.
Why did I even come back to this town? God damn it!
Though, it’s really more like I was sent back, but…!
You better remember this, white suit! And wait for me, my little sister…!
Ah, I want to see Iris.
Why do I have to scurry around this heartless town while chained to this woman?
For now, I need to find somewhere to hide in and buy some time.
I wonder if Aqua managed to escape successfully.
Megumin’s probably relaxing back at the guild right now.
And this girl is…
“Ha…”
While I was thinking about such matters, Darkness let out a tired sigh and squatted down, acting as though she was too tired to move.
“Hey, aren’t you the iron lady who’s so proud of her own stamina? There’s no way you could be worn out after just running such a short distance, stop messing around and stand up.”
“Who are you calling an iron lady? … Lalatina-sama is a dainty lady. She can’t walk anymore. Hmph!”
Darkness whined in a sickeningly sweet tone that I’ve never heard her use before. I roughly pulled on the chain connecting the two of us.
“… I’ll stand up and run properly. So pull hard on my chain again, just like you’re planning to drag me off… When the cuff bites into my wrist…”
“E-Even at a time like this, you…”
Looking at Darkness blushing and fidgeting before me, I had half a mind to just give up and pay my taxes. Then-
“I found them! Over there! Lady Dustiness has him restrained! That man is the perverted brute of Axel! Send for more people! Don’t let him escape!”
I heard a shout echoing from some distance away.
“Ah, dammit! Let’s go Darkness! Don’t you dare hold me back! If you start doing anything funny, I’ll use Steal on you!”
After hearing such a warning…
“… Ka-Kazuma, after imagining you exposing me in front of such a large crowd, I’m starting to feel like it might not be a bad experience. Am I really hopeless?”
“Yes, you are! You’ve been hopeless since the day we met!”
The tax collectors swarmed towards us!
—The time’s probably around evening.
It’s almost time for civil servants to be getting off work.
Right now, I’m sitting on a cold, stone floor.
And, opposite me, Darkness is sitting atop a soft, cushioned chair with a dejected expression
In a soft voice, she said.
“… You sly bastard…”
I’m fine with being a sly bastard.
“I’ll be happier if you just honestly told me that I’m smart.”
“You bastard! How could you use such underhanded means? Normally people would just think of a way to escape from the town… What should I do? If word of this gets out, the other nobles will end up resorting to the same thing when they are unable to escape in time.”
Darkness angrily said.
“That’s a problem for the state… In the first place, you should’ve just used your position to push through some new laws to patch these loopholes. That would’ve solved things handily.”
I said to Darkness as I hugged my knees.
Currently, we are held in the safest place in the entire town.
The highest authority in the town, and the ally of law abiding citizens that detains criminals in the name of justice.
Yes, we are in the detention cells of the police station.
“Different departments of the government don’t get along with each other. This is a given no matter what country you go to.”
“You sly bastard! You sly bastard! Damn you!”
While we were chased by the tax collectors, I burst into the nearest police station and used steal on a random female policeman.
The charge is theft and public indecency.
I’ll leave what I stole to your imagination.
“Uuu… How could those policemen be so hard headed… They are funded through tax money too… They happily handed over the handcuffs when I asked for them, so why are they so inflexible now…? And you! Just the other day, you called the police on Aqua in order to get back into the house, and now you’re purposefully committing a petty crime in order to escape the tax collectors! Just what are you…!”
Darkness lamented with an anguished expression.
“Ah, it’s really fortunate that I’m chained together with you. Thanks to you, it seems like we’ll be able to return home by tonight.”
“Shut up!”
After I was arrested, I was thrown into the cells despite the tax collector’s protests.
The tax collectors and the police had a long discussion afterwards, but in the end the police refused to hand me over.
I don’t know if it’s because of Darkness’s presence, or just because I’m a first time offender, but they told me that I’ll be released after the interrogation..
The interrogation is already over, and now they are just dealing with the paperwork.
Thanks to that, it looks like I’ll be able to go home by tonight.
Due to the fact that we were handcuffed together, even though she isn’t a criminal, Darkness had no choice but to be locked up in the cells together with me. Well, they did give her a chair to sit on, but still.
Time passes, and soon the sun has set beyond the horizon.
A voice called out to Darkness and I.
“Get out, you’re getting released. I’ll be sending you home… My apologies for troubling Lady Dustiness so. Please, come this way.”
“I’m home… What, you didn’t manage to escape, Aqua?”
The moment Darkness and I entered the mansion, we’re greeted by the sight of Aqua sobbing into the sofa, while Megumin tried to comfort her.
After I went out of my way to tell her about the surefire way to escape that only she could use.
“Ah, welcome back, Kazuma. No, it seemed like she managed to avoid capture until the time limit, but…”
Megumin said with troubled expression as she gently petted Aqua on the head.
Aqua muttered between sobs.
“Uuu… uu… I did as Kazuma suggested and headed for the water purification plant… but I got discovered on the way there… I had no choice but to jump into the small pool they use for agriculture… Then… Then!”
The method I taught her was to dive into the main reservoir at the town’s water purification plant and remain submerged until evening.
Aqua’s a goddess of water after all, she can breathe underwater and wouldn’t feel uncomfortable.
I thought no one would be able to lay a hand on her if she’s submerged in the main reservoir.
“From what I’ve heard, the tax collectors tried to force her out by bombarding the pool with fire magic to boil her out. Fortunately, the sun set before they managed to do so, but Aqua seems to be really shaken by it. She’s been crying non stop…”
The tax collectors in this country sure are merciless.
… I thought it was a pretty good plan, but did I unintentionally do more harm than good?
“… Oh? You still haven’t unlocked that handcuff connecting the both of you?”
Megumin said while looking at our hands.
True, this handcuff was originally borrowed from the police station.
I tried to get them to unlock it as we were released from the police station, but…
“To prevent a criminal from easily freeing themselves if they get their hands on a key, each set of handcuffs has a unique key… And the key to this one is…”
Darkness muttered shyly before trailing off. As she did so, I continued.
“Somewhere out in the yard because of this idiot. She didn’t want me to be able to easily steal it, and she doesn’t remember where she threw the key. When it’s this dark out, even with my night vision, there’s no way I would be able to find a small key hidden somewhere out in the middle of the yard. There’s no choice but to wait til tomorrow morning and get her to look for it.”
“… Oh, does that mean that the two of you will have to take a bath together, go to the toilet together, and sleep together tonight? How nice.”
Megumin said that…
Said… that…
….
“…”
Darkness and I silently stared at each other.
END OF CHAPTER 2
TL: Cannongerbil
Editing: Uranophane, Ulti, Keel the swift
A constant clacking noise filled my ears.
As clumsy as Darkness is, she usually elegantly eats her meals without making a sound.
I don’t know if it’s because Darkness is nervous or something else, but she was being uncharacteristically noisy with her cutlery.
Currently, we are in the middle of dinner.
“Kazuma-san, could you pass the soy sauce?”
“Ah, sure…”
I picked up the bottle with my left hand and was about to pass it to Aqua when…
“Ah!”
Darkness’ cry reminded me that my left hand was still chained to her right.
When I passed the soy sauce over to Aqua, Darkness’s hand was also dragged along with mine.
“Ah, sorry…”
“N-no, it’s fine…”
Hearing my apology, Darkness replied in a soft voice.
“Thanks.”
Aqua paid no heed to our situation, simply thanking me as she received the soy sauce.
She had been crying all evening after being traumatised by the tax collectors, but by now there’s almost no trace of any of that ever happening.
From the way she dug into her meal, it’s almost like she’s forgotten about that incident entirely.
I almost envy how quickly she is able to regain her usual demeanour.
If she was the one who was chained to me…
“…I-I’m full…”
Perhaps due to her nervousness, Darkness softly said that after eating only a small portion of her meal, a slight blush playing on her face.
Megumin responded to Darkness.
“…What are the two are you so nervous for? We’ve known each other for quite some time, haven’t we? After becoming such close friends, what’s the big deal with sleeping together? If you are worried about being alone, Aqua and I can join you as well. It’d be good to have all four of us sleeping together, wouldn’t it?”
“P-Please do…”
Without realizing it, Darkness and I both answered at the same time.
Hearing that, Darkness raised an eyebrow.
“…Hey, as a woman, it’s acceptable for me to want Megumin to accompany me… but what excuse would a man like you have for wanting the same thing? At the end of the day, I’m still a lady, so hearing that doesn’t sit well with me.”
In response to Darkness who said such a bothersome thing,
“No, I know there’s no way I could get anything out of sleeping with you. I too would like Megumin and Aqua to be around to avoid any unnecessary misunderstandings. Knowing your personality, you’ll probably end up hugging me in your sleep and I’ll end up waking up with broken ribs.”
“W-What are you saying!? What kind of world would a person capable of doing that in her sleep even exist in?”
Rather than spending the night being too tense to sleep, I would rather have Aqua and Megumin join us.
After all, the four of us have slept together while travelling, and Aqua has even slept in the same stall with me back when we were living in the stables. The four of us sleeping together now isn’t a big deal.
“Oh, speaking of which, I think this would be the first time the four of us spent the night in the same room in this mansion. How about I entertain you all with some ghost stories before we go to bed?”
“N-no, I think I’ll pass on that…”
“Y-Yeah, this place used to be haunted, you know? It’s best not to talk about ghost stories in a place like this.”
Thinking back on the chaos caused by the evil spirits when we first moved in, Megumin and I shuddered.
…Then.
“Seriously, you call yourselves adventures yet you’re scared of a few ghost stories? It’s no wonder we’ve been receiving petitions about adventurers becoming cowards lately. I really wish you guys would straighten up.”
Darkness exasperatedly said that.
…Hmm…
“…Come to think of it, you’ve been saying that the adventurers have all gotten lazy recently… And petitions? Oh yeah, your house is currently ruling over this town, right?”
In response to my question, Darkness said.
“I’m sure you’re aware of the situation. Now that the adventurers in this town have gotten rich, they’ve become unwilling to take on quests. We’ve managed to clear the quests that were piled up somehow, but they won’t change their behaviour that easily. Even now, the number of monsters close to the town have been steadily increasing. But with this, everyone will want to work a little harder-”
“Wait, hold on. Are you saying that this situation is because all the adventurers in this town became NEETs? Then, the reason that this emergency summon is the first time any of us heard about having to pay taxes after being exempted for so long is because…”
Darkness chuckled.
“Seems like you understand. It’d be a different story if they continued to protect the town as they did before, but there’s no need to extend any special considerations to a bunch of NEETs. This special operation is to both raise funds and deal with the NEETs in this town. The guild workers should be quite pleased with this. We’ve managed to increase tax revenue, and we’ve also lit a fire under the adventurers who’ve been living a leisurely lifestyle. I’m sure the population of monsters around the town will decrease from now on. But don’t worry, the money we got from the adventurers will all be used on the adventurers—”
“Hold on a minute!”
I abruptly stood up, pulling on the chain connecting us both.
Of course, Darkness was dragged up to her feet along with me.
“What, are you saying that I got chased around the town for half a day for such a stupid reason? To kick all these newly rich and lazy adventurers back into gear?”
Even if I was let off lightly for being a first time offender, I still ended up getting arrested. And to think that the person who caused me to become a criminal is standing right in front of me…
“Nonsense! What do you mean by stupid? Labour and taxes are the duty of the citizens in this country! What’s wrong with collecting the taxes that we are owed from people who refuse to work? This country does not need NEETs! Those who can work but refuse to should be thrown out with the garbage!”
“There’s a party member denying the life I’ve led up till this point!”
Darkness and I started grappling with each other. Seeing the two of us quarrelling, Megumin said in an exasperated voice.
“… It doesn’t seem likely for anything to happen between you two, so I think I’ll let you sleep alone tonight. And while you’re at it, take this chance to bond a little.”
What comes after dinner would obviously be…
Yes, of course, it’d be to take a bath. Such is customary for all Japanese.
“Stop fooling around! Japanese need to take a bath every day or they’ll shrivel up and die! I’m not like you fancy bath-hating nobles who would rather try and cover up their body odor with perfumes! If you understand that, then stop getting in my way!”
“Wha-What are you saying! Even us nobles would take a bath every day! Just what country do such bath-hating nobles exist in?! … It’s just, considering our situation, I think it’d be better to forgo a bath and instead wipe our bodies down…”
Darkness strongly objected to my comments.
“After working up such a sweat running across half the town, I really will die if I don’t take a bath! It’s not like I’m asking you to join me, go ahead and wipe yourself off with a wet towel or something while I soak in the tub.”
“N-no, taking a bath means you’ll be naked… While I’m wiping myself off in a half-naked state, you’ll be fully naked…”
While we were arguing…
“It’s my turn! Magic Card: Swamp Magic. With this, Aqua’s monsters will not be able to take action for three turns.”
“…Uuu, I can’t do anything again. Pass.”
Megumin and Aqua ignored our squabble and were playing a card game on the table in the living room.
They’ve long given up on stopping us.
“I don’t really mind you seeing my naked body, so it’s fine. In fact, it’d be a reward in some ways, so you need not mind.”
“I’m saying I mind! What’s with that shameless personality of yours? Why don’t you try considering what I would feel when I see your naked body?”
“My turn. Magic Card: Explosion. My opponent instantly disintegrates.”
“Waah! Megumin, you’re really abusing those spell cards! This is the third time I’ve lost without being able to do anything!”
Ignoring the two who were playing without a care in the world, I took the still protesting Darkness and moved to the bathroom with a change of clothes.
I already prepared the bath in advance while Aqua and Megumin were making dinner..
I quickly moved to remove my clothes…
“… What do I do about this? I can’t remove my shirt while I’m still handcuffed… Let’s just cut it. This shirt is pretty worn out anyway.”
Saying that, I cut the shirt that I was about to throw away with a dagger.
“… Do you really not care about stripping naked while I’m still next to you?”
Ignoring Darkness’s protests, I stripped down such that the only thing I was wearing were the handcuffs and a towel.
Darkness on the other hand only took a small towel with her and walked into the bathroom barefoot.
It seems like she was intent on simply wiping herself off while I soaked.
I cheerfully entered the bathroom, and Darkness shyly followed behind me.
Darkness sat back to back with me as I started washing my body before getting into the bath. While still wearing her shirt and dress, she submerged her towel and shyly moved it under her shirt to begin wiping herself off.
I quickly washed myself off and moved to the bathtub.
Of course, Darkness, who was handcuffed to me, was forced to follow along.
“Aah… It’s like all the troubles I went through today are being washed away. I almost can’t believe this…”
“… To boldly expose your naked body in front of a young noble maiden… No, there’s really nothing more I can say about your behaviour.”
Darkness sat on the wet edge of the bathtub, and submerged her chained right hand into the bath water.
She moved her right hand in the bathtub like she was stirring a pot of water.
“Do you think the adventurers will hate me?”
She sighed deeply.
“… Who knows? In the first place, nobody knows that this was carried out on your orders, right? Plus they were exempt them from taxes for all this time, so I doubt they’ll end up hating you that much. Then again, I did manage to escape, so maybe I’m not one to say.”
Hearing the reply I gave as I was lounging in the bath, Darkness signed in resignation.
“… I didn’t want to resort to doing this either. But to be honest, the finances of this country are in a bad enough shape that we have to resort to borrowing money from Elroad. The money that we took from them today will eventually find their way back to them many fold… If the adventurers took their jobs more seriously, I wouldn’t be doing this either…”
How unreasonable.
“You say that labour is a duty, but what’s wrong with not working after securing enough money to live comfortably? The work of an adventurer is extremely hazardous, you know? There exist a similar sentiment in my country that taxes and labour is the duty of the citizens, but even then there are a lot of folks like me who choose to become a NEET. Can’t you at least give us the freedom to choose what jobs we want?”
“I’m surprised your country hasn’t yet fallen to ruin like that… How should I put this, there’s a form of entertainment called manga where you come from, no? I recall you saying something like ‘if you have a talent for art, you can earn a living simply by drawing manga’ every so often… So, say there’s someone who draws manga. Then, suppose he ends up extremely rich by selling his manga. If that person were to say that he doesn’t care about completing his manga now that he has enough money to live comfortably for the rest of his life, wouldn’t that be a problem?”
… Of course it would.
… It would be a very big problem.
I won’t name names, but there are plenty of works whose status are in peril because of such people.
“There is a responsibility that comes with every job. This is the town of beginners. In order to help new adventurers find their footing, there are a lot of facilities in this town designed to aid them. They are given special treatment under the expectation that they’ll continue to protect the people and the country. Journeyman and veteran adventurers still keep their responsibilities in mind even if they become rich, but the beginners in this town are a little… I don’t know why, but there’s a strange school of thought that has taken root amongst the adventurers in this town.”
…?
“And that is?”
I casually asked while leisurely stretching my legs in the bath.
“Ah, for some reasons, stupid sayings like ‘If you work, you lose’ have been really popular amongst the adventurers of this town as of late.”
“…”
I think I have an idea of who exactly spread such sayings.
“…What’s wrong? Why have you gone silent? Seems like you have an idea of why this happened. So, do you have anything to say? Why don’t you share them with me?”
“…No, I don’t…”
That’s the exact same phrase that I’ve been sharing to the other other adventurers as of late.
Intermediate TLs: lolihunter2 叶子 サダメ
English TL: Uranophane
Editing: Cannongerbil, Ulti, Keel the swift
After coming out of the bath, the first thing we saw was a crying Aqua clinging on to Megumin.
“One more round! This will be the last one, so give me one more round!”
“I don’t want to. It’ll be the same no matter how many times you try. You’re no match for me. So, as promised, I’ll have you do a favour for me, okay?”
Seems like she was utterly trashed in the card game..
It’s pretty safe to say that Megumin is the undefeated champion at strategy games like chess and cards.
As expected of the Crimson Demons who are famed for their intelligence, though I still wish she would put it to more practical purposes.
“Well, it’s still early, but let’s go to sleep. That way we can wake up early tomorrow and go hunt for that key. Hopefully we’ll find it before we need to use the bathroom in the morning.”
“… S-sounds good.”
Darkness agreed blushingly.
We just had a bathroom break, but to prevent me from hearing anything, Darkness made me sing very loudly.
I feel like Megumin made me do something like this too back when the mansion was still infested with spirits.
I insisted that Darkness sing a song herself if she wanted privacy so badly, but I ended up singing anyway.
Because I felt that her request was highly unreasonable, I paused erratically as I sang to mess with her. In return, she stood wordlessly behind my back and shook my shoulder when I did my business.
And just as expected, we ended up fighting again afterwards. I’ve had enough of going through stupid things like this.
Let’s just go to bed early tonight and search for the key early next morning before we have to use the toilet.
“Well, we’re going to bed now. Are you sure you don’t want to join us, Aqua? Megumin?”
“The two of you can sleep alone tonight. Judging from how you were acting a while ago, it doesn’t seem like any kind of accidents will occur. Actually, it’d be better if you two could improve your relationship to the point where those kinds of accidents might occur. It’s about time you two acted more like adults.”
Megumin said with a disapproving expression, as though she was tired of our constant squabbling.
My heart skipped a beat after hearing her use the word adult. Could that be a sign to my inner chaos?
Is Megumin really okay with this? Weren’t we supposed to be more than friends now?
… Looking at Darkness next to me, it seems like I wasn’t the only one who was thinking too much.
From the way she was blushing, Darkness is probably imagining some kind of nasty scenario again. I interrupted her thoughts by giving the handcuff a sharp tug and rushed off towards the bedroom.
By the way, because of the handcuff around my left wrist, I couldn’t put on a shirt.
So I’m currently half naked.
It’s warm in the mansion, so I shouldn’t have to worry about catching a cold if I wrap myself up properly with the blanket.
Naturally, I’m sleeping in my own bedroom.
Because my left hand is cuffed to Darkness’s right, I have to take the right half of the bed.
I collapsed onto the bed as soon as I went in.
“…Don’t you make any moves on me just because you can see my bare sexy chest.”
“As if I would! You’re the king of sexual harassment. I should be the one worrying about you trying to rub yourself all over me.”
I turned my back on the insecure Darkness and said,
“G’night.”
“Hey! What? Are really just gonna go to sleep like that? …Y-you’re… really sleeping?”
Hearing those words from Darkness, I pulled the blanket over my head.
… How long have I been asleep for?
I seemed to have turned over sometime in my sleep, so now I’m face to face with Darkness.
The moment I opened my eyes, Darkness’ stern, sleeping face filled my vision.
My forehead was pressing against hers.
Her face was inches before my eyes.
… Actually.
“… What were you trying to do?”
“!?”
I casually asked Darkness who had pushed herself so close to me.
Darkness’ body twitched after hearing my words, but her eyes remained closed.
“…Zzzzzzzz……ZZzzzzzz………..”
“Hey, stop pretending to sleep. You just… “
As I spoke, I felt something off about my neck. I touched it with my right hand…
For some reason, it’s damp.
That means…!
“You…! You licked my neck!? You licked my neck and did things to my body while I was asleep, didn’t you!?”
“N-no! You’re wrong! I didn’t go that far! Really, I didn’t! It’s really not like that!”
In response, Darkness jumped up, her face instantly blushing as tears started to form in her eyes.
Still rubbing my damp neck, I said,
“What do you mean ‘You’re wrong’? Won’t you explain how my neck got wet then!? I know your hormones are raging, but never thought you would try something like this on my defenceless body while I slept…!”
Darkness furiously signalled for me to keep quiet by pressing her finger against her lips,
“Y-you’re being too loud! No…! I really didn’t do anything! Um, I woke up to find my face buried in your neck! Then, my drool inadvertently dripped onto it…! I thought I should wipe it off, but when I see you chained to me with such a defenseless sleeping face… For some reasons, a strong wave of shame and guilt washed over me… then I got increasingly aroused and…!”
So she was indeed about to do things to me.
I sat up and checked my body.
“… Oh, my belt is still there … You really didn’t do anything… “
“Wh-why do you sound like you’re a little disappointed…”
I don’t know what got her so aroused, but her skin had a visibly reddened sheen and her breaths were shallow.
“… I knew you were a huge pervert with an extremely erotic body, but I didn’t expect you to actually try something on me at night. You were also planning on going all the way with me back when you tried to drug me, didn’t you? Maybe I should really start calling you Slutiness.”
“D-don’t do that…! …Un…Uuu! …M-my heart started racing after being scolded and called a pervert and slut by you… Am I really hopeless…?”
“You’re worrying about that now? You’ve been hopeless since the day we met.”
As I talked, I tidied up the messy blankets and carefully laid back down.
Though she still seemed to be embarrassed, Darkness followed suit.
“… Thinking back, when I first met you, I didn’t think I’d ever be in a position to chat about such crude topics with you. I was a woman of fewer words back then, even worse at socializing than I am currently… Furthermore, I was also more actively trying to keep my distance from you…“
In this silent and dimly lit room.
Darkness said those things to me.
“Well, you are a Lady; you were most likely forbidden from getting close to anyone… From my first impression, you were more stern and quiet; someone who would never lecture me—and of course—would never fight with me. Even though you were lewd and had some strange attributes, the past you still came across as being more mature…”
Hearing me talk to the ceiling, Darkness couldn’t help but giggle.
“My first impression was that you are a little dishonest, yet diligent; someone who stays away from shady businesses, a reliable, determined and gentle person.”
She turned to me on the bed and talked to my cheek.
“For some reason, I feel like you’re making it sound as if I’m actually a brute of a man who’s no longer diligent, determined or reliable and would readily get involved in shady businesses.”
“That is exactly what I meant…?”
Darkness laughed again.
“… Say, Kazuma,”
She said in the same tone she would use when trading small talk with someone.
“?”
I turned my head towards Darkness.
“… Do you like Megumin?”
It must have been cloudy outside..
Even though there should be a full moon tonight, very little light made it through the windows.
Possibly from the lack of light, I couldn’t clearly make out Darkness’ expression.
However…
“… S-sorry, did I ask something strange?.”
I could still sense the slight redness on Darkness’ smooth skin as she bashfully said.
If you suddenly spring such a question on me…
“Well, there’s no way I can hate her, so, yeah, I do like her. Of course, I like Aqua and you too.”
When I finished, the mood took an abrupt dip.
“… You’re saying that you like me… not as a lover… but as a friend, right?”
In the pitch black room, Darkness muttered to herself in a voice tinged with loneliness.
… Eh, what’s going on?
I have a bad feeling about where this is going.
A very bad feeling, in fact.
Even a virgin like me who’s never dated a girl before can tell.
I shouldn’t let this conversation go on.
It definitely will not end well.
What the hell is happening? I’m a virgin who hasn’t even seen a pair of naked breasts before. First Megumin, and now this. How did things end up like this?
How could this happen? I’m a guy who has never even kissed a girl before, so why am I facing these kind of chad-like situations?
As I anxiously contemplated how I should answer her question, Darkness gently tugged on the cuffs on her right wrist.
It was only a quick, light tug.
Of course, my chained left hand naturally followed.
“Say… you like Megumin… romantically, right?”
As she spoke, Darkness held my left hand with both of hers.
I took in the soft and warm sensation of her touch.
At the same time, I frantically searched for a suitable answer.
The relationship Megumin and I have is one that is more than friends, but not yet lovers.
This is supposed to be a secret to the other two, but Darkness probably sensed it.
… She sensed that my attitude towards Megumin changed…
“… I-I don’t know. To be honest, I don’t really understand it myself. However, I definitely don’t dislike her. I guess you could say I like her romantically. Just being with her makes me feel at ease… How should I put this… When I’m with her—for some reason—I just feel like I can relax.”
Without much thought, I blurted out such things.
That was probably how I truly felt.
I don’t normally pay attention to it, but I know. Every time she pokes a little fun at me, every time we accomplish something big, she takes up a little more of my heart.
Staring straight at each other in this dimly lit room, I told all my thoughts to her word-for-word.
Why did I do that?
I’m not even sure how I managed to convey all that to her without stuttering.
I just laid it out as it were.
“… I see.”
She whispered only that short phrase in response, then gently placed my hand back onto my chest.
With that, Darkness turned her back on me.
……
After that, Darkness just silently lied there.
… Just when I feel like saying ‘Hey, come on and say something’,
“Everything’s pretty great as it is.”
Darkness said that.
What does she mean?
Before I could ask—
“… Everything’s pretty great as it is. Aqua makes a mistake and won’t stop wailing, you then go ‘where would you be without me’ and babysit her. Megumin breaks something with her magic, you proceed to go apologize with her. I spit out something stupid, and you then come lecture me… “
Darkness started a perplexing monologue with her back still faced to me.
“Packing lunch for everyone as we accompany Megumin on her daily trip to somewhere like a lake as you did this morning. I start arguing with you over pointless matters. Then Aqua suddenly wants to go travel somewhere. Hearing that, you complain while at the same time formulating an itinerary for everyone in your mind…”
Darkness’ voice began to tremble slightly.
“Then, every now and then, you agree to go on a vacation, yet at the destination, something else would make it all go south…”
I reached for Darkness’ shoulder.
“H-Hey, what’s wrong? Calm down.”
I said as I tried to turn her over.
“… But, if you got together with someone, everything would be different. There’d be no way things will remain like this… Why can’t we just stay like this? Forever like this… To pay back the debt, you use everything you have up your sleeve to raise the money… and encounter some unexpected, powerful enemy in the process, with everyone barely making it out alive in the end… Why can’t just keep things as they are?”
But Darkness adamantly refused to turn around, instead continuing with her monologue.
… Then.
“You want a lover, right? …Does that really have to be Megumin?”
With her back still towards me, Darkness said in a soft voice.
“N-no… it’s not that I want a lover…”
My words caught in my throat.
“If you simply want a woman to screw… Can’t I be that woman? I can go along with anything you wish, no matter what it is, I’ll endure it.”
What is this idiot saying?
“Are you making fun of me? I can get mad too, you know? It’s not like that, it’s… um…”
The words caught in my throat once again.
What do I really want?
…I noticed Darkness’ shoulder trembling.
“… You’re really acting weird today. Really, what’s wrong? Come on, let’s just go to sleep. Sleep, and we can deal with this tomorrow….”
Before I could finish.
Darkness suddenly turned around.
“…Uuuu-”
Her face made me gasp in surprise.
She’s crying.
Tears streamed out from Darkness’ eyes.
Darkness tightly gripped the hand I placed on her shoulder.
“Why can’t I work…? Wh-why can’t I w-work …?”
She said amidst tears.
I kept my hand on Darkness’ shoulder as she cried like a little child. Try as I might, but I just couldn’t say anything.
Who knows how long we remained like this.
After composing herself, Darkness lightly pulled my hand off her shoulder.
“… Well, that was unsightly.”
Still sobbing, Darkness shyly said at a volume barely above a whisper while looking at me with bloodshot eyes.
How should I even handle this kind of situation? Dealing with a crying girl is way out of my league.
And this is completely different from the kind of crying Aqua did every day.
I just couldn’t find anything to say.
In the first place, I didn’t even fully understand why she started suddenly crying. It’s probably why I’m still a virgin.
Darkness stared at me intently with her puffy eyes.
She’s waiting for me to speak.
Just what should I say?
I could only mutely stare at her in panic. Head drooped low, Darkness continued with her monologue.
“… Back then, I was already taken by that Lord. But you saved me from his clutches. You saved me and gave me freedom… So now all I wish is to be able to protect you, to provide you a blissful life. As long as everyone can live on like this, I’m satis…”
…
“So you would sacrifice yourself? Are you stupid? It’s the same thing you tried with Alderp! Don’t just solve every problem by sacrificing yourself! Don’t misjudge me, Darkness! I’m not someone who seeks a lover just to do those things, nor am I the kind of person who’s fine with anyone as long as they are willing to become my lover… Um… Megumin confessed to me a quite while ago. Ever since then I, slowly, without me noticing… started to pay more and more attention to her. Eventually, I thought… ah, so I love Megumin too… It’s something I only recently realized… ”
I don’t even know what I wanted to say. Darkness kept her head down and listened silently.
“… I also…”
Her head still kept low,
“… I like you too.”
She suddenly said that…
Even though I knew at the back of my head that it was coming, I let out a confused gasp.
“… At first, I simply had the hunch that you were the type of guy I’d like… You… being average-looking, perverted, and seeming to be the kind of trash who only wants a lazy life without doing anything of value. Reluctant to work, and drinking from dawn to midnight, and eventually coming down with a mountain of debt… hehe.”
Oh, right, her type was those delinquents with no redeeming qualities.
At the very least, I can tell that this isn’t a compliment.
“Don’t forget that you played a part in landing me into debt too.”
Darkness then chuckled and said,
“Then, should I pay back those debts with my body?”
“Sorry, I’ll never say things like that again, sorry.”
Seeing me instantly regret my stupidity, Darkness couldn’t help but laugh aloud.
She then continued with her head turned down,
“… Every time I see you face against all kinds of powerful enemies and come out victorious, it always makes me feel energetic and refreshed. That magic sword user who was stronger and more experienced than you. The Demon Generals who were stronger than you by orders of magnitude. If I start counting the number of times you’ve exceeded my expectations, it’ll never end… When you tossed money at that corrupt Lord’s face, I became truly obsessed with you.”
……
I guess that counts as a compliment.
“… You might have been hopeless initially, but you changed quickly. No matter who what enemy you faced, you, who has the weakest job, with no particularly powerful equipment to back you up. With just a basic bow and a strangely named sword, yet with just these you were able to overcome any obstacle, no matter how impossible they seemed. Then, before we realized it, you’ve managed to clear that astronomical debt…”
Just hearing Darkness’ words made me feel many times more confident in my strength; it’s unbelievable.
“I don’t know when it happened, but you eventually slipped outside of my strike zone. Although you have been lazing around doing nothing of importance and drinking all day recently… I don’t know when, but you no longer feel like the sort of trashy man that I liked.”
What’s happening?
“… I like you. At first because you were scummy and I liked scumbags, so it was a perfect fit. However, as time went on… my type shifted to just you. No matter what you turn into, I would always like you.”
What’s happening? This is bad.
I’m glad.
I’m really very happy.
“… I like you… yet you say that you love Megumin. Even then, I still like you… and Megumin. Aqua, too. I feared that the things I just said would destroy the harmony within our party, so I was originally going to keep them to myself, but…”
Darkness lifted her head.
And said while staring directly at me…
“What Megumin’s mother said the other day… Megumin phrased it like this, right? Wanting to become more than friends?”
… With her tear-stained, puffed up eyes.
Her face glistened with wet trails.
“It seems like I’m a weak woman after all. Even though I like Megumin too… It hurts whenever I consider that she might take you away from me.”
She looked like a scared little girl, almost as if she was afraid that she was about to lose something important.
“… Kazuma… Will I… really… not work…?”
She asked with a stutter, as if she’s afraid of hearing my answer.
Ah, this is bad.
I’m overjoyed.
I couldn’t believe that Darkness actually confessed to me. That makes me really happy.
… But while I’m overjoyed.
My heart still hurts like hell.
“Darkness… um… “
My chest hurts.
It really hurts.
“Darkness, I don’t hate you. Looking back, this is the first time an older girl as beautiful as you has confessed to me.”
It hurts.
The more I talk, the more it hurts.
Damn, why can’t this world be like those eroges?
I tried to suppress the tear-jerking pain while staring at Darkness’ teary, upward-pointed face point-blank.
“… I never came close to anything like romance in the country I’m from. Back then, I’ve always felt that I’d probably end up being single forever… that I’d probably never get the chance to chat properly with a girl… And here you are telling me that you like me for who I am. How could I not be happy?”
Darkness gazed at me anxiously, trying to see through me and get my true intentions.
… My heart hurts, it hurts so bad that I might burst into tears.
Just like in light novels, in games.
Like in harem manga.
“… But… I’m sorry. I already have someone in my heart. I’m not thick-skinned enough that I can go ‘I love you too’ under this circumstance, and I’m not experienced enough to be able to go out with two girls simultaneously. I’m not that trashy of a person. I can’t be with you.”
If I’m in an alternate world, it’d be great if I could go for polygamy.
Arriving at a happy ending without needing to choose would be great.
But these thoughts are nothing but empty wishes.
Darkness closed her eyes and looked back down—
—I wonder how long we spent in silence.
Finally, Darkness spoke up,
“…Thank you for answering me honestly… Sorry for all the trouble.”
While saying that…
Darkness pushed herself up and smiled with relief.
It was the familiar, confident smile.
A smile that’s both gentle and resolute.
As if her worries have dissipated, Darkness brushed her forelocks aside and stood up. With a refreshed face, she brought her hands to her waist.
Then, she gracefully flashed me that confident smile of hers again.
Before turning away cleanly and showing me her back.
“… Then I’ll be leaving, Kazuma. See you tomorrow… Seems like I still like you after all. You could’ve simply went with the flow and deceived me, yet you still went out of your way to give me a clear answer… ”
Saying that, Darkness headed for the door…
Hey, wait…!
The chain clanged.
Perhaps because her brain overheated from what happened earlier, Darkness completely forgot that we’re still cuffed together. She tried to spit a cool one-liner to end it all then leave the room.
“Gahh!?”
Her right arm was violently yanked back by my left.
Pulling my upper body along, she spun around like a top before plummeting head-first onto the bed.
……
I can’t tell if she’s hurt or not.
She simply stopped moving as soon as her face hit the bed.
“… Hey, are you okay…?”
In response, Darkness drooped her head low as to not let me see her face and kneeled on the carpet.
Then, she hid her face between her knees.
On a closer look, her shoulders are trembling slightly.
Then, I noticed that the small portion of her ears that were sticking out had turned cherry red, possibly out of embarrassment…
“… Pffft!”
“!?”
I just couldn’t hold back my laughter any longer.
“I’m going to kill you! I’ll kill you then myself right after!”
“Just to get revived by Aqua in the morning, right? I get it! It’s my bad for laughing at you! But I couldn’t really help it. It’s your fault too! How could I not laugh after seeing such a scene play out after a tense moment?”
We’re currently in the middle of a midnight chained deathmatch.
“I was really serious! If a woman gathered her courage to confess, no matter how stupid she ends up looking, any man who laughs at her deserves to be killed! …Ah, right, it’s you we are talking about… If anyone would do something like that, it’d be you! Hey, at least let me hit you once!”
How unreasonable!
“You… But… Because…! You tried to leave with such a serious face… ! Pffft…. Hahaha…!”
“I am going to kill you!”
Remembering what just happened, Darkness lunged at me as I once again burst out into laughter.
“I-I’m sorry! I understand, I understand! I’m my fault! It’s my fault for laughing at you! Just one punch! Would you forgive me if I took a hit from you!?”
Hearing my suggestion, Darkness lowered her fist.
“… I see. Stand still and close your eyes, then.”
She said while taking heavy breaths.
How scary.
This is really scary.
Damn, even from the monstrously strong Darkness, I could take at least one punch, right!?
I can take it…!
I can… probably take it…!
“Here goes. You’re prepared for this, right?”
Darkness audibly readied her stance before me as I held my eyes shut.
I resolved myself.
“B-bring it!”
As I said that, I felt something brush against my cheeks.
My body reflexively twitched in shock the moment I felt that, before I realized that it was Darkness’s hand, stroking my cheek.
The moment I did, something soft pressed against my lips.
“… !?”
Even though I’ve never been kissed before, I knew right away what touched me even with my eyes closed.
The moment I opened my eyes, I was presented with an angry-looking Darkness, yet blushing beet-red all the way to her ears, her left hand stroking my cheek.
Then, as she moved away from me, I briefly saw Darkness’ tongue stick out to lick the part of her lips that touched mine.
“You… You… !”
I feel like I should complain about this, but what do I even say?
Before I could find the right words, Darkness pulled my left arm over by the chain.
She grabbed my wrist and whispered into my ear,
“… I was going to quietly accept my defeat, but I’ve just changed my mind. I’m older than you and Megumin, also a noble. Starting tomorrow, I will adhere to my standards and respect your personal space. However, right now… “
After sending a chill down my spine with those words, she grabbed my hand and pushed me down onto the bed!
“Hey, wh-what’re you doing, Darkness!? Wait! No, this is bad! This is bad in every possible sense!”
As I was held down against the bed by Darkness, I thought about what to do in this situation.
Blushing furiously, Darkness panted and said,
“Don’t you always enjoy calling me Sluttiness or Lewdness? I’m always lewd-this lewd-that…! You’re right, I am lewd! I’ve already made up my mind! Forget about sleeping tonight, I’m playing with you till sunrise!”
“Alright I get it, please calm down. I-I don’t think losing our first times in this way is a very mature thing to do, so calm down-!?”
As I said that and tried to get up-
Darkness tightly gripped my left hand and pressed her body weight onto it, pinning it to the bedside.
Of course, that left my upper body spread wide open across the bed.
Keeping my left hand pinned to the bedside, she straddled onto my waist.
This isn’t good.
This position really isn’t good.
“No, wait, Darkness! Seriously, calm down! Stop, don’t do this-!”
As I continued trying to persuade her, Darkness panted heavily and rubbed my cheek with her left hand.
“I recall that you did this to me back at my home some time ago… Seems like the tables have turned tonight… !”
This is really bad. Really, don’t!
What’s really bad about this? Well, my thing would do that.
“…? …Ah?”
She probably noticed since she’s straddled around my waist.
Darkness yelped in a soft voice, slightly abashed.
However, even though my thing did that, Darkness still had no intentions of getting off me.
No, don’t be mesmerized! Don’t get carried away by this H-game-esque scene.
Calm down, Satou Kazuma, do you intend to cheat on Megumin?
It was only yesterday!
I became more than friends with Megumin only yesterday!
If I let my body be swept along by this situation, I’ll end up betraying Megumin who so bravely confessed her feelings last night…!
That’s right, even though I have the excuse that ‘Darkness forced herself upon me, so I couldn’t resist’…!
Although Darkness appears to be somewhat embarrassed, she still pushed her face closer as she caressed my cheek with her left hand.
“D-don’t do it! Don’t do this, Darkness! Damn, how could this… ! Having only the weakest class, I can’t possibly match the strength of a Crusader like you…!”
As I desperately screamed at Darkness, I used my free right hand to…!
… Free right hand?
“Hey, Darkness, my right hand! My right hand is free! If you don’t restrain my right hand with your left soon, I’ll retaliate! Be mindful, I have Drain Touch!”
“Eh? Ah…!”
Hearing my reminder, Darkness hastily took hold of my right wrist and pressed it down.
How could this have happened? Now both of my hands have been restrained.
Damn, I already have Megumin… how could she simply play with me as she wishes…!
I desperately struggled for my freedom against Darkness..
“… Hey, what happened, Darkness? Why did you stop?”
“… Eh? No-nothing, just, I used both of my hands to pin you down, so I don’t know what to do next… “
Darkness said something silly as she kept both of my hands pinned.
“Idiot, what’s that mouth of yours for!? I’m already half-naked! I’m totally defenceless against whatever you can do with your mouth right now!”
“Ah! R-right…”
Shakily, Darkness reached for my neck with her tongue out…!
…At this moment, perhaps Darkness got cold feet, her tongue hesitated mere centimetres away from my neck.
In response, I screamed at her in an anguished voice.
“Dammit, how could you tease me like this? Your name really checks out, Lewdness! But I’ll never surrender to you! But please stop hesitating and get on with it!”
“A-alright! Then… here I come… !”
Saying that, Darkness started moving her tongue closer…
“Ah, wait a second! It’s getting too cramped down there, so please unbuckle my belt! Remember, you have to say ‘You might be saying that you don’t like it, but your body doesn’t lie…!’ while you’re doing that!”
“Ah, right, I understand…! You might be saying that you don’t like it, but your body doesn’t lie…!”
As she said it, Darkness let go of my wrists to unbuckle my pants with her hands…!
“Idiot, why did you let my hands go free!? Keep holding me down and don’t let me resist!”
“Ah! S-sorry!”
Hearing my harsh words, Darkness reflexively apologized.
“Just like that. Unfortunately, you’ll have to get off my body for a second. Approach me from the side as I’m lying down… Yes, like that. Then, use your right upper arm to press down on my left wrist, and then reach for my right wrist with your hand… That’s it. That way, your left hand is now free, see? Oh, and use your giant breasts to push my chest down so that I can’t get up…!”
“L-Like this…? Right, then I’ll reach down with my left hand to…!”
Following the instructions that I regretfully screamed, Darkness took hold of my belt as I helplessly laid there…!
“Ah! Ouch ouch ouch! Why the hell did you tighten it! You’re supposed to unbuckle it! Unbuckle my belt! Also, remember to say ‘Ufufu… that looks pretty painful… !’ while doing so!”
“A-ah, right! S-sorry for being so clumsy…! Fu… fufu, that looks pretty painful…! So far, I don’t remember hearing you say ‘no’ even once…!”
“Very nice, that was some great ad-libbing!”
Darkness’ left hand reached down and searched for my unprotected belt…
“Eh? What the?”
“Hey, hurry up! Go on! Don’t stop now! And remember, your mouth is free while you’re loosening my belt. Consider what your mouth can be doing to my defenceless, naked upper body…!”
Suddenly, the door flew open.
Standing on the other side of the door were a displeased-looking Megumin and a very tired Aqua.
Seeing them, I immediately screamed.
“Save me! This woman is about to violate me!”
“Ahhhh!?”
Using the key she had, Aqua unlocked the handcuffs with a click.
Aqua claims to have flawless vision in the dark, being able to see everything at night as clearly as she could in the day. With such an ability, she was able to find the key.
Apparently, Megumin woke Aqua up in the middle of the night and made her search for the keys that Darkness lost.
And why would she do that? Well…
“Man, you guys were really noisy… ! I told you two to get a little closer, not to start a fight in the middle of the night!”
Darkness was kneeling on the carpet as Megumin lectured her.
“… S-sorry… “
Megumin placed her hands on her hips.
Facing Megumin who towered over Darkness as she was kneeling, Darkness lowered her head.
“Hey, I’m really sleepy. I already worked hard to find the key, so can I go to bed now?”
Aqua could barely keep her eyes open. Megumin briefly thanked her, after which Aqua shakily waddled out of the room.
Now free from the handcuffs, I sat on the edge of my bed and dangled my legs as I listened to Megumin’s lecture.
To the Darkness who had her head lowered before Megumin, I said,
“Man, you really are something. Not only did you harass me during my sleep, but you even dared to do such things to me despite my ferocious resistance…!”
“Ah! You, you bastard…!”
Hearing me, Darkness turned to give me a harsh glare.
… And so did Megumin.
“…”
In the face of Megumin’s piercing gaze, I eventually broke down and went to kneel besides Darkness.
“… For some reason, I feel like I should kneel before you too.”
“Well, it’s good that you took the initiative.”
Hearing Megumin’s reply, Darkness smiled as if she was enjoying my plight.
… This little.
Looking at the two of us, Megumin let out a sigh.
“Seriously, and here I thought that letting the two of you stay together for the night will bring you a little closer… Darkness, did you tell him everything that you wanted to say?”
“!?”
Megumin’s question put a shocked expression on both of us.
Just how much did this girl know?
You really can’t underestimate the intelligence of Crimson Demons.
Seriously, why can’t you put this kind of intelligence to use in your daily life?
“Er… Um… Megumin, sorry… “
Still kneeling, Darkness mumbled.
Seeing that, Megumin said,
“Why are you apologizing? This isn’t a topic that I have any say in. You should value your own emotions more. After all, we are still not proper lovers yet. It’s not my place to say anything about who this indecisive man decides to go with. So, did you properly get everything off your chest?”
While saying something oddly mature, Megumin smiled gently at Darkness.
Hearing Megumin’s words, Darkness raised her head and placed both her fists against her knees.
Seeing that, Megumin smiled.
The two of them looked like a child proudly reporting to her mother after she’s done something by herself, and the mother smiling proudly in return.
Even though Megumin is the younger of the two.
Somehow, seeing Megumin act like this made my chest ache a little.
Could it be?
Did I want her to be a least a little jealous?
Perhaps it hurt me when she said that it isn’t her place to say anything about who I choose to go with.
Just thinking that line made me feel like an annoying person.
As if sensing my muddled thoughts, Megumin gave me a smile that seemed to indicate that she knew everything that’s going on in my head and said,
“Now’s the time to show off how dependable you are. In order to not lose my affection, you should do more cool stuff like monster hunting more often.”
Darkness nodded in agreement.
Even though Darkness said she liked men who are lazy wastrels.
Between the recent tax collection and this, just when did she have a change of heart?
I smiled wryly at the two and said,
“Guess I don’t have much of a choice… “
Darkness and Megumin both smiled joyfully in response.
Then…
“Well, I don’t think it’s likely, but just to confirm, nothing happened between you two, right?”
Megumin asked, a hint of anxiety creeping into her voice.
… Hmm, could it be that she was a little jealous after all?
“No, thanks to this guy’s ferocious resistance, I wasn’t able to do anything.”
Darkness casually answered as she shot me a cheeky gaze.
Somehow, I feel like I’m being toyed with.
Looking at Megumin looking visibly relieved, and Darkness flashing me a victorious smile, I couldn’t help but say,
“… Oh, yeah, what was it that Darkness did when I had my eyes closed just now? Was it my first… what do you call it…?”
“!?”
Megumin’s face stiffened and Darkness buried hers between her legs.
END OF CHAPTER 3
TL: Cannongerbil
Editing: Uranophane, Ulti, Keel the Swift
Next morning.
Thanks to the events that took place last night, I ended up tossing and turning without getting even a wink of sleep.
“G-good morning, Kazuma. You sure are early today.”
I went to the kitchen to have breakfast only to meet a similarly sleep-deprived Darkness who gave me a lackluster greeting.
“I’m not up early. I just couldn’t sleep thanks to what you did last night. Why do you and Megumin keep teasing a teenage boy like me? Raising my hopes only to leave me hanging. Do you actually like me or do you just find it amusing to see me suffer?”
“Th-That’s… N-No, nevermind. What happened last night was my fault. I wasn’t thinking straight. To think that I had to be comforted by a girl that’s younger than me… I really failed as a noble… Please forget about what happened last night.”
Saying that, she regretfully lowered her head.
“How could I ever forget that? Not only was I handcuffed to an older noble lady, I got stripped half-naked and even got my first kiss forcibly stolen. That doesn’t exactly happen often, you know?”
“That’s not what I was referring to! No, wait, of course I want you to forget about that too!”
Darkness slammed on the table as she said that, her face blushing a bright red. Then, Aqua, who unusually was awake this early, came down the stairs and said,
“Why are you raising such a fuss this early in the morning? Are you excited because you spent a night with this man? You can’t lose control of yourself like this, Darkness. I know that you have some strange inclinations, but you should still respect yourself more.”
“That was too much, Aqua. But guess what, I know full well how things will progress for a man in this situation. From now on, I’ll have a raucous lifestyle where Darkness and Megumin both fight for my attention. Then, when you are left alone, you’ll end up feeling lonely and eventually realize what your true feelings are.”
With a mouthful of bread that she was having for breakfast, Aqua nodded along to my words and replied.
“That I should have acted sooner to fix this damn NEET?”
“No, of course not! You originally only thought of me as a housemate, but after this you’ll slowly realize that you actually have romantic feelings for me. But sorry, Aqua, I just can’t bring myself to see you as a romantic partner. I can only see you in the same way I see Emperor Zell or Chomusuke.”
“Hey, hold on a minute! Why do you make it sound like I was casually dumped?”
Towards the two of us who were bickering so early in the morning, Darkness, who was wearing her usual school teacher-like outfit, said.
“Hey, I’ll be coming back late tonight, so you don’t have to make my portion of dinner or wait for me. I’ll be staying over at my father’s place…”
Darkness said with a somewhat awkward expression before leaving the house.
… What’s with this atmosphere?
Could she be bothered by what happened last night?
Yeah, I did reject her after all. It’d be stranger if she wasn’t bothered by it…
… Right, I even had my first kiss.
It’s not like sharing the same bed or holding hands, I actually kissed a girl.
No, it still kind of feels like a middle schooler’s awkward romance.
But at the very least, I’ve crossed that line that separates men and boys.
“Hey, Kazuma, what’s wrong? You look much more slovenly than usual.”
Aqua rudely said as she looked at me with disgust.
“You are just as blind as usual. Take a good look. This is the face of a harem owner.”
“Your bed head is really amazing, isn’t it, Kazuma-san?”
Oh, by the way…
“If you’re free, do you want to visit the adventurer’s guild? You don’t have any plans today, right?”
I have an inexplicable urge to visit the adventurer’s guild today.
Then, well, I won’t name anyone, but I want to brag to them about having kissed a girl and becoming an adult.
“Don’t make it sound like I have a lot of free time. I plan to take Emperor Zell to defeat monsters outside town today. I’ll have him start defeating monsters from a young age and start accumulating experience points. If we start his education now, he might be able to swallow the entire Demon King’s castle in a single gulp by next year. ”
“The only way I can see this ending is with you and the chick being swallowed in a single gulp. Anyway, where did Megumin go?”
“Megumin left early in the morning. She said something about boasting about her victory as a woman to Yunyun.”
So that girl has gone to do just what I’m planning on doing.
Still, boasting about her victory as a woman? We still haven’t actually become lovers yet, right?
And she’s fine with telling Yunyun? Even though she wants to keep it a secret from Darkness and Aqua?
After briefly pondering upon my words, Aqua lifted the chick in her hands to eye-level.
“Oh, yeah, now’s the time where the adventurer’s guild comes in handy. I think I’ll be accompanying you after all, Kazuma. I’ll find some bored looking people to help me raise Emperor Zell’s level.”
“I really don’t think there’ll be anyone frivolous enough to help a chick grind levels… but alright then, let’s head to the adventurer’s guild.”
The adventurer’s guild has a completely different atmosphere compared to yesterday.
“Giant Frog subjugation quest here! We still need a mage!”
“We still need two frontliners! Ones clad in metal armour! Is anyone available?!”
“Seems like several goblins have been spotted in the forest! That’s goblins! The beloved goblins that are worth a lot of money! In order to make sure the newbies aren’t going to get wiped, we’re going with a larger than normal party! Anyone who needs money, feel free to join up!”
“Anyone who can’t deal with the frogs, want to try dungeon delving with us? We have a policy of avoiding combat and only searching for treasure! People with the thief class are welcome, you’ll be handsomely rewarded!”
The adventurers who would normally laze around getting drunk in the tavern are extremely enthusiastic today.
It’s almost like back when Komekko was still around.
I flag down an adventurer I’m acquainted with.
“Hey, what’s going on? Why’s everyone so hardworking? This isn’t like you guys.”
If everyone’s so hardworking, I will feel bad if I were to slack off alone.
It’s the same state of mind that causes me to start sweating when I see others seriously studying before a test.
“Oh, it’s Kazuma. Well, what else could it be? It’s the taxes yesterday. The taxes. Everyone here was caught by the tax collectors and lost half of their hard-earned money. We’re just feeling the pinch from our wallets being suddenly lightened like that.”
The adventurer with a scar on his nose sighed.
Oh, I see, adventurers are fundamentally loose with money, after all.
After having experienced the luxuries that come with being rich, there’s no way anyone here could bear to see their standard of living drop.
All the adventurers in the guild are desperately running around searching for high-paying jobs that will get them back to that lifestyle.
At this rate, the problem of monsters increasing around the town that Darkness and the guild staff were so worried about would be resolved quite quickly.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, do you think there’d be anyone who’s free to help Emperor Zell gain some levels? Everyone here seems so busy.”
“That’ll depend on how much you are offering as a reward. Speaking of, do you have a reward prepared?”
Aqua passed Zell over to me before taking out her wallet.
“Well, I have some coupons that can be redeemed at the Axis church for a free confession from me. Do you think that’ll be enough?”
“They’ll probably just rip it up on the spot, so don’t even try. Everyone’s panicking over not having money, after all.”
Still, this is a problem.
I originally came here to find the bunch I usually hang out with and brag about my recent developments…
At that moment—
“Hey, isn’t that Kazuma!? I’ve heard from the tax collectors! Lalatina is the mastermind behind this sudden tax collection, right!?”
An adventurer who I was quite close with suddenly shouted that at us as we were waddling by the entrance.
He was probably caught yesterday; he was visibly angry as he complained to me.
“Hey, we were chased around by Darkness too, you know? You’re complaining to the wrong person. In her words, she said she did this to get the lazy adventurers back to work again, and to resolve the country’s financial issues.”
The adventurer didn’t bother hiding his displeasure.
“Yeah, it’s true that we haven’t been accepting many jobs lately, but even so, didn’t we just recently deal with all the piled up quests…?”
The adventurers around me who agreed with those words started voicing their protests as well.
“She says that it’s to resolve the country’s financial issues, but who knows what she’s actually using that money for? I’ve been hearing rumours, you know? That Lalatina’s been spotted dragging around a young boy and teaching him who knows what.”
In response to the guy who dropped such a bombshell—
“And now Darkness is looking to become a shotacon too? Just how greedy is that woman?”
No, I’m sure that even Darkness wouldn’t cross that line… probably…
And what about that earnestness she showed me yesterday?
It almost drove me to tears to turn her down, but if she was fooling around with a kid behind my back, even I might just end up appearing before Eris-sama again.
Then, Aqua suddenly started looking around excitedly—
“Hey, Kazuma, isn’t this a good opportunity? Look at the covetous gleam in everyone’s eyes.”
She said while looking at the adventurers around the guild with a pitying gaze.
“Aqua-san, I don’t want to hear that from someone who ended up crying after dropping 100 eris down a drain because she was planning on using that to buy ice cream.”
“Shut up, you boorish man. If you keep spreading such baseless rumours, I’ll lay a curse on you that will have you waking up each morning to find that the bed is wet… Anyway,”
Aqua addressed the adventurers who’ve quieten down.
“I’ve found Darkness’s actions to be suspicious recently. As her guardian, I feel a need to resolve the issues plaguing her!”
Aqua proudly hoisted Emperor Zell with both arms above her head.
“I’ve been curious about what she normally gets up to for a long time. Hey, aren’t you guys curious about what she usually does?”
—At an orphanage on the outskirts of Axel.
The kind of place that people from the Eris church regularly bring meals to and wealthy people from other cities occasionally donate their hand-me-downs to.
Aqua, me, and the adventurers that have followed us are currently standing in front of it.
“Hey, oji-san, is Darkness really here?”
“Yeah, you can’t mistake it, Aqua-san. Everyone’s seen Darkness here wearing an erotic outfit and grinning as she looks upon the children playing. I’m not lying.”
I don’t really get the grinning while looking at children bit, but the erotic outfit bit is certainly suspicious.
Just when I resolved myself to knock on the door of the orphanage.
“Lalatina-sama, you shouldn’t do this… It’s still way too early for us…”
What’s undeniably a young boy’s voice could be heard from the other side of the door.
That’s definitely the voice of a boy who has yet to enter puberty.
The boy sounded very apologetic as he said those words.
“What are you saying? The earlier you learn about it, the better. Plus, you’ll need to know this stuff when you become an adult. So, come on, no need to restrain yourself…”
“B-But, Latatina-sama…”
Oh my.
I thought it might have been some kind of misunderstanding, but this is definitely Darkness’s voice.
I suppressed my trembles and placed my ear to the door of the orphanage. The other male adventurers followed suit.
No, not just the male adventurers.
Several of the female adventurers joined us and placed their ears to the door as well.
“Fufu, you say that, but you are actually really curious about it, aren’t you? You can go ahead and touch them.”
Oh my!
I think I recall her saying something along those lines when she was holding me down last night!
Dammit, why isn’t there a skill that allows you to see through walls in this world!? I really want to see what’s going on in there!
… No, wait, it’s still too early to say so.
If there’s a skill such as Farsight in this world, it wouldn’t be strange for there to be some kind of skill that allows you to see through walls.
I should ask about it later.
I wonder who made a gulping noise.
It might even have been me.
“Here, go ahead and touch it. This belongs to you from now on.”
“B-belongs to…”
Hearing Darkness’s words, the boy responded with a voice that’s a mixture of both trepidation and hope.
That girl, what’s with this ‘this belongs to you’ crap!?
After saying all that stuff to me yesterday!
… Has she fallen to such depths because I rejected her?
What’s this clawing feeling in my chest?
Am I jealous that Darkness was taken away by someone I don’t know? And a younger person at that?
No, this is something that anyone would feel if a close female friend of theirs found a boyfriend…right?
Yeah, even we aren’t going out…
“So, what do you think of it?”
“It’s firmer than I expected, and it’s so smooth and soft. ”
After hearing the boy’s words, I finally understand what is going on.
Or rather, I understand what he’s touching now.
Something’s that smooth and soft, and firmer than he expected, that could only be…
“Don’t just touch it, why don’t you try sniffing it too?”
Hey, even I haven’t done that yet.
What’s this inexplicable excitement I’m feeling?
Is this what being NTR’d feels like?
I didn’t have such a fetish the last time I checked…
“Hey, guys, is the door stuck or something? I’m getting sick of standing around out here, so I’m heading on inside.”
Saying that, Aqua, failing to read the mood as usual, goes to open the door.
“Hey, wait—!
I hurried to stop her, but she already opened the door. And beyond that is…
“So, what do you think? A freshly printed book has a really nice smell, doesn’t it? I particularly like the smell of this ink.”
“I like this smell too, Lalatina-sama…”
Beyond the door, a nostalgic scene appeared before me.
Yes, in a room that is almost identical to the classrooms of my world, Darkness, and the boy to whom she’s giving a book to, are happily enjoying its fragrance.
—All the adventurers, including me, stood dumbstruck. Having handed what seemed like a textbook to the young boy, Darkness also couldn’t help but stiffen as she turned to look at us—
“W-Why are you guys here…?”
That’s what we should be asking you.
In the first place, just what is this situation?
All I can see is a female school teacher in a suit giving out textbooks to impoverished children in an orphanage.
“Hey, Darkness, what are you doing? This seems just like a school.”
Hearing what Aqua, who has once again completely failed to read the mood, had to say—
“Y-Yeah, it is. Kazuma mentioned it before, in a certain country, there exists facilities such as this that gives education to children free of charge. The town of Axel has been putting a similar program into action, in order to give the children whose families couldn’t afford private tutors a proper education…”
As we were listening to the explanation, the children who noticed our presence looked at us with sparkling eyes.
Adventurers who battle with monsters every day must seem really cool to these children.
The adventurers who had just their egos inflated by Komekko’s admiring gaze some time ago started getting lightheaded once again.
“Have you always been doing this kind of stuff?”
In that short skirt and white shirt, she really does look the part of a female teacher.
… No, in a way you could also say it’s a very bad form for an educator.
“Hmm, well, I suppose you could say that. By the way, this is the outfit that I normally wear, but I’ve heard that it’s also the uniform of female teachers of a certain country…”
Oh, that’s probably the work of my reincarnated colleagues.
“My father has been thinking about reforming the education system for quite some time, so we’re funding this experiment in Axel out of the Dustiness family’s own coffers.”
Come to think of it, Darkness’s father is said to be a very formidable statesman in this country.
I’ve heard that there are no schools in this country other than the ones in the Crimson Demon Village, but it seems that the people of this country have properly absorbed the ideas brought over by the people from my world and started to implement them.
Just when I was starting to admire that—
“To be honest, it’s not something I often show to others, so having you all find out about this is a little embarrassing…”
Darkness shyly said to the adventurers arrayed before her.
“By the way, what did you guys come here for?”
What we came here for? That’d obviously be to see you…
…No, I can’t say it.
I can’t possibly tell her that we came here to spy on her because we suspected that Darkness might have been collecting taxes just so she could afford to care for her harem of shotas. How could I possibly say something that perverse?
I’m probably not the only one who had such thoughts.
All the adventurers present simultaneously averted their gaze, and the one next to me started nudging me in the back as if to say ‘Hey, say something.’
“So um, you know how we got taxed yesterday? We were concerned about where all that money was going to, so we came here to check things out. Ah, after learning that all my hard earned cash is being used to provide children with an education, I’m now overflowing with the motivation to work. Right, guys?”
“Yeah, as expected of Lalatina!”
“The name Lalatina isn’t just for show, I see!”
“You are really cool, Lalatina!”
“You’re so cute, Lalatina!”
“Shut up! Don’t call me Lalatina! Do you guys want to get punched!?”
I noticed the boy who was smelling the book earlier suddenly appear next to the red-faced Darkness. He was hugging the book close to his chest with an apologetic expression on his face.
Having noticed him too, Darkness crouched down in front of him.
“What’s wrong? Please don’t mind us, okay?”
“Bu-But, I heard that the food and clothes in this orphanage, and these books too were bought using the money earned by these adventurers…”
…
After hearing the boy’s words, the adventurers present fell silent.
Darkness gave the boy a gentle smile.
“Yeah, that’s right. These adventurers fight monsters day and night in order to protect you, and they even give a portion of the money they earned in order to help people like you who’ve lost their parents. So you need to appreciate those feelings and properly treasure that book…okay?”
“… Yeah, I understand. Thank you very much, everyone.”
The boy thanked us with such a smile, and that sentiment was echoed by all the children in the classroom. All the adventurers, including me, were moved to tears.
Then, towards those children,
“I have something to discuss with these adventurers, so please quietly study with your textbooks while we talk.”
Darkness said that while signalling at us to head outside.
“…I showed an embarrassing side of me…”
Darkness bashfully said after we exited the orphanage.
“Say, Darkness, is this orphanage really supported with the money you robbed from us?”
“What do you mean rob? Don’t make it sound that bad. The tax money that you contributed went into helping adventurers who got injured on the job and retired adventurers. The occupation of an adventurer has always had an uncertain future after all. With this, the adventurers who’ve gotten too old to work will at least be guaranteed enough money to eat.”
“Is-is that so? But, those children earlier…”
Yeah, they said something about this and that being funded by us adventurers.
“The Dustiness house is paying for their upkeep, but, as ashamed as I am to admit it, we’ve had some financial issues as of late. The money we taxed from you was used to shore up that deficit, so that’s why… But don’t misunderstand! I will definitely properly repay it! Several people got injured dealing with the piled up quests the other day, so there’s been some unexpected expenses…”
Crap, what should I do?
Although she said she’s ashamed, we can’t even bear to look directly at her.
The other adventurers around me were also blushing and pointedly avoiding her gaze.
“Umm…”
To the adventurers gathered, Darkness—
“So, that’s what I did with the tax money you contributed… Is it acceptable?”
—said apologetically.
“Well, we heard that Lalatina was teaching something or the other to children! So, well, after learning that our money was used for something like this, we are very, well, er, you know, right, everyone?”
“Yeah, of course, it’s Lalatina we are talking about. We’re just worried that she might be trying to quietly shoulder some big burden on her own!”
“Right? And just like we feared, Lalatina has been pushing herself again! Right?”
“Aren’t we comrades? The fact that you’re nobility should have nothing to do with this. If you want, we could even escort them on their way to and from school.”
What a smooth reversal of attitude.
I’m not in any position to criticize them, but it’s pretty amazing that they managed to convert so abruptly.
Hearing those adventurer’s words.
“No, there hasn’t been any difficulties in particular so far. Just hearing those words is enough, thank you. The safety of the children from regular households as they commute to and from this school is already being handled by a worker of a certain magic item shop.”
Darkness showed a genuine, unblemished smile as she said that.
“Still… Hearing you all say that really makes me motivated. Thank you very much. I was sure that you all would still be holding a grudge over what happened yesterday.”
“What are you talking about, Lalatina!?”
“Yeah, Lalatina, don’t be so distant!”
“How could we ever doubt you, Lalatina!”
“Umm, I’m really happy to hear you all say that, but I really wish you would stop calling me Lalatina…”
In attempt to cover their tracks, the adventurers repeatedly praised Darkness, who buried her face in her hands in embarrassment.
“Hey, isn’t this a little different from what you were saying before? Darkness, I’m telling you, before we came here, Kazuma told everyone-”
Still oblivious to the situation, Aqua was neutralized by the nearby adventurers before she could reveal any critical information.
“Hey, what are you doing! Cut it out!”
Aqua slapped at the hands of the adventurers who grabbed her as she struggled intensely.
In order to divert Darkness’s attention away from Aqua’s antics—
“I here thought you were just a perverted noble. I certainly didn’t expect you to be doing such righteous deeds. Why couldn’t you act more like this in your normal life? If you behaved like this, you wouldn’t be unmarriageable and would probably even have a few children by now.”
“What are you talking about!? I’m not unmarriageable, I just chose not to get married! Had I wanted to, I would have plenty of suitors to choose from!”
Hearing Darkness’s angry outburst, one of the adventurers hammered his fist in realization.
“Oh, speaking of which, Lalatina, I heard that you had a child with Kazuma!”
Darkness couldn’t help but sputter upon hearing that.
“Oh, yeah, that’s right. Congratulations, Lalatina!”
“Don’t go off and play any strange erotic games on your own now, Lalatina!”
“But isn’t it great? Lalatina-chan does have some weird inclinations, after all. I always feared that she’ll end up getting abducted by some strange folks.”
“I was worried that she would happily head off one day to live in some strange monster’s nest. Hearing this puts me at ease.”
“Kazuma looks to have a pretty secure future. There’s no need to worry about being too poor to afford food if you are with him!”
All the adventurers present started giving us their blessings.
Though, judging from their smirks, it doesn’t seem like they are serious.
Everyone’s probably just teasing Darkness as a little payback over yesterday’s incident.
“You guys! Even after I took pains to explain everything…! You guys don’t get it at all!”
Not noticing that she was being teased, Darkness protested while blushing all the way to her ears.
“We get it, we get it! Every noble has their secrets, after all. It’s okay if you don’t want to admit it! We know how it feels!”
“I hope that the joyous day where the two of you officially declare the date of your marriage ceremony isn’t too far off!”
“You guys don’t understand! You don’t understand at all!”
Darkness desperately tried to refute those allegations.
“So, seriously, how have things been going, Kazuma? Did something really happen between you two?”
“It’s Kazuma-san we are talking about. There’s no way that something’s actually happened, right?”
“Yeah, he’s famous for chickening out at the last moment, after all.”
Oh, yeah, I remembered why I originally wanted to visit the adventurer’s guild.
“All you folks who are still somehow virgins despite working as a rough and tumble adventurer, you better get down on your knees and beg for forgiveness! Don’t think I’ll always be on your level! I even crossed that line yesterday, right, Darkness?”
“Idiot! What are you saying! How could you bring up such a topic right now?!”
Darkness ended up digging herself deeper while trying to refute it.
“She-She didn’t deny it! You’re kidding, right? Lalatina actually admitted it!”
“Wait, seriously? Lalatina-chan, did you actually do it? Hey, how far did you go? Please tell onee-san the details!”
“I thought Aqua-san was just misunderstanding something again when she said that Lalatina had a child…”
“No! You’re mistaken!”
Watching Darkness once again turn bright red and frantically flail around, I decided to throw some more fuel onto the fire.
“What’s so mistaken about it? You tied me down last night, stripped me half-naked and did those kind of things to me! And that was my first time! Are you seriously calling me a liar?”
“No, I do think I was in the wrong, but—!”
“Don’t think that the first time is only important for women! We guys also value our first time highly! It really doesn’t sit well with me to have my first time passed off as some kind of accident!”
“N-no, that’s not what I…! Sorry, that was my fault! I wasn’t thinking straight back then! So, please, let’s both agree to forget about that, please!”
After hearing our conversation, the adventurers around me seemed to be convinced and started looking at me with both admiration and jealousy.
“That’s all I will say about this. I’ll leave what actually took place to your imaginations.”
“You really are…! No, that’s not it, we just—!”
Just as the cornered Darkness was about to explain everything…
“Oh, by the way, I saw a girl in there with blonde hair and blue eyes like Lalatina-chan in there earlier. Is she the child you had with him?”
One of the female adventurers asked with great interest.
Hearing that, the adventurers couldn’t hold back their curiosity any longer, and once again opened the door to the orphanage…!
“You guys, you better cut it…!”
Just as Darkness prepared to resort to violence on the verge of tears…
…She found that the children who were so energetic just a short while ago were now laid lifelessly around the classroom.
“—Fuhahahaha! Have you cheeky scamps been studying hard today? Moi have come to fetch you all! Now, all who wish to touch my mask, please properly line up… Hmm, what’s going on here?”
Another troublemaker appeared at the chaotic orphanage with a maniacal laugh.
“Hey, you, what are you doing here? I don’t have time to deal with you right now, so I’ll graciously let you live. Now scram! There’s a deserted alley in that direction, go laugh to your heart’s content over there! As you can see, the children are in peril right now!”
While the adventurers hurriedly ran around setting up blankets and laying the children on them, Aqua worked on drawing a large magic circle in the centre of the orphanage.
“Just what is going on? The orphanage has been very peaceful up till now, so how did… Do you not feel at peace unless you bring trouble to everywhere you go?”
“Don’t make it sound like everything bad that happens is my fault! These children just suddenly collapsed for no reason. You’re a more likely suspect! You didn’t do something to these children, did you?”
Vanir resiliently shot back after being accused by Aqua.
“What are you saying, you bringer of misfortune? As if the ever popular-with-children moi would ever do something like that! The only people who would lay such a curse would be members of the most villainous Axis Cult such as yourself!”
Just then.
“But this is really troublesome. To think that they would come down with Colorin disease…”
Vanir’s muttered words caught attention as I was using freeze on a fevered child’s forehead.
“Hey, Vanir, do you know what caused all these children to collapse? What’s with that cutesy sounding Colorin disease?”
Everyone present turned their attention towards Vanir after hearing my words.
“These cheeky scamps have all contracted Colorin disease… It’s an extremely peculiar disease. It will remain dormant for a time after infecting someone, but once that period of dormancy is over, it will disperse a fast acting toxin into its surroundings just like so. From what my all seeing eyes tell me… That girl over there is the host.”
Vanir pointed to the collapsed Sylphina.
“There are two ways to cure this disease.”
Vanir was sitting cross legged on the floor, illuminated by the faint glow emanating from the magic circle that Aqua drew.
The children seem to be in much less pain than before, probably due to the effects of the magic circle.
“First off, treating the children apart from the host is quite simple. A constant application of recovery magic and detoxification magic would see them healthy in no time. But…”
Saying that, he glanced at Sylphina lying motionlessly in Darkness’s arms.
“Detoxification magic would not work on the host. We can only prolong her life using recovery magic while we work on a special antidote.”
“What’s this antidote!? How do you make it!?”
In response to Darkness’s frantic question, Vanir raised his fingers and started counting.
“There are five ingredients required to make it. The onion of an onion duck, the root of a mandragora, tears of a ghost, and there’s…”
The adventurers dutifully wrote down them down as he listed the ingredients.
“And the last ingredient is… This might be tricky to acquire, but it’s the nails of a high ranking devil.”
“God Blow!”
The moment Vanir listed the final ingredient, Aqua threw a punch at him and turned a portion of his body back to dirt.
“What do you think you’re doing during an emergency like this!? Now the floor is all covered with dirt! This is no time to fool around!”
“Yeah, I’m hitting you precisely because it’s an emergency! Ghost tears will be easy to get, we just need to go home and tell a few sob stories. Nevermind that, hurry up and hand over your nails!”
Oh yeah, Vanir is a high-ranking devil himself.
But in response to Aqua’s words, Vanir slowly shook his head.
“Moi is only using a temporary body to inhabit this world. Other than my mask, the rest of my body is made out of dirt.”
Aqua hammered her fist in realization upon hearing those words.
“Right, how about we pay a visit to those girls in that shop? ‘Excuse us, but we need to pry off one or two of your nails.’”
“You fool. Moi said it needed to be the nail of a ‘high-ranking’ demon, didn’t moi? Those hatchlings wouldn’t even register on the scale.”
These guys are probably referring to the Succubi who work at the shop.
But, if that wouldn’t do…
“That leaves us no choice. Very well, it’s time to resort to the demon summoning ritual that have been passed down through the Crimson Demon clan…”
“Wait, Megumin, that’s a little… Vanir, do you not know any other high-ranking devils? Can’t you do something with those all-seeing eyes of yours?”
Darkness asked as she hastily stopped Megumin who was about to prepare some kind of dubious ritual.
“… Hmm, well, moi does know of a high ranking demon who lives close to this town.”
Vanir thoughtfully touched his mask.
“Wh-Where is he!?”
In response to Darkness’s panicked question, Vanir replied…
END OF CHAPTER 4
Previous chapter
Next chapter
Main Directory
“Assistant-kun, Assistant-kun! Look! There’s a really big inn over there! Shall we stay there tonight?”
Chris, who has been in high spirits since she joined up with us, said cheerfully.
“Big Boss, do you have the money to stay in such a fancy place? I always got the impression that you’re the kind of person who quickly blows away all your money the moment you get it.”
Chris and I were sitting in the back of the carriage, looking around for a good inn to spend the night as Darkness handled the horses.
“Of course not. I donated most of my money to the Eris Church and drank the rest.”
“That’s no good, Big Boss. Then what are you going to do about tonight?”
In response, she gave me a glowing smile.
“Oh, Assistant-kun, are we really that distant? Haven’t we ran around the city at night together? We’re already close friends, aren’t we? Such close friends should of course sleep in the same place!”
In other words, ‘please handle my lodging fees for tonight.’
Well, I don’t particularly mind doing so, but Darkness interrupted before I could give my reply.
“I’ll cover Chris’ lodging fees. You did rush all the way here from Axel to help, after all… Still, Chris, it’s not bad to be so devoted to Eris-sama, but for the sake of your future, you should at least consider saving up some money.”
“Yay! Thanks, Darkness! Yeah, I’ll think a little more about my future from now on.”
Saying that, Chris hugged Darkness around the neck from behind.
“You don’t need to thank me. You’re the person I’m most worried about. I have my family estate, Kazuma here has both a mansion and a fortune. Aqua and Megumin can rely on him for their daily fees. But what about you, Chris? You don’t have a fixed home nor do you have any savings. Sure, it’s very adventurer-like, but maybe you should consider moving together with us…”
“N-No, I’ll be fine, Darkness. I might not look like it, but I have plenty of places to stay, so I can get by somehow.”
Chris slightly averted her gaze after being lectured by Darkness.
“Tell me how exactly do you plan to ‘get by’!? You’re not planning on breaking the law again, are you? If you get caught, I can’t just let you be. It might be different in the past, but right now I have to use my authority in a just manner. Please don’t make me have to do that.”
“What happened, Darkness? Why would the hardheaded Darkness say something like that? Hey, it’s your fault, isn’t it? You were the one who led her astray! Give her back! Return my earnest, hardheaded and easily fooled Darkness to me!”
“Don’t blame me, Big Boss. She’s always been a little shot in the head.”
—While we were fooling around in front of the gates, the sound of a bell emerged from the town, signalling that it was evening.
“Hey, Big Boss, we should go stake the place out soon. And now that I think about it, we don’t really need a place to stay. There’s a girl who needs the medicine as soon as possible, so we should leave as soon as we are done here.”
Now that Chris is here, our next course of action is clear.
Obviously, that would be…
“Uuu, do I have no choice but to be an accomplice to a crime…? Me, personally…”
Darkness, who has been agonizing over this for quite some time, buried her face in her hands and grumbled.
“Now, now, Darkness, this is necessary in order to save a girl’s life, right? Then we don’t have a choice. I do feel a little sorry for this Lord Zereschrute guy, but we need those ingredients.”
Chris patted Darkness on the shoulder.
Regarding why Chris is here…
According to the person in question, it’s just because she felt like it.
But I know that Darkness prayed at the Eris church before she left on the journey.
In other words…
“Big Boss, you really do take good care of your flock.”
“…? I don’t really get it, but thank you?”
By the way, if you are wondering why Chris is so calm even though we are about to infiltrate a devil’s castle, that’ll be because we still haven’t told her the true identity of that penguin.
Darkness mentioned that Chris has this weird tendency to fly into an uncharacteristic rage whenever she sees an undead or devil, so we should try and keep it a secret.
Knowing Chris’ true identity, it’d be really troublesome if she were to turn this grab-and-dash into a devil extermination mission, so I agreed.
“Anyway, Big Boss, please stop looking around like that. You aren’t a country bumpkin, you know? Plus, your silver hair is really distinctive.”
Perhaps because it’s been some time since she’s been in a party, Chris has been oddly energetic and was looking around with amazement like a person from the countryside who’s just caught her first glimpse of the big city.
“I’ve been curious about it for some time, but when did the two of you get this close to each other? You two even formed some kind of thieving band before I realized it. I don’t recall you having that much contact with each other…”
In response to Darkness’s probing question, Chris flashed her a cheeky grin and prodded her in the shoulder.
“What’s the matter, Darkness? Does the relationship I have with Assistant-kun bother you? Come to think of it, I still haven’t asked how far you got with Assistant-kun, right? I wouldn’t mind answering your question if you are willing to answer mine.”
Hearing Chris’ unnecessary comments, Darkness glanced at me and blushed.
Seeing that reaction, Chris pulled me aside and whispered.
“Hey, Assistant-kun, Assistant-kun, Darkness is acting really strange. Just what did you do?”
As expected of Darkness’s old pal, she picked up on our awkwardness quickly.
“I didn’t do anything. In fact, we are so awkward because I didn’t do anything. Simply put, Darkness confessed to me, but I rejected her because things have been going well between Megumin and me.”
“Eeh? You rejected Darkness!?”
I could see the reins start to tremble in Darkness’s hand.
“Big Boss, you’re way too loud! We are awkward enough as it is, so why do you need to say that!?”
“But… But…!”
I couldn’t see Darkness’s face from behind, but I think her ears are a little redder than before.
Yeah, look at what you’ve done! She’s definitely still worried about it!
“Assistant-kun, does that mean you’re going out with Megumin?”
Chris excitedly asked as she brought her face closer to mine.
“No, right now we are more than friends, but not yet lovers, I think.”
“What does that even mean? How far did you go with her? Have you kissed her yet?”
What’s with this goddess?
Why is she so interested in matters of romance?
Darkness must have been interested in our whisperings too. She’s been resolutely staring forwards and focusing on the reins ever since we started on this topic, but I still saw her ears perk at Chris’s questions.
“I didn’t do anything with Megumin yet…”
Though we did share a bath, held hands, and hugged each other in the same futon…
“I’m surprised. I always thought Assistant-kun was more unrestrained, the kind who would eat a girl up if given a chance.”
Well, sorry for giving off that kind of impression.
It’s just that I don’t have the resolve to take responsibility and go all the way with her yet.
“I see, so Darkness still has a chance, right?”
“No, I’m a pretty faithful man, you know? Even if you try and fan the flames like that…”
Yeah, it was really hard for me to reject her.
To be honest, I wanted to cry.
… No, considering the stuff we got up to immediately afterwards, I suppose I really can’t say that.
Smiling from ear to ear, Chris said,
“But you are the surprisingly responsible type, aren’t you? If you cross a line here, you’ll take responsibility, right? Then, if Darkness properly kisses you now, not on the cheek but a proper kiss, then you…”
She said while nudging me with her elbow.
“I have already kissed Darkness. On the lips.”
“Wait, what!? Didn’t you have a thing going on with Megumin!? You haven’t done anything with her, but you have done that with Darkness? What does that mean? I’m still young so I don’t really understand what you adults are saying!”
Ignoring Chris’ shocked reactions,
“Hey, Darkness, doesn’t that spot look like a good place to stop this carriage? It seems to be pretty secluded.”
“Yeah, I guess there’s fine.”
“Hey, don’t just ignore me! Tell me! Hey, Darkness, we’re old pals, right? So tell me exactly what happened that led to you kissing him!”
“Kazuma, just what are you telling her!? Please don’t ask any more about that, Chris!”
Darkness said in a panic as her face once again turned bright red.
After stopping the carriage, Chris continued bombarding Darkness with questions.
Then Darkness returned the favour by asking Chris about what she usually gets up to, and thus time passed.
And now…
Under the cover of the night, we once again approached Count Zereschrute’s castle.
After sneaking into all sorts of places with with Chris, I think I’ve gotten used to infiltrating buildings like this.
What is the best way to get into this castle…
Just as I’m considering that, Darkness, who had her face hidden with a handkerchief like Chris, tugged on my shirt.
“Hey, Kazuma, just what are you agonizing over? We have already come this far, so let’s go. The children are suffering as we speak… I’ve already prepared myself mentally, so stop dragging your feet and go.”
Darkness nervously whispered into my ear.
Darkness has removed her heavy armour. Clad only in the slightly erotic black bodysuit that she wears underneath, she looks much more like a burglar than we do.
“Okay, Darkness, we are professionals. Regarding such matters, you are a newcomer, so you need to listen to what we professionals say.”
“Yeah, Darkness, you’re a noble lady, so you aren’t too familiar with such stuff, right? Don’t worry, leave it to Chris-san. After all, Assistant-kun and I were the ones who successfully broke into the royal castle.”
We confidently declared, but Darkness gave us a doubtful look.
“Sure, you infiltrated the castle, but didn’t you end up getting chased all over the place?”
In response, Chris flusteredly pointed at me.
“That’s because Assistant-kun…”
“Big Boss, now’s not the time to reminiscence about the past. Even as we speak, the children are…”
“That’s true, but I don’t want to hear it from you!”
Ignoring Chris making a fuss, I activated Farsight and began searching for a good infiltration route.
The castle is surrounded by high walls, the main gate is tightly shut, and there doesn’t seem to be anything that looks like a back door.
We can’t possibly dig underneath those walls to get into the castle, so that leaves…
“Big Boss, did you bring a rope?”
“Of course. Ropes are the best friend of thieves.”
I nodded with Chris and we both pulled out a rope from somewhere.
“Do the two of you normally walk around with those things? No, I suppose you brought them because you knew we’d be sneaking in…”
“That’s not it, a thief needs to have something like this on hand at all times.”
Darkness seemed to be taken aback after hearing Chris’s words.
“Big Boss, Darkness is a sheltered lady, so what’s common sense for us may not seem like it to her…”
“Ah, right, sorry, Darkness.”
Darkness doesn’t seem fully convinced after hearing our exchange, but she still quietly followed after us.
There are gatekeepers at the gate, but they won’t be able to monitor the entirety of the outer wall at once.
We went around to the back of the castle, attached our ropes to grappling hooks, and threw them over the wall. A quick pull confirmed they were properly secured.
Darkness seems to be impressed after observing our actions.
“You seem pretty skilled at this.”
Hearing Darkness’s compliments, Chris and I each grabbed our own ropes and started climbing…
“Damnit, the rope’s too slippery to climb!”
“Assistant-kun, given the strength of my arms, it’d be pretty difficult to get over this wall.”
“Big Boss, let’s tie some knots into the ropes. That’ll give us some handholds and make it easier to climb.”
Seeing us fussing over the rope,
“Hey, you two, I think I’ll be able to climb up just like that with my strength. Should I go up first and pull you two up?”
Darkness timidly made such a suggestion.
“Hey, Darkness, a newbie like you shouldn’t just say whatever comes to mind.”
“Yeah, Darkness, a moment of carelessness could cost you your life. You don’t have experience, so it might seem easier than it actually is to you. Just leave it to us.”
“I-is that so? Sorry, I shouldn’t have interrupted.”
Still, if she’s this motivated…
Respecting her enthusiasm, we ended up sending her up first.
Having climbed all the way up using only her strength, Darkness then pulled us up.
Thus having safely gotten onto the walls, we warily approached the castle.
“Right, then, Darkness, follow behind us.”
“Big Boss and I both possess the Lurk skill, but you obviously can’t use it, so don’t let go of my hand, okay?”
“O-Okay!”
Darkness obediently grabbed my hand.
“Right, since you’re my underling for this mission, you can call me Kazuma-senpai.”
“Kazuma-senpai.”
“Yeah, just like that.”
Hey, that actually sounds pretty nice.
“Darkness, can you say that again?”
“Ka-Kazuma-senpai.”
“Hey, Assistant-kun, stop fooling around and let’s go already.”
Chris butted in after I made Darkness call me that several times.
“Big Boss, didn’t you ask me to do a similar thing when I first became your underling?”
“This and that are different matters. Anyway, let’s hurry on, Assistant-kun.”
Having regained my composure, I explained to Darkness,
“Listen up, newbie. Around this time, the master of the place will most likely be at the higher floors. Most big shots and bosses prefer to live in high places.”
In response to my flawless explanation, Chris silently nodded in agreement.
“No, I’ve visited this castle many times before. Lord Zereschrute should be sleeping close to the arena where the monsters are. Let’s head there first.”
And the newbie Darkness said such a thing…
“Right, Darkness, what we just told you is what to expect in general. Of course, we are aware of where the master of this castle currently is. We have the Enemy Detection skill, after all.”
Chris once again nodded along to my words.
“I-is that so? Sorry, I once again said something unnecessary.”
Darkness hurriedly apologized.
“No, that’s fine. You’re new to this, so it’s to be expected. And there are times when a newcomer can offer a fresh perspective on things. It’s fine to voice out if you think something amiss. Right, then, let’s head to the basement… Wait, before that…”
There’s a door barring our entry into the castle proper.
While there’s a gatekeeper at the main gate, I can’t detect the presence of anyone behind this door.
Is it because there’s no need for such stringent security measures when you are in a remote town like this? Or is it because there’s no need for a devil to be so guarded?
“This is my turn to shine. I’ll have it open in a jiffy with my Lockpicking skill.”
Chris confidently said as she approached the door…
“Assistant-kun, this is bad! There’s no keyhole on this door!”
“Are you serious, Big Boss? What should we do now? This isn’t a magic door that can only be opened with a password or something, is it?”
Having run into such an unexpected obstacle, we discussed in whispers.
Just then,
“No, for these kinds of doors, you need to do this…”
Moving past us, Darkness lifted the door.
“It’s a lifting door commonly found in old castles. It’s extremely heavy and requires someone strong enough to lift it in order to enter, so it’s quite efficient at deterring thieves… W-what’s wrong, you two?”
Seeing that the two of us have fallen silent, Darkness gave us a puzzled look.
“Hey Darkness, what would you have done if there was a trap? It’s only because of my high luck that it wasn’t trapped this time, but…”
“Yeah, Darkness. What were you thinking, just carelessly opening that door like that? It’s only because you’re with the luckiest person in Axel that it isn’t trapped.”
“S-sorry. I really didn’t think of that.”
Darkness apologized.
“No, it’s fine. You are new this this, after all. But, maybe you should lead the way from now on.”
“Yeah, you’re the newbie, but we’ll let you take the lead just for this time. Don’t worry, we professionals will be supporting you from behind.”
“R-really? If you say it’s okay…”
Darkness tilted her head and moved to the front.
Afterwards, relying only on the faint lights and her memories from past visits, Darkness steadily lead us towards the basement.
“Assistant-kun, Assistant-kun, aren’t we just in the way?”
“Big Boss, there’ll still be chances for us to shine. At the end of the day, Darkness is still a little bit of an airhead. As pros, we need to properly support her.”
Though I feel like I’ve been the one being supported thus far.
And, at that moment, Chris and I immediately froze in place.
That’s because we could detect the presence of monsters ahead of us.
Come to think of it, that penguin was ordering the monsters around back then.
The security outside the castle is being handled by normal human soldiers, but it seemed like the inside of the castle is being guarded by monsters.
“Hey, Darkness, monsters are guarding the staircase ahead of us. You won’t be able to hit them, so Big Boss and I will handle them. You keep an eye out for anyone else approaching.”
“I got it! Let me see what you can do!”
We gave the excited and expectant Darkness a thumbs up before activating the Lurk skill and slowly creeping forward to where the monsters were hiding.
And what awaited us was…
“Assistant-kun, Assistant-kun! Those are orcs! They are the male orcs that were thought to have been exterminated a long time ago. Is it really okay to kill them?”
These are probably the very same ones who were traumatised by female orcs in the past.
Two orcs who are bad with dealing with humanoid women are standing in front of us.
“If possible, I’d really want to avoid killing such noble creatures.”
“Noble creatures? What’s up with that? … But I get it. I’ll deal with them. You told me those orcs have trouble dealing with women, right? Then I’ll go ahead and use bind on them, Assistant-kun and Darkness, you two keep a lookout. ”
Saying that, Chris retrieved a rope from her waist…
The moment she appeared in front of them, the orcs pounced upon her.
“Assistant-kun! Help me, Assistant-kun!”
The orcs who caught her quickly got to work stripping her of her equipment.
“That wasn’t what you told me, Assistant-kun! Weren’t these orcs supposed to have trouble dealing with women? Wait, don’t! Stop! Assistant-kun! Darkness! I’m getting stripped!”
In order to save Chris who had been stripped down to her shirt and pants, Darkness and I charged in.
“Uuu… Thank you, just a little more and it would’ve been….”
Having been stripped down to her undies, Chris quietly sobbed in a corner. Next to her, the orcs lay trussed up after having been subdued by my Bind skill.
“These guys started shivering in fear after seeing Darkness charge in to rescue you, so they are definitely still afraid of women. Is it because Chis resembled a boy that they…”
“Shh! Don’t say anything more, Kazuma! Come on, Chris, it’s okay now, so let’s get dressed.”
While saying that, Darkness started gathering up Chris’s equipment.
“Uuu… Darkness… I can’t get married anymore…”
“Don’t worry, Chris, those are monsters so that didn’t count. They don’t count.”
The slightly envious glances that Darkness was giving the bound up orcs while she said that does bother me somewhat, but leaving that aside…
“Anyway, thanks to Big Boss’s sacrifice, the path to the basement is open. So, come on, let’s hurry on.”
Even though it’s in the middle of the night, the basement seemed brighter than it was when we were here in the afternoon. Additionally, I could detect the presence of monsters wandering all over the place.
“Hey, Assistant-kun, isn’t this castle a little strange? You two mentioned that he’s a nobleman who enjoys keeping monsters, but isn’t it odd for him to let orcs guard his doorways? And I’ve been detecting the presence of monsters wandering all over the place. This really doesn’t feel like they are being kept in cages…”
Well, yeah, that’s because this castle is owned by a devil.
“There’s a reason for that, but I’ll leave it for later. Anyway, we should avoid getting into conflicts from here on out.”
Most likely, the penguin is hanging out all the way at the back like a proper dungeon boss.
After confirming that Darkness acknowledged my suggestion, we proceeded to sneak along the hallway.
“Even with Enemy Detection telling us their position and Lurk allowing us to hide, I didn’t expect to be able to slip through without fighting a single battle…”
Darkness whispered in an amazed voice.
“Things are progressing smoothly, aren’t they? What do you think, Darkness? This is what happens when Big Boss and I work together.”
“Right, Assistant-kun, with our high luck, it’s only natural that things will progress like so when the two of us are together.”
…
“… But didn’t you run into problems climbing the wall? And when you ran into that door, and when you tried to fight those orcs, and…”
“Hey, Darkness, don’t say anything more. Everybody makes mistakes. You too have been staying awake at night because letting Sylphina contract that disease on the journey to Axel and spreading that disease to the other children has been eating away at you, right? Yeah, everyone makes mistakes. The question is whether you let those mistakes get you down or you pick yourself up and fix those mistakes like we do.”
“Yeah, Assistant-kun is right! It doesn’t matter if you make mistakes along the way as long as everything works out in the end. So you shouldn’t let it get you down, Darkness.”
In the face of our encouragement, Darkness teared up.
“You two… Yeah, now’s not the time to wallow in my despair. Bringing back the ingredient comes first…”
…
“… Hey, wait a minute. Yeah, I was a little depressed over making such a mistake, but I don’t think that is really relevant to what we were talking about…”
“Darkness, quiet down. Seems like there’s only a single path ahead. Could it be that the penguin count’s room lies at the end of this hallway?”
“Yeah, it certainly feels like there’s a boss room ahead. That’s what my intuition as a veteran thief is telling me.”
“Indeed, Lord Zereschrute’s room should be right ahead… Still, I can’t shake the feeling that you two have been playing tricks on me…”
Leaving the Darkness who was mumbling about something incomprehensible to cover our backs, Chris and I activated our Lurk skill and snuck forward.
Eventually…
After passing through the sinister feeling hallway, we wound up face to face with a large, pitch black door that had an extremely ominous air around it.
Darkness and I nodded at each other and pressed our ears to the door.
Chris pulled on my shirt and whispered.
“Hey, Assistant-kun, is this really the castle of an evil aristocrat? Between the door and the hallway, I can’t help but feel like this place is more suitable for a general of the Demon King’s Army…”
Being still ignorant of Lord Zereschrute’s true identity, Chris casually voiced her opinion.
“Well, it’s not really accurate to call him an evil aristocrat, but… In any case, if we don’t retrieve a certain item that this lord has in his possession, the life of the girl will be at risk. That hasn’t changed.”
“It’s just as Kazuma said, Chris. The goal of this mission is bring back the ingredient we need to brew the antidote. Just focus on that, Chris… Really, please, don’t lose your head here.”
“Hey, what’s wrong? Why are you warning me so many times? Just what’s behind this door?”
Ignoring Chris who had a worried expression, Darkness and I nodded…
We kicked open the door and rushed inside!
Our opponent is a devil.
Even this late at night, there’s no way that he’d be asleep.
That means that the best way to deal with him would be to take him by surprise and resolve things before he could gather his wits.
The moment we barged in, we found the penguin standing in the middle of the room, waiting for us. Perhaps some devilish skill has warned him about our coming in advance.
“Welcome, mysterious intruders! I’m sure you are well aware of what this place is! Fufu, you mysterious intruders who I’m meeting for the first time.”
This was a little outside my expectations.
I expected him to at least remove his suit when he was resting alone in his room. Was I naive in thinking so?
In this case, we’ll have to find a way to force him out of his costume before trying to chip off a piece of his nails.
And judging from his words, he most likely…
“Dammit, he knows who we really are!”
Chris let out a scream upon seeing the penguin.
“Hey, Assistant-kun, what do I do? Is this what you were repeatedly warning me about? It’s impossible! There’s no way I’d be able to attack something this cute! Just no way!”
No, that’s not what we meant at all!
“Hey, Chris, don’t let your guard down! It may look cute, but there’s something truly horrific hiding inside! Our goal is to get a fragment of his nail! His nail is a vital ingredient in creating the antidote to Colorin disease!”
Hearing that, Chris suddenly stopped moving.
“Nails that are used in the creation of the antidote to Colorin disease…”
As if she realized what that ingredient is, a solemn expression suddenly appeared on her face.
“Oh yeah, Chris, use bind to restrain Lord Zereschrute! I’ll block all his fierce attacks with my body!”
Saying that, Darkness stepped in front of us.
“As expected of the intruder who looks just like a certain shield of this country! Your resolve is admirable indeed! But how long can a mere human withstand my true strength, I wonder…?”
Just as the penguin confidently said that and struck a dramatic pose.
Before Darkness or I could react, the penguin–
–Was set upon by Chris, who closed the distance within the blink of an eye and drove her dagger deep into the penguin’s body with both hands.
“AAAAAAH!? Wait, don’t—!”
The screaming penguin battered Chris off his body, before hastily pulling the dagger out and tossing it aside.
Instead of blood, black smoke hissed from the rip in his suit where the dagger had been.
“He-Hey, Chris, what are you doing? Just use Bind on him! We just need a piece of his nail, we don’t need to kill him! Actually, no, if you kill him, his body will be sent back to hell. If that were to happen, we won’t be able to retrieve that all important nail fragment that we need.”
Oh, yeah, Aqua mentioned that Eris hates undead and devils even more than she does.
Despite having been sent flying by the penguin, Chris leapt to her feet.
I grabbed both of her arms from behind.
“Hey, Assistant-kun! What are you doing!?”
“What are you doing!? That’s my line! Don’t forget what we came here for! What we need is his nail!”
Hearing my words, Chris seems to finally snap back to her senses.
“Oh, right! We need to remove one of his nails before killing him!”
No, that’s not it! We don’t need to kill him at all!
Ignoring my thoughts, Chris kept her eye focused on the penguin.
“What’s with this berserk little kid!?”
“I’m a woman!”
Hearing Chris’s spirited reply, the Penguin shuddered.
“Who cares if you are a guy or a girl! Is that a magic dagger? Or is it a cursed item? I can feel an extremely strong bloodlust towards devils emanating from that dagger! Just touching it causes me to go numb!”
“I would prefer to say that it has received a divine blessing! This is a powerful dagger specifically enchanted to deal with devils like you!”
Saying that, Chris picked up the dagger and got back into a combat stance.
“You crazy girl! Why do you have such a strong hatred for devils?!”
The penguin turned his back on us, and reached for his zipper.
“Crap, he’s trying to reveal his true body!”
Seeing that, Darkness threw herself at the penguin’s back and wrapped her arms around its neck, covering the zipper with her entire body.
It’s almost like seeing a girl play with a stuffed doll, but this is far from a game.
“I’ll restrain him with Bind! Big Boss, can you cut off the tip of his flippers!?”
Knowing what’s hiding inside, I know that it’d be extremely dangerous to allow him to pull his true body out of his suit.
I prepared my custom-ordered wire.
“Don’t worry about me, Kazuma! Restrain him along with me!”
“Bind!”
I restrained the penguin as Darkness instructed.
“Y-You little—!”
Being bound together with Darkness, the penguin desperately tried to reach for his zipper with his flippers.
At that moment…
“Ah!….Ah!”
Darkness couldn’t bear it and let out such a voice.
A black tentacle-like thing emerged from the rip left by Chris’s dagger, and spurted some kind of liquid onto Darkness’s back.
The sound of something burning could be heard from the moment it made contact with her bodysuit, accompanied by a whole lot of smoke.
I pulled out the shortsword that I hardly had the chance to use after buying it from my waist and slashed at it.
The tentacle that was burning Darkness’s back was severed and started flopping all over the place like a lizard’s tail.
“Assistant-kun, this devil is really disgusting!”
“It’s best that you don’t see what’s inside, then! It’s far more disgusting!”
Actually, where does this demon keep his nails?
Looking at the severed tentacle flopping around, I couldn’t see anything that resembled a claw.
“Darkness, please hang in there for just a while longer. I’ll get his nails-!”
Saying that, Chris slashed at the tip of the penguin’s wings with her dagger!
“AAAAAAAAH! Curse you! Would you stop using that dagger!?”
A pair of black tentacles emerged, one from the old tear in the suit and one from the freshly made hole at the tip of its wings, and shot towards Chris who went to pick up the severed wing tip.
But…!
“Hey, the only things tentacles are allowed to attack are Crusaders! This has been a rule since ancient times!”
Darkness, who was still bound to the penguin, trust her hands into both openings.
The sound of something burning can be heard.
At that moment, Chris, who went to check on the contents of the severed wingtip…
“Darkness, we have it! The nail of a devil! Assistant-kun, how long do you think your Bind will last?”
Chris joyfully exclaimed.
“I-I put my all into that Bind, so it probably will last for quite some time…”
“Darkness! I’ll cut that wire with my dagger, so hang on!”
Chris threw the severed wingtip to me in a panic, and slashed at the wire with her dagger-
“Sorry, that’s the special mithril alloy wire that I commissioned…”
“Aaaah, come on, why!?”
As the sound of something burning continues to fill the air, Darkness smiled at Chris who seemed to be on the verge of tears,
“Chris, I’ll be fine! More importantly, the two of you, take that nail and go!”
And suddenly said something so unsuited to her.
“Don’t worry, the Count knows who I am. He might vent his frustration on me, but he won’t kill me. Forget about me, hurry up and go!”
Darkness desperately said while sweating heavily from her forehead.
On the verge of tears, Chris raised her dagger.
“If I stab it with this dagger…”
“The more you stab it, the more tentacles he will be able to bring out! Just listen to her, Big Boss. Go bring the carriage over, there’s something I want to try.”
Saying that, I retrieved something from my bag.
It’s something that Aqua gave me after hearing that the guy is a diabolic acquaintance of Vanir.
“Assistant-kun, Darkness! Hang in there! I’ll be back very soon!”
Saying that, Chris flew out of the room!
“Darkness, I don’t care which one, just pull one of your hands out. I’ll take this chance to pour Aqua’s juice down the hole!”
“I-I got it. But you shouldn’t force yourself to stay! Hurry up and go! Even I won’t be able to hold out against such a strong opponent for long…!”
“Wha—Stop! What is this!? It hurts! My body is melting!
Even under such circumstances, Darkness still had an elated expression on her face.
And me who stayed behind to pour Aqua’s water into the suit…
“Darkness, show me your resolve! Show me that your stamina will not lose to any devil!”
“Leave it to me! Now, Lord Zereschrute, I might have lost to you this afternoon, but allow me to show you my true power!”
“Hey, why is this girl feeling elated? Is she crazy!? She’s crazy! She must be knocked in the head somewhere!”
After returning to Axel, we headed straight for the orphanage without taking any detours.
“Assistant-kun, Assistant-kun, Senpai’s at the orphanage, right? I have, you know… something urgent to attend to…”
Ah, I see.
There would be some kind of problem if you met up with her.
Though I find it extremely unlikely for that airheaded girl to figure out your true identity…
“Alright, I’ll pass your regards to everyone. You really helped us out, Big Boss.”
“Yeah, I’ll be going now.. Make sure this girl doesn’t push herself too far. And…”
Chris gently patted the soundly sleeping Darkness on the head.
“It’d be nice if I could tell her my true identity someday…”
Saying that, Chris shyly stood up and left.
—As Darkness held him down, I poured Aqua’s juice into the suit and somehow managed to pry her off the penguin after she fell unconscious.
At that moment, Eris-sama arrived and gave the devil the beating of his life.
It’s really hard to described what happened next. To be honest, I’m not sure what exactly took place.
Though there’s one thing I can be certain of; Eris-sama is really scary when she gets mad.
Lord Zereschrute was so eager to escape from the suit earlier, but the moment Eris-sama showed up he crawled back in and desperately tried to prevent his zipper from being opened, only for Eris-sama to casually pull him out. I could only watch their battle with amazement.
Even though Eris-sama consumed countless numbers of that devil’s lives, in the end, his only sin was being born a devil. Since he has not performed any evil deeds, Eris-sama eventually spared him from being completely erased from this world.
Then, Eris-sama turned back into Chris, and after loading the sleeping Darkness onto the carriage, traveled with us back to Axel-
—With the exhausted Darkness on my back, I opened the door to the orphanage
“I’ve brought back the ingredient we need! Hey, Aqua, please see to Darkness’s wounds! Is Sylphina still….”
What greeted me after opening the door was…
“Welcome home, Mommy!”
What is going on?
Sylphina came over to greet us with a bright smile on her face.
“Hey.”
Wait, just what is going on?
Why is this girl so energetic?
…At that time.
“Ah, Aah, Aaah!”
Darkness let out a joyous voice and I felt warm tears start rolling down my back.
It seems like she regained consciousness some time ago, and upon seeing this situation…
She leapt off my back and wrapped Sylphina in a hug.
“Well, Darkness seems to be pretty happy, so I guess it’s a good thing, but…”
Aqua emerged from under a futon in the middle of the room, which was surrounded by all kinds of offerings for some inexplicable reason.
“Oh, you’re back! Come and see how energetic these children are!”
Just what happened while we were gone?
Why is Vanir carrying a child on his back, why is Wiz slightly translucent and lying on the ground, and why is Megumin collapsed lifelessly over one of the tables…?
“You’re back. Welcome home.”
Megumin tiredly said as she lay on the table, just barely raising her head to face me.
“I managed to bring back the ingredients, but what’s up with this horrible scene?”
“Well… This is the result after Aqua got serious and repeatedly cast her healing magic trying to save the children. They were given far more vitality than they needed to beat the disease, and ended up far more energetic than anyone expected. As you can see, the results are…”
Hey, if that’s the case, wouldn’t things be fine even if we didn’t get the ingredient?
As I was thinking that, Vanir, who was piggybacking a child and entertaining him with some kind of rattle, said to me.
“Seems like all the ingredients have been assembled. If it weren’t for this woman’s efforts, most of the children in the orphanage would’ve been half dead by now. That muscle lady’s daughter might look healthy, but her body is still in a dreadful state, so it’s best to start brewing immediately. If it weren’t for this woman, you would’ve been cutting it close… Hey, storekeeper, it’s your turn to shine!”
Hearing the news from Vanir, I immediately retrieved the nail I got from the penguin and handed it over to Megumin.
“Great work, Darkness, Kazuma! Leave the rest to the number one genius of the Crimson Demons. Don’t worry, I spent many nights studying the recipe!”
–Brewing in progress–
“That’s wrong. You need to put this in first. I learnt that in school, so there’s no way I could be mistaken!”
“Nonsense! The knowledge of devils are the most accurate thing in this world! You can’t go wrong with following Moi’s instructions… Hey, you trouble-making woman, what did you just put in?”
“Don’t get in my way, you strange devil. What I just added it the Axis Cult’s Aqua water. With that, the effectiveness of the antidote will be massively boosted.”
“Why? Why do you always do something unnecessary!? Actually, what would you do if you accidentally touched the potion as it’s about to be completed and turned it into water!? Hurry up and get lost, you goddess of misfortune!”
“Everyone, as the owner of the magic shop, my recipe is obviously correct. Don’t worry, there aren’t any mistakes, so just follow my instructions!”
I opened the door of the orphanage,
“I don’t care what you guys do, just hurry it up!”
And angrily screamed at them.
END OF CHAPTER 6
“Owowowowow…! Hey, why do you only raise your claws against me!? We’ve lived under the same roof for almost a year by now. Isn’t it about time we reached some sort of understanding?”
One afternoon after lunch, Aqua had been bothering a napping Chomusuke on the sofa and earned herself a painful scratch on her fingers.
Chomusuke has always been full of mysteries, but recently she’s been gaining more and more human-like traits.
Specifically, she’s been demanding baths more adamantly and refusing to eat stuff like raw fish, leftovers or pet food.
“Ah! Stop right there! How dare you touch my biscuits! I hope you’re prepared for the consequence of stealing a goddess’ offerings!”
Case in point, she’s now stealing snacks from Aqua.
“This cat must really hate you. Even I’ve been getting along well with it. I often wake up from naps to it sleeping on my belly.”
“And why does that happen? Is it because the two of you are evil spirits, so that’s why you two get along so well? Cats symbolize laziness, right? Could it be attracted to the epitome of laziness?”
I can’t believe she has the gall to say that when she’s just as lazy as me.
As she spoke, Chomusuke, who was laying on top of the plate of biscuits, suddenly turned to stare sharply at Aqua.
“Oh, what’s this? Seems like you’re getting stared down right now. Let me translate her catspeak for you. ‘While cats do seem to symbolize laziness, their true duty is to bring happiness to people in a lazy way-nya. You have the least say out of anyone on the topic of laziness-nya. From now on, you should stop calling yourself the Goddess of Water and start calling yourself the Goddess of Sloth-nya.”
“You’re pretty brave to say that to my face! I will have to teach you and that arrogant ‘nya nya nya’ furball a lesson today!”
Seeing the Goddess of Violence charge forth, I picked up Chomusuke and backed off from her.
“In addition to sloth, why not list violence under your name too huh, you mad goddess!? Get rid of that irritable attitude right— Oh? What is it? Do you have something so say?”
Hearing my words, Chomusuke’s ears trembled slightly and she started nibbling my fingertip as if in protest.
Being half of the embodiment of sloth, it probably doesn’t like being taken away on a whim.
“Hey, Aqua, I wanna ask you something. Do you goddesses grow? Or in other words, say you lose more than half of your power, how would you go about replenishing it?”
“Isn’t it obvious? It’s obviously faith-based. The power of goddesses comes from their beloved followers. By the way, even goddesses grow too, you know? I’ve only stopped growing because my beauty and power are both maxed out.”
Where does this girl get her confidence from?
Though, I’ve heard something nice.
Gaining faith will speed up the process.
“…O goddess, hallowed be thy name…”
“Wait a minute, why are you suddenly praying to a cat? If you wanna pray, do it to me.”
As I clasped my hands and prayed to Chomusuke on the sofa in hopes of letting it regain its power sooner, Aqua tugged on my shirt.
At that moment,
“Oh, have my honest prayers been answered?”
“… … This thing… What does it find so attractive about Kazuma?”
Chomusuke tentatively patted my knee as I prostrated on the carpet, then dashed onto my thighs and balled up.
To willingly run to me, could this thing really be attracted to some kind of lazy aura like Aqua said?
Though, since it still recognizes Megumin as its owner, I have my doubts…
Then,
“I’m back.”
Megumin’s voice came from the front door.
Having done her daily explosion with Darkness, Megumin seemed completely drained as she flopped on top of the sofa.
When Megumin saw Chomusuke resting on my lap, she—
“Wuah, how could my familiar be sleeping in such a place without any consideration for its master who’s busy outside!? It’s been getting way too picky about food recently too. A willful demon like that deserves punishment!”
“Nyaaargh!”
—Swiftly grabbed Chomusuke and started playing with it.
Kicking around in retaliation, Chomusuke’s face was pulled into all sorts of funny expressions…
Ah, so that’s how it is.
This goddess embodies more aspects than just sloth, right…
“…? What is it, Kazuma? Why do you keep staring at my face like that?’
Megumin cocked her head and asked as she continued to play with Chomusuke.
“Sa-Say, Megumin, could you also let me hold Chomusuke?”
“I refuse. If you really want to touch this furball that badly, then go clean the bathroom in my stead today.”
“Ahhhh, how unreasonable!”
Lying on the sofa, Megumin showed an arrogant attitude fitting for the master of the violent, black furball.
At a modest magic item shop tucked away in the back alleys of Axel, the usual commotion could be heard.
“Shopkeeper with the rare skill of exclusively stocking up on trash, why don’t you go ahead and explain to Moi, why exactly is this garbage sitting in front of us?”
“Calling my skills rare… I’ll still buy this item even if you compliment me, Vanir-san.”
“Moi was not complimenting you, you useless shopkeep! Just tell me the good points of this product!”
After being startled by Vanir’s outburst, Wiz offered up a stuffed doll.
“The products I bought this time are stuffed animals. Of course, it’s not simply a cute looking toy. Behold! It’s a wondrous item that will automatically follow its owner once they are registered! By giving them to children, we’ll never have to worry about children getting lost ever again!”
“I see. Tell me, what exactly are its downsides?”
“Roger! It’ll always follow its owner even if they aren’t lost, so I suppose it might cause the children to cry when they wake up in the middle of the night to visit the toilet.”
Hearing that, Vanir silently crossed out the purchase papers.
“Vanir-san! Do you really wish to abandon the lost children of the world!?”
“Do you really want to hear the cries of children so badly?”
Such is the everyday sight that greeted us as we opened the door to the magic item shop.
After scolding Wiz, Vanir noticed our entrance and welcomed us with a wide smile.
A small flower appeared in front of Wiz.
The one who offered it to her was Sylphina.
She’s the noble girl that the town’s adventurers, along with various other people in this town, banded together to aid a couple of days ago.
“Onee-san, thank you very much for your help the other day.”
Wiz crouched down to be face-to-face with the shyly smiling girl and gave her a gentle smile.
“This is Wiz’s Magical Item Shop. It’s stocked full of various useful items. If you ever feel unwell again, or run into some other problem… Please feel free to visit anytime.”
Cheeky voices could be heard coming from the adventurer’s guild.
“Mommy!”
“You think you can make fun of the nobility and they’ll just take it lying down? Stay right there! I’ll kill all of you!”
Her face bright red, Darkness swung her fist at the adventurer who screamed ‘Mommy’ at her, who easily dodged the swing and continued his mockery.
“Mommy, why you angry? I’m hungry, mommy! Give me boobie-Gaaah!”
His teasing was interrupted by Darkness grabbing him by the neck, causing him to let out a chicken-like squawk.
Darkness, who was about to pop a vein, smiled after finally getting ahold of the adventurer.
Just then,
“Come on, Darkness, acting so violently during a party is against etiquette, you know? Look at everyone having fun. Is it really so hard to read the mood?”
Hearing Aqua acting so elegantly, Darkness released the adventurer who was teasing her and dropped to her knees.
“A-Aqua is telling me to read the mood…”
Seems like she received quite a huge shock from that.
One of the female adventurers approached her with a wide grin on her face.
“Mommy! I need your help collecting ingredients for my cure, so boobie- ah, wait, ow ow ow ow!”
The woman mocking Darkness shrieked as Darkness grabbed her breasts.
“If you want boobs so much, why don’t you use your own!? Here, I’ll squeeze them for you!”
“Stop! Lalatina-chan, stop! You’re tearing them off!”
It hasn’t been long since Darkness’s daughter- I mean, cousin fell ill and we struggled to gather the ingredients to cure her.
The effects of the medicine were stunning, and she almost instantly recovered enough to accompany us on a picnic. Now, she’s well enough to commute to school from Darkness’s home every day.
Then, Sylphina said that she would like to thank all the adventurers who helped her.
Seeing Darkness bring Sylphina to the guild, one of the adventurers called for a celebratory toast, and this is the result.
“There’s a child here, so stop screaming about boobs this and boobies that! Megumin’s mood is getting worse, so let’s put a stop to all this boob talk right here!”
“You’re the one who said it the most, Aqua! And I’m not in a bad mood, don’t make it sound like I have a complex about my breasts!”
The guild has pretty much completely turned into a party hall. It’s filled with the clinking of mugs and cheers to Sylphina’s recovery.
And at the center of it all is, of course…
“T-Thank you very much, everyone. I’ve recovered thanks to you…”
Sylphina said in a soft voice, slightly embarrassed and blushing red, but with a smile on her face.
Hearing her words of gratitude, the adventurers cheered yet again.
“Right, it’s Darkness’s treat, so let’s drink till we drop! I’m in a good mood today, so let me show you my special party trick!”
“Uuu, I feel like I always end up getting teased whenever I visit the adventurer’s guild recently… Just why did it end up like this…?”
By this point, Darkness was completely surrounded by a crowd of drunk adventurers repeatedly chanting ‘boobies’.
Seeing Darkness hang her head in embarrassment, I stood in front of her.
“Alright, cut it out!”
“Ka-Kazuma…”
The guild fell silent after my roar.
Feeling Darkness’s expectant gaze on my back, I raised my voice and loudly declared,
“Her boobs belong only to me!”
“I’ll kill you!”
Darkness proceeded to strangle me.
And a healthy-looking Sylphina smiled as she looked upon this scene.
– My name is Satou Kazuma
My life has been quite peaceful as of late.
Thinking back, I accepted coming to this world because I admired typical fantasy adventures, but I haven’t been able to go on any adventurer-like quests until recently.
But just the other day, I completed an actual, proper-sounding quest to save a sick girl.
I faced many strong enemies, saved the girl, and reached a happy ending where I lived comfortably with my companions.
It wouldn’t be a bad way to close the curtains on the adventures of a certain hikikomori…
Yeah, now should be the time for proper heroes who’ve received actual powers to step in.
I’m not the protagonist of some fantasy story.
I should spend the rest of my days in peace while praying for world peace.
And thus…
“Right, then please sign or stamp here. Thank you very much! We’ll be receiving many other high-quality ingredients in the future, so please visit us again. Thank you for your patronage!”
“Ah, thank you! I’ll hit you up again soon!”
I wish to live a luxurious and elegant life as a rich man.
“…Say, Kazuma, just what exactly did you order?”
“This? Hehe, listen and be amazed! This is that famous dragon meat!”
On that day.
After receiving the package from a peddler of high-quality ingredients, I proudly held it up above my head and showed it off to Darkness.
“Dragon meat!? You splurged again!?”
As its name suggests, it’s the meat of a dragon, the strongest monster. It’s a high-quality ingredient that’s said to be able to raise a person’s stats just by consuming it.
“Shut up, you penniless noble! You don’t understand the economy at all!”
“Eh?”
Darkness let out a surprised yelp as I thrust my finger at her.
“Listen up, Darkness, someone who can easily earn big bucks like me needs to constantly spend that money instead of simply sitting on it. If too many rich people sit on their money, it’ll cause the economy to stagnate. If anything, what I’m doing now is a praiseworthy act of charity.”
My information is definitely reliable.
I saw it on TV, after all.
“Is-Is that so? I was taught to keep my feet firmly planted on the ground, so I don’t usually splurge on luxuries…”
Darkness had a wavering expression on her face, and I waggled my finger in front of her.
“You really are foolish. There’s a proper reason for nobles to throw extravagant parties, you know? When rich nobles spend money, the money will end up in the hands of the commoners in the town. And when the commoners have money, that will naturally attract merchants seeking to make a profit off them. When a city has more merchants, life in the town will become more comfortable and bustling. Once such rumours spread, new residents will be attracted to live in the town, and as the residents in the city increase, so would the tax revenue that the nobles collect.”
“Wha… I-Is that how it works?!”
Darkness sounded impressed after hearing my explanation.
I just randomly made up such lines in order to support my behavior now that I’m a rich man. Is it really okay for a noble lady to be so gullible?
“That’s why I’m living such a luxurious life. Plus, I’ve heard that eating dragon meat can raise your stats. My stats haven’t been increasing much recently even after leveling up from eating high-quality ingredients. I’m just using my wealth to further raise my power in preparation for future battles with the Demon King’s Generals.”
“Ka-Kazuma… you even thought that far… In that case, I’ll use my family’s funds to buy dragon meat for you.”
This girl is just way too gullible.
Trusting an amateur’s opinion so easily makes me uncomfortable too, you know?
“W-well, we shouldn’t take it too far. And, you know, eating dragon meat every day will get tiresome, so we don’t have to buy it every day. I just heard it was a high-quality ingredient, so I bought it to sample…”
“I didn’t expect you to be willing to brave the tough and stinky dragon meat to become stronger… I really misjudged you. I don’t really like eating dragon meat because it’s so disgusting, but… It’ll be fine. This is to raise our power as adventurers, so I’m sure my father will understand.”
Eh?
“Hey, is dragon meat really tough and stinky? It’s a high-quality ingredient, so isn’t it supposed to be delicious?”
“Dragons are the strongest of monsters. They are mostly muscle with little fat to speak of, and their flesh stinks just like the flesh of other carnivores. It’s only high-quality because it increases your stats if you eat it.”
Ehh…
“Say, Megumin, do you have any interest in high-quality-”
“I have pride in my lineage as a Crimson Demon, so why would I have any interest in the power of dragons? You can have that draconic power all to yourself.”
Megumin interrupted me as she played with Chomusuke, who was sleeping on the carpet.
“… Aqua, you’re a gourmet like me, so-”
“I already have high stats, so there’s no point in raising them any higher. I’ll pass on dragon’s meat. You can savour it all by yourself, weakling.”
Aqua, who was laying on the sofa while waving her legs around, said such heartless things.
“What are you saying?! You’re eating this too! Maybe some dragon meat will finally raise that pitiful intelligence of yours!”
“Whose intelligence is pitiful, you brute!? The brilliant me has no need for that stuff. Look at this! Would someone with pitiful intelligence be capable of making such a thing?”
Aqua, who had been messing around with something while humming a tune for quite some time, proudly showed what she was working on to me.
“Clay figurine number two, Explosion Maniac Megumin! I’m quite proud of how this turned out. I’m sure it’ll fetch quite a high price.”
“Hold on, Aqua! That’s what you were making with all that clay? You didn’t add any dangerous details under the dress, did you?!”
What Aqua showed off was a 1/12 scale Megumin clay doll that wouldn’t seem out of place next to the figurines of my world.
She gathered clay from the garden this morning and somehow turned that into this highly detailed figurine in front of me. I could even see a flash of her underwear beneath the folds of her dress.
“I couldn’t help it, I ran out of pocket money. That strange devil said that he’ll buy anything of worth I wish to sell, so I’ve been making figurines of the adventurers in Axel and selling it to him.”
“Then you could’ve just made figurines of yourself! Ah, hold on, it feels like the panties can be removed too! You didn’t…!”
….
“Say, can you sell that to me?”
“I’ll give you a discount.”
“I’ll blow both of you up! Give that to me, Aqua! In the first place, didn’t you already get some pocket money from Kazuma!? What do you keep spending all of it on!?”
Megumin started snatching at the figurine, and Aqua fiercely resisted.
Then, with a wavering voice, Darkness said towards Aqua,
“Hey, Aqua, about what you said earlier… you said it’s clay figurine number 2, right? Then, number one is…”
“Clay figurine number one is scantily-clad noble, Lewdtina. It was really tough to recreate the lewd negligee you often wear as of late. Though, I got quite a good price for it.”
Darkness rushed out of the house before Aqua could complete her sentence.
I’ll have her recreate the scantily clad noble for me later.
–Just then,
Almost immediately after Darkness rushed through it, someone knocked softly on the front door and opened it.
Just as I was about to ask if she forgot something and looked over,
“Umm, is Megumin here?”
I saw Yunyun standing at the door with a basket full of fruits in one hand, acting really suspiciously for some reason–
“-It’s just low-grade tea, but, please enjoy.”
“T-Thank you very much.”
Just as Yunyun sat on the sofa, Aqua quickly offered her some freshly-brewed tea.
Perhaps because she finds visiting a friend’s house a novel experience no matter how many times she comes here, Yunyun restlessly looked around the place.
“Um, this is just a simple gift, but…”
Almost as if in exchange, Yunyun placed the fruit basket on the table.
“… Well, it’s nice for you to bring gifts, but what did you come here for?”
Megumin asked as she looked through the fruits in the basket, and Yunyun brought out a letter.
“This is a letter I got from the village…”
Megumin opened the letter, and Aqua and I shifted next to her so we could read it as well.
Yunyun gazed into the teacup that Aqua offered her with a troubled expression.
Glancing in the cup, I noticed that all that is in there is hot water.
…I think it’d be best to teach Aqua how to properly brew a cup of tea soon.
In place of Megumin, who has already read further ahead, I read the letter out loud.
“Let’s see… My glorious comrades, the time has come. Now’s the time to sharpen your axes and show off the fangs that you’ve so carefully honed. May all who have received this letter return to the Crimson Demon Village within the month-”
This letter goes on like this for quite some time, but in short, the Crimson Demons are about to perform the ceremony to choose their next chief, and this letter is an invitation to anyone who wishes to toss their name into the hat.
Having finished reading the letter, Megumin clenched her fist and confidently declared,
“I see, so you acknowledge me as a potential chief of the Crimson Demons. Very well, let’s make preparations for the journey, Yunyun! Let me demonstrate that I am indeed the one most suitable to be declared the most exalted of the Crimson Demons!”
“Eeh? You need to at least know Advanced Magic and Teleport to even undertake the trial, you know? And we don’t need to make any preparations, I can take us there in an instant with Teleport.”
Hearing Yunyun’s words, Megumin dropped her fist.
“…Then why did you bring this letter to me?”
“Knowing you, if I don’t tell you in advance, I’m sure you’ll come and make trouble for me. You’re my rival… Ow! C-cut it out! Don’t vent your anger on me just because you don’t have the qualifications to take the trial.”
Megumin, who grabbed Yunyun’s shoulder and started shaking her, looked at me with a placid expression.
“Kazuma, seems like she’s done with her business here, so shall we get to work on dinner?”
“Yeah, we should. Hey, it’s getting late, so why don’t you join us for dinner, Yunyun? You even brought us a gift, after all.”
Yunyun broke out into a wide smile upon hearing that.
“C-Can I?! But having dinner together feels like a family affair, so I feel like I shouldn’t be here, actually in the first place visiting this late is my fault, so, sorry, Kazuma-san, but showing up at a friend’s house uninvited and joining them for dinner is, ah, no, it’s not like I dislike it, actually I’m really happy that you invited me and-”
“Oh shut up, it’s just having dinner together! You don’t need to get that excited over it!”
Megumin cut Yunyun off as she excitedly broke out into rapid-fire speech. At the same time, I moved over to the kitchen and started making preparations.
After that, Yunyun was served the somewhat foul-tasting dragon meat. That, coupled with being served warm water earlier, made her think that we didn’t like her for barging in so suddenly and eventually resulted in her crying..
The next day, Megumin, Aqua, and I visited the magic item shop.
“Wiz, Vanir, are you here? I had some free time, so I came to visit…”
As I opened the door to the store, the sounds of a quarrel reached my ears.
“Why, why can’t you just listen what Moi says! Moi is the devil that sees through all! If you would just listen to me and follow my instructions, you wouldn’t end up in the red! Why must you attract garbage to you like a lamp attracts bugs in the summer!?”
“If I only listen to what Vanir-san says, then it might as well be your shop! I want to make this shop prosper together with you, Vanir-san! We are immortal, so we can both take our time! And the items I brought in today aren’t garbage!”
Seems like Vanir and Wiz were arguing inside the shop.
“What are you guys arguing about this early in the morning? Did Wiz bring in some strange products again?”
“Oh, if it isn’t the newly-rich brat! Moi has gotten some really good products today! Hey, hurry up and get rid of that garbage!”
Vanir launched into a suspicious-sounding sales pitch upon seeing me
Upon hearing his words, Wiz immediately hugged the huge box placed by her feet.
“I’ll say it upfront, but I don’t need it. Anyway, it doesn’t seem like Darkness has arrived yet. I heard her say that she was going to bring Sylphina here to thank you for all the help you’ve provided during that incident.”
“The best form of thanks would be to buy those pieces of trash off my hands. Still, she really is an honest noble lady. She tearfully bought the scantily-clad noble figurine at double the price last night. Anyway, brat who’s been proceeding well with your companions recently, Moi really has a good deal for you today, so why not hear me out?”
Vanir slipped a bottle into my hand while Megumin and Aqua were distracted by the box that Wiz was protecting.
“I won’t buy anything that seems suspicious… what’s this?”
“It’s a contraceptive. By the way, it goes for ten thousand eris.”
…
“Right.”
I discreetly slipped the money to Vanir while everyone was looking away.
“Thank you for your patronage! If a man takes a sip from it, it’ll remain effective for a week. And, esteemed customer, there are some energizing potions and aromatics that will help put things in the mood here that will go well with that…”
“I’ll buy them. I’ll buy them all.”
“Thank you very much!”
Hearing me answer without hesitation, Megumin came over.
“You look pretty pleased with yourself, just what did you buy?”
“I bought some things to protect my companions. You’re all my important companions, after all. It wouldn’t do to start panicking if something does happen.”
I said that with a straight face, and Megumin suddenly became bashful.
“After saving Sylphina the other day… You always have your companions in mind…”
“Uh, yeah.”
Facing her innocent gaze, I gave a vague answer while carefully stowing the bottle away.
This is just as a precaution, there’s no need for me to feel guilty about it.
And I shouldn’t have said anything that would arouse her suspicions.
-Just then,
The door opened with a slam, and someone rushed into the store.
I thought that it was Darkness for a moment. It wouldn’t be too odd for her to barge in like this.
When I turned around,
“Vanir-sama, please help me-!”
Something black was screaming and hurtling towards me. At that moment,
“Sacred High Exorcism!”
“Byaaaaaa!”
The penguin-like costume thing was purified by Aqua’s magic.
“What’s with this pen-pen? Hey, Kazuma, this pen-pen just reeks of a devil. I really hate that it looks this cute while smelling like that.”
The familiar penguin collapsed to the floor.
Judging from the sound it made, it seems like it was completely empty now.
“You really have no mercy… This is the something-or-the-other count that we visited in order to get the ingredient we need for Sylphina’s cure… Though it seems like he’s dead now.”
“I see, so this is the devil that bullied Darkness. I just let my magic loose because I felt something unpleasant, but this is fine. I wanted to go exorcise him after hearing the story from you.”
“That’s unfair, Aqua. I wanted to take revenge for Darkness too…”
Ignoring us, Vanir sighed and went to the penguin’s side. He slightly opened the zipper on the penguin’s back and softly blew into the gap.
As he did so, the empty costume suddenly started inflating again-
“Eh?”
After Vanir zipped the costume again, the penguin leapt to his feet.
“Sacred High-”
“Hey, stop that, you’ll vanquish him again. Come on, he’s already scared out of his wits.”
The trembling penguin hurriedly hid behind the shelf upon seeing Aqua start chanting her magic again.
“V-V-Vanir-sama, this violent blue-haired woman, could she be…”
“Yes, as you might have suspected, she’s our natural enemy. Your remaining lives were all purified by her upon entering my store, but because you expired in front of me, Moi was able to restore one of your lives. However, if you run into her in the future without me around, then that’ll be it.”
The penguin trembled even more violently.
Seeing that, Aqua started swinging her fist in his direction, as if to threaten him.
“Um… I don’t know who you are, but you are an acquaintance of Vanir-san, yes? I’ll go put on some tea.”
“A-Ah, I don’t need to eat or drink, so you don’t have to do that for me…”
Still hugging the box, Wiz casually welcomed the penguin.
As Megumin and I leisurely savoured the tea that Wiz brought out, Vanir tilted his head in confusion.
“So, what brings you here today, Zereschrute? Actually, you are a high-ranking devil in your own right, so Moi really didn’t expect you to be vanquished from just a single blow. What happened to the other lives you had in stock?”
“T-that’s… I ran into a big problem recently…”
Every time their eyes meet, Aqua would strike a spell casting pose to threaten him. Trembling, the penguin squeaked,
“The Goddess Eris has been appearing at my castle every day to kill me. That’s why all my lives are gone.”
I spat out my tea.
I heard that she has no mercy for devils, but what the hell is that goddess doing?
Are goddesses always that free?
Or is she taking revenge after seeing her old pal Darkness treated so horribly?
Seems like she didn’t let him go the last time because she was merciful, but merely because she was prioritizing treating Darkness and bringing back the ingredient.
“Say, Kazuma, I’m starting to feel sorry for this penguin. Of course, I still won’t let him off.”
“No, actually, do let him off. He’s an aristocrat of this country, and from what I know he’s been doing a pretty good job…”
And, even though Darkness did suffer at his hands, he only did that in retaliation after we attacked him to steal the ingredient, so it’s not like he’s particularly wicked or anything.
Plus, he did agree to our request at first. It’s only because we couldn’t fulfill his condition that we ended up having to sneak in at night and take the ingredient by force.
…Hold on.
Even if he is a devil, wouldn’t that still make us the bad guys?
Just then, the penguin appeared to take notice of me.
“Hey, aren’t you the young man who was with Lady Darkness back then? Could you please tell your companion to lay off me? I’m merely an upstanding devil that enjoys the feelings of anguish and humiliation. You seem to know Goddess Eris somehow, so can you please help me out here?”
“I would like to help, but it’s not like I can contact her anytime I want.”
There is a surefire way for me to meet with her, but that would involve giving up one of my extra lives.
Well, I don’t have extra lives in the first place, but…
“Is that so… I quite liked that castle, but it seems like I have no choice but to let it go…”
Watching the penguin depressedly flop down onto the floor, I couldn’t help but feel sorry for him.
“So, what do you intend to do from now? Moi would not recommend living in this town. There’s a rabid, devil-hating hound that claims this place as her territory, after all.”
“I heard that the Succubi have set up shop in this town, so I came to ask if I could be hired as a bouncer or helper. And if a customer with some special tastes show up, with the aid of the Succubi, I’ll be able to taste my favourite feelings of anguish and humiliation. I thought it was a good plan, but…”
“I’ll immediately exorcise you if I see you in this town.”
The penguin recoiled in fear as Aqua thrust her finger at him.
Aqua and Megumin seemed to have something in mind, and approached the penguin from both sides.
“Aqua, there’s a zipper on the back. I really want to see what’s inside.”
“Yeah, you shouldn’t be fooled by his cute appearance. Oh, what’s with this flipper!? Hurry up and show us what’s inside! Otherwise I’ll purify you!”
“Don’t, wait, stop!”
Just as the penguin started scuffling over the zipper with Aqua and Megumin, another knock rapped on the door.
Accompanied by the sound of a bell, the door swung open once more.
“Sorry to disturb you, Wiz, Vanir. I’m sure you’ve heard from Kazuma, but I’m here today to than-…eh?”
The person who entered the store was Darkness.
And next to her was Sylphina, shyly clinging on to her waist.
“Well, well, if it isn’t Lady Dustiness who invaded my castle the other day and made a right mess of things. Hehehe, to think we would meet again like this…”
The Penguin laughed as he turned towards the surprised Darkness.
*Blow*
“Ahhhh!”
But in doing so, he revealed the zipper on his back, which Aqua immediately unzipped before blowing a puff of air into the opening.
Seems like even the breath of a goddess is harmful to devils.
“W-Why is Lord Zereschrute here?”
In contrast to Darkness’s shocked expression, Sylphina’s eyes glimmered upon seeing the penguin roll about.
“I’m saying this for your own good, but I think it’ll be best if you hurry up and leave this town.”
I took pity on the penguin and pulled his zipper up for him.
“Even if you say that, I escaped from my castle in the middle of the night, so I don’t have any money nor a place to stay.”
The penguin sounded like he was on the verge of tears.
Is he really the same devil that gave off such a final boss feeling back then?
Just then, I felt a tug on my sleeve.
“Young man, is the girl next to Darkness the one you needed the medicine for?”
The penguin cutely tilted his head.
“Yeah. Her name is Sylphina. She’s Darkness’s daughter.”
“Hey, Kazuma, stop saying that she’s my daughter… N-No, you’re my daughter, Sylphina, so don’t make such a face.”
Darkness hastily corrected herself after seeing Sylphina’s sorrowful look.
Hearing that, the penguin frantically flapped his flippers.
“Oh, it’s good to see that she’s well! You don’t need to be so guarded, Lady Dustiness. As a devil, it’s only natural for me to come to blows with a Crusader. I don’t hold a grudge over that incident.”
“I don’t really get it, but if you say so… Still, what are you doing so far from your territory?”
— I explained the circumstances to Darkness.
“… Say, Kazuma, you met with Eris-sama when you died, right? Does she seem like she has a lot of free time on her hands?”
“You’ll receive divine punishment if you say that sort of things. Rather than having free time, it’s more like she’s taking revenge for you.”
Though I’m pretty sure at least fifty percent of it is just because she hates devils.
“I-is that so? Why is Eris-sama keeping such a close eye on me… Still, I’m terribly sorry, Lord Zereschrute. You might be a devil, but it’s not like you’ve done any wicked acts…”
Darkness deeply apologized to the penguin, who had Sylphina’s arms wrapped tightly around his neck.
“No, there’s no need to apologize. Managing a territory is fun, but it’s about time I moved on to something new. But, if you really feel that way, I would appreciate it if you could use the backing of the Dustiness house to allow me to live in this town.”
“Don’t get ahead of yourself just because you’ve helped Darkness’s child. She seems quite attached to you, so I won’t purify you in front of her, but I make no such guarantees if we were to meet on a secluded street somewhere.”
I can’t tell who’s the actual devil now. The penguin, trembling in the face of Aqua’s threats, hid behind me, dragging Sylphina in tow.
His actions may seem cute, but knowing what exactly is hiding inside of that suit, I couldn’t help but get goosebumps.
–Just then,
“Emergency quest! Emergency quest! All adventurers in town, please gather at the guild hall immediately.”
The emergency announcement that I haven’t heard for a long time echoed through the town.
We traded a look.
“Before you say it, I didn’t do anything.”
“Hey, why are you staring at me like that, Kazuma? I don’t know anything about this.”
“I’ve got no idea about this either. I’ve been properly toeing the regulations concerning the locations and usage of Explosion.”
That leaves….
“Hey, don’t look at me. I’m the one who’s the least likely to cause any trouble. That tax collection incident only happened because the guild came to consult me.”
Just as Darkness frantically denied it after everyone’s gaze fell upon her, the voice of the guild lady took on a somewhat joyous tone.
“I repeat, all adventurers within the town, please gather at the guild hall immediately…. All adventurers…”
The announcer took a deep breath,
“The Treasure Island has appeared!”
Hearing that, Vanir and Wiz immediately rushed out through the door without even a backwards glance.
No, it’s not just them, even Aqua has vanished from the store before I noticed.
“Hey, what is going on? Explain it- damn, you’re fast!”
I rushed out after the three, only to see them off in the far distance.
“What’s up with them!? Leaving Vanir and Aqua aside, even Wiz ran out like she was possessed.”
“What are you saying, Kazuma? It’s the Treasure Island! It’s a literal island of treasure! We shouldn’t be wasting time here, let’s hurry up and go!”
With her eyes glowing like she really was possessed, Megumin too flew out of the store.
“I-I’ll have to stay here to take care of Sylphina…”
Leaving Darkness who said that and the penguin to take care of the store, I ran out behind Megumin and the others.
On the way to the guild, I ran across many other adventurers who looked just as frantic.
Most of them were armed with pickaxes, carrying a large rucksack and wearing a helmet.
As I neared the guild, I ran into Aqua and the others who dashed out ahead of me.
Aqua had a pickaxe in her hand as well. Was the guild renting them out?
“Kazuma! I picked up a set for you! Come on, let’s head out of town! Hurry!”
Saying that, Aqua handed over a helmet, a rucksack, and a pickaxe to me
Seems like something’s happened outside of town.
“Hey, come on, properly explain it to me already! Just what is a Treasure Island? Judging from the name and your reactions, it seems to be a pretty profitable quest, but…”
I asked Aqua as I chased after her after properly securing the items she handed me.
“Treasure Island is the common name of the genbu. A giant tortoise known as a genbu has appeared outside of town. The genbu spends most of its time underground, and only surfaces once every ten years. It’s said that it rises up to sun its shell in order to rid itself of the mushrooms, parasites, and other harmful creatures that have taken root on its body, but no one knows for sure. What we do know is that it will remain on the surface until the sun goes down. And genbu lives on a diet of precious gems and metals deep underground, and such precious gems and metals will be stuck to its shell.”
Megumin explained as she ran next to me.
I see, so that’s why everyone’s bringing pickaxes with them.
They are going to use it to dig up the precious metals and gems stuck to the genbu’s shell while it’s up here.
“Isn’t that giant tortoise going to attack the people digging into its shell? And there are already a lot of adventurers who went on ahead of us. Won’t it all be gone by the time we get there?”
In response, Aqua said,
“The Treasure Island is a very docile creature. As long as no one does anything too crazy, it won’t attack people. And there’s no need to worry about all the treasure being gone. Soon, you’ll see why people call it a Treasure Island… Anyway, what is the weird devil doing here? Genbu are divine beasts. Divine beasts are the enemies of devils, you know?”
“If it were up to me, Moi wouldn’t be doing this either! But this useless shopkeeper once again bought some garbage and put us in the red again! If Moi doesn’t do something soon, this month’s rent will be…”
“It’ll be fine, Vanir-san! We might be in the red now, but if I properly raise the goods I bought, I’m sure we’ll end up making a huge profit… s-so don’t look at me like so coldly, you’re scaring me!”
Looks like the store isn’t doing so well. As usual.
A devil and a lich hauling pickaxes to do manual labour in order to repay their debts… it really is tough to live in this world.
“… Am I dreaming?”
There’s a large hill in front of me.
No, this can be said to be a mountain.
Just outside the gates laid a gigantic creature that could very easily be mistaken for a small mountain.
Its size was comparable to the Tokyo Dome that I saw as a kid.
Lying next to the yawning chasm that the creature probably crawled out of, the beast known as a Treasure Island let out a yawn with its fissure-like mouth as it leisurely laid in the sun.
Yeah, this definitely is worthy of being called a divine beast.
Unlike a certain self-proclaimed divine being that only eats and sleeps all day, this one is far more deserving of the faith of the people.
The Treasure Island was laying down with its legs splayed out.
A large number of adventurers were already crawling all over it, picking away at the rock-like shell with their pickaxes.
Even though there were a lot of people pecking away at its shell, the Treasure Island didn’t seem to be angry at all, instead contentedly closing its eyes.
Ropes hung off the top of that rocky mountain, and the adventurers worked their way up, almost as if they were going rock climbing.
… Yeah, I understand what Aqua was saying now.
It’s impossible to mine all of this out in less than half a day.
“Let’s go, Kazuma! We have until sunset! We are going to dig until our rucksacks are full to bursting!”
Aqua has already climbed up on top of the mountain using one of the ropes.
Perhaps because they were still feeling the pinch from the recent tax collection, the surrounding adventurers were all excitedly digging into the mountain with their pickaxes.
I’m already rich, but even so, I can’t just ignore this pile of  money that just dropped in front of me.
I don’t know how much money I’ll make, but it’s definitely worth my time.
“Right, now that I’m here, time to put in some effort… Oh, isn’t that Dust and the others? They are here too?”
I felt slightly more at ease after seeing a familiar face as I scaled up the mountain.
After climbing up to the top, we started chipping away at a nearby rock formation.
Perhaps because they didn’t want to mess up their hair, Aqua and Wiz both went without helmets.
My pickaxe struck a lump of ore and scattered shimmering stones all over the shell.
Just how much is each stone worth?
“… Say, I don’t know how much this is worth, but is it really that easy to make money with this? Actually, aren’t there only adventurers here? There isn’t much danger, so wouldn’t it be better to get the citizens out to help too?”
No matter where I looked, the only people I could see were adventurers.
It’s just digging through rock. The engineering crew I worked with when I first came into this world would probably be better suited for this task.
Aqua answered my question.
“It’s obviously because it’s dangerous.”
…Huh?
Just then, someone let out a loud scream.
“Aaaah, crap! I dug into a rock mimic!”
Turning towards the source of the sound, I saw an adventurer trying to fend off several squishy, octopus like creatures with a pickaxe.
“H-hey, what is that? Isn’t this bad? Hey guys, should we hurry up and help…?”
Those creatures had rock-like skin that seemed to perfectly blend into their surroundings as they moved.
Ah, I see. Rock mimic.
But Aqua and Wiz were so completely focused on their digging that they didn’t even turn to look at him.
“Leave them alone! Everyone here is an adventurer! They’ve already resolved themselves to die at any moment! Going out there to help him would be to trample all over that resolve!”
“Exactly! Even if they can’t fend them off by themselves, dying on a quest is an honour for an adventurer! And… And my debts…!”
“A-Are you really fine with that? What happened to your humanity?”
Oh, right, these two aren’t humans.
The man who was attacked by the rock mimics cried out.
“Pl-Please help me!”
“… He’s crying out for help, you know? Are you sure you want to leave him alone, you self-proclaimed whatever?”
“Ahahahaha! This is high-quality manatite! And this one is flaretite! I was worried about my lack of pocket money, but I’ll have more than enough after this!”
The self-proclaimed whatever has long since stopped listening to me.
Conversely, the lich that was supposed to be the enemy of humanity seems to not be so heartless as to abandon him to his fate.
“Uuu…. I’ll be able to cover rent somehow if I sell my body… don’t worry, I won’t die even if I sell my body… yes, I won’t die…”
While saying some incredible things, Wiz dropped her pickaxe and rushed over to the man.
“Hey, Wiz, just stay here and dig, I’ll go help him in your place!”
Selling your body…
Is she seriously saying that…?
I called after her, but Wiz merely turned around and smiled.
“It’ll be fine, Kazuma-san. A lich’s fingernails and hair have high concentrations of mana. I’ll be able to get quite a bit of money by selling them as materials to the adventurer’s guild.”
“W-Wait, stop. Seriously, stop! That’s what you mean by selling your body? Anyway, all we have to do is to quickly help him out and get back to mining. Hey, Megumin, Aqua, let’s go. It’ll be over in a flash with the four of us here.”
Unfortunately, I didn’t have my sword or armor with me.
Armed with only a pickaxe, Megumin and I headed over to the rock mimics.
Seems like the self-proclaimed whatever couldn’t just stand by after hearing my words.
“Tsk, just when time is of the essence… You damned rock mimics dare get in my way!? Eat this!”
Aqua screamed as she savagely hacked into the rock mimics with her pickaxe.
A goddess, blinded by greed, mercilessly hacking apart a living creature with a pickaxe.
Now that I’m rich, I can properly appreciate just how terrible the smile of that goddess is.
“Normally Moi would rather puke blood than lend a helping hand to a goddess, but I’ll ignore it just this once. Let’s just hurry up and get this over with. Vanir-Style Death Ray!”
Just as Aqua savagely finished off a single rock mimic, Vanir, who had been mining away at his own rock pile some distance away, turned around and shot a black beam from his eyes.
A group of rock mimics were hit by the malevolent light and vanished, along with a good chunk of the surrounding rock.
“Hey, if you could’ve taken care of them so easily, you should’ve done it from the start!”
“Oh, shut up! This month’s rent isn’t some kind of joke, it’s a matter of life and death! I hope you are satisfied with that, useless shopkeep! Hurry up and clear some of your debts!”
I had some misgivings upon hearing Vanir’s uncharacteristically urgent voice.
Vanir is usually composed. It’s really rare to see him act like this.
The adventurer who was saved quickly bowed and went back to his work.
I may have a few misgivings, but right now it’s best to get back to chipping away at this.
— About half a day has passed since then.
Dragging full rucksacks behind them, Megumin and Aqua came down in front of me who had gotten fed up with digging a long time before they did.
Still, my rucksack is already full of high quality ore.
At dusk, the Treasure Island is no longer a mass of rock. Patches of its original shell are peeking through all over.
The beautiful, pitch-black shell gleamed in the evening sun, tough enough that even a direct hit from a pickaxe wouldn’t leave a scratch.
The other adventurers were pretty much satisfied with their haul by now.
All of them gathered quite some distance away to gaze upon the Treasure Island.
The Treasure Island glanced back at us as we gathered near the gate of the town.
It’s almost as if it was saying, ‘are you really satisfied with that?’
Seeing that, I remembered something that has been weighing on me.
The mass of rock on the summit of its shell is still completely intact.
I’m sure that its shell will shine brilliantly if that piece was removed.
“… Say, Megumin, can you do something for me?”
The uneasiness of leaving something half-done was nagging at me. In order to quell that feeling, I whispered to Megumin.
“…Eeh!? A-Are you sure? Well, I haven’t used my Explosion yet today, and it’s certainly a suitable target for my one day, one explosion routine…”
Well, there’s only really one thing I would turn to Megumin for.
“But are you really sure about this? Treasure Islands are docile creatures, but if you blast one with Explosion, it might just anger it enough to attack. Plus, there’s an ironclad rule amongst us adventurers to never attack a Treasure Island…”
I assured the reluctant Megumin.
“Well, it’s just my intuition, but the Treasure Island won’t get angry. If anything, it’ll probably be elated. It’ll be fine as long as you follow my instructions and don’t hit it directly. So, please, Megumin.”
After receiving my encouragement, Megumin reluctantly started preparing to cast her spell.
“I’m not responsible for what happens after this, okay? And even an explosion artisan like me might slip up sometimes.”
You’re an Archwizard, since when did you become an artisan?
As the adventurers gave thanks to the Treasure Island for bringing them that unexpected windfall, Megumin started chanting her spell.
“Eh? Wait, what are you two doing?”
Just as the adventurers were startled by Aqua’s words, Megumin completed her spell.
“Explosion!!!”
The bright light that Megumin created exploded just above the Treasure Island, blasting away the mass of rock that stubbornly clung to its summit.
In addition, the small pieces of rock remaining all over its shell were blasted clean by the shockwave.
Is it because of Megumin’s aim, or because the Treasure Island is just that tough? Either way, there wasn’t a single scratch on the Treasure Island’s shell.
Ignoring the other adventures, the Treasure Island fixed its gaze squarely on Megumin who cast the spell, and me who was standing right beside her.
That gaze caused Megumin to squeak a little in fright, but I repeatedly told myself that everything will be fine and simply continued looking at the Treasure Island.
Still, I made preparations to bolt at any moment.
The Treasure Island that hasn’t moved for the entire day got up to its feet and stretched, almost as if it just woke up from a nice afternoon nap.
Then, it turned back and walked towards the hole it originally came from.
— The Treasure Island surfaces every ten years to sun its shell.
I’m sure there’s some truth in that theory.
But if that’s the case, there wouldn’t be a need for it to appear near a town.
From what I’ve heard, the Treasure Island will always surface close to a town.
Yes, almost as if it wishes for humans to clear away the rock that is covering its body.
Wouldn’t that be its true purpose, then? To clear away all the rock that is stuck to its shell?
After having all the rocks cleared away from its shell, the Treasure Island started heading back underground even before the sun has completely set.
Then, the Treasure Island looked at Megumin and me one last time and gave his entire body a quick shake.
With that tremor, the trace minerals that were still stuck to its body scattered away into the air.
Seemingly refreshed, the Treasure Island crawled back into its hole with what appeared to be a contented expression.
The colossal, god-like beast gave us one last parting gift.
Megumin and I looked at each other and shared a chuckle.
The sight of the Treasure Island leaving was truly beautiful.
For the first time since I came to this world, I felt like I’ve witnessed something truly fantasy-like.
“Say, Kazuma, those are payment for Megumin’s Explosion, right? Then it’s fine for us to pick them up and sell them, right?”
“With this, the debts of the store and the rent will be…”
–My name is Satou Kazuma.
The reason I can’t get any proper fantasy-like quest in this world is probably the fault of my companions.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma san! I have a little favour to ask of you.”
The next morning.
As I was relaxing with a cup of coffee after enjoying a late breakfast, Aqua, who had a shovel-like object slung over her shoulder for some reason, said that to me.
“What is it? I’m not giving you any more pocket money. I already gave you this month’s allowance, and you should’ve made a lot of money with the ore you got from the Treasure Island yesterday.”
“That’s not it. The favour I wanted is for you to lend me your strength as an adventurer.”
My strength as an adventurer?
“You sure are saying some dangerous things early in the morning. Just what are we going up against? Just to let you know, I’ve already resolved to live a leisurely and peaceful life as a rich man. I’m not going to pick a fight with anything dangerous. If you want to go hunt some undead or settle a grudge with a devil, then go put a request up at the guild.”
“I’m not asking you to deal with monsters. I’ve had my fill of dangerous places, and I too would like to live a leisurely life as a rich person.”
This girl really does think just like me.
If she didn’t do stupid stuff all the time, she’d be a great buddy to hang out with.
“For now, can you come out to the yard? I would like you to demonstrate your amazing powers out there.”
“I don’t really get it, but I’m fine with it as long as it isn’t dangerous. Very well, I’ll demonstrate the hidden power sleeping within me.”
Saying that, I rolled up my sleeves and followed Aqua to the yard.
“Chirp.”
“… You really aren’t growing much at all, huh?”
Chomusuke lazily laid in the yard, and next to it was Emperor Zell, nuzzling against the cat’s soft fur.
Chomusuke has been steadily growing recently, but in contrast, the chick was still as small as it ever was.
They say that the more magic power you have, the slower you’ll grow, so perhaps that’s why.
That black furball used to be wary of Zell, but it seems like they’re getting along fine now.
I originally planned on turning Zell into fried chicken when he grew bigger, but now that they are this close, it’d be a little cruel of me to forcibly tear them apart.
As I was looking at this heartwarming sight, Aqua tugged on my sleeve.
“There’s a plot over there, right? I would like you to scatter plenty of nutrient-rich dirt over it.”
“… You’re asking me to use my power to plow the fields? Me, who could be considered a hero?”
Right where Aqua was pointing, Megumin, dressed in a one piece sundress and a straw hat, was busy working up a sweat with a small gardening trowel in hand.
“You too, Megumin? What, are you two planning on creating a home garden or something?”
“Oh, Kazuma, you’re finally awake. Look at this fine plot. If you scatter some magically-created dirt over here, we’ll definitely be able to grow some wonderful vegetables.”
While saying something that made her sound like an obaa-chan out in the hicks, Megumin gestured at the dirt by her feet with a smile.
“I always wanted to have a vegetable plot in the yard. We have the space, and vegetables are expensive, after all. We’ll be able to save on household costs, and we’ll also be able to eat fresh vegetables at any time. I’ll let you taste some tasty vegetable curry once it’s done.”
“Well, I’m happy about that and all, but… Is it fine for us amateurs to grow vegetables? They won’t fly around and attack people like cabbages, will they?”
Hearing my words, Aqua and Megumin averted their gazes.
“… You can’t just grow vegetables as you wish, right? You need some kind of permit or something, right?! Actually, where’s Darkness? She’s part of the government, that’s why you guys waited till she’s out to do this, right?!”
“Calm down, Kazuma. Sure, you do need some qualifications to grow vegetables, but high-level adventurers are allowed to start a vegetable garden at home. It’s a special privilege. And we are high-level adventurers, so there’s no issue.”
“Exactly. My level is already above forty. A home garden or two is acceptable for me.”
When did her level get that high?
It was supposed to be easy to level as an Adventurer, so how am I the only one whose level is still in the teens?
“It’s a little surprising that Megumin’s level is that high, but there you have it. So, I would like you to create some nutrient-rich earth for the plot. I know you like using Create Earth to blind others or create mud for use as a prank, but this is what it’s originally supposed to be used for.”
“Come to think of it, I have heard something like that before. Oh, what the hell, Create Earth.”
I walked down the plot and started scattering the earth I created into it.
Aqua and Megumin followed behind me and started planting seeds.
“Just to be sure, what seeds are you planting?”
I got a sudden sense of unease and asked, and Aqua responded in a carefree tone.
“Komatsuna, potatoes, radishes, bell peppers, mackerel, and spinach. That farmer oji-san said that those vegetables grow well around here in this season.”
…
“… Say, was there something weird mixed in there just now?”
“Oh, you’re wondering why we are planting summer vegetables even though it’s almost winter, right? But this isn’t Japan. Vegetables are overflowing with vitality, so they’ll grow well even in winter.”
No, that’s not it, there’s something in there that isn’t a vegetable.
“… Phew. Finally, the sowing is done. I think we did pretty well. All we need to do now is regularly water them and give them a little massage here and there, and they’ll be ripe for harvesting by winter.”
“Hey, did you just say massage just now? We are growing vegetables here, right? We aren’t actually raising cattle or something, right?”
Ignoring my constant nitpicks, Aqua let out a contented sigh.
“We’re only planting some easily-cared-for vegetables right now, but we’ll definitely take on some tougher vegetables next year!”
“Yeah, let’s plant some cabbages or tomatoes in the spring, or even a mandrake or two next year!”
“I can’t ignore that! You said mandrake just now, right?! You want to plant a mandrake here?!”
Mandrakes are dangerous plants that scream when harvested and can cause anyone who hear their screams to die.
Just as we were fussing over that, someone appeared at the door.
That person milled about, seemingly hesitant to knock…
“Why are you turning back now after coming all the way to someone else’s house?!”
“Me-Megumin?! What are you doing out here?”
That person was Yunyun.
She was about to turn back without knocking when Megumin surprised her.
“I visited unannounced just yesterday, so it’d be pretty awkward to visit again so soon. I was thinking that it’d be better to wait a few days before coming again…”
“It’s fine to visit everyday if you are free! Why do you keep worrying about all those little details?! Anyway, you probably came here for a reason, right?”
Hearing Megumin’s words, Yunyun, who had a basket full of what appeared to be pastries in her hand, said,
“C-Can I really visit every day? Will you really not find me annoying? You won’t suddenly stop talking upon hearing that I’ve come to visit…”
“I don’t care about that! If anything, your current attitude is more annoying! Anyway, hurry up and get to the point!”
Facing the short-tempered Megumin,
“Actually, about that chieftain’s trial I talked about before…”
“— So, basically, the trial to decide the next chief of the Crimson Demons needs to be undertaken together with a partner, right?”
“Yes. In the past, the prospective chieftains would usually undertake the trial with an outsider swordsman as a vanguard, but… Well, Crimson Demons are stronger than any swordsman. Eventually, they realized that with two Crimson Demons as a team, they could just blow through the trial with pure firepower without caring about vanguard or backline positions.”
Crimson Demons really don’t care the slightest about romance.
Normally, it’d only be proper for a Crimson Demon to leave the village in search of a suitable partner for the trial, and the two of them will slowly fall in love over the course of the journey. That’s the proper way for this to develop.
Megumin, who had been listening intently, heaved a deep sigh.
“So, you couldn’t find anyone else, so you came to invite me, huh? … You really are hopeless. Very well then, let me show you my power!”
Megumin confidently declared, only barely hiding her smile.
“Eh? No, you won’t be of any help if you come along. You’ll just become a hindrance after a single blast. There are three stages to the trial, you know?”
Yunyun said such unexpectedly harsh words to her, causing her to stiffen up.
“Well, I agree with your assessment, but if that’s the case, why did you come here?”
“T-That’s…”
After I said that, Yunyun nervously looked down and tightly gripped the hem of her skirt.
“Actually, I have a friend… guy… no, an adventurer acquaintance who would be suitable for a vanguard, but when I asked him, he went ‘Huh? I made a whole ton of money off the Treasure Island, so I don’t think I’ll work for awhile. Well, if you can introduce me to a busty Crimson Demon onee-san, I wouldn’t mind helping you’, and other such horrible things… ”
“I don’t know who that is, but he doesn’t sound like a decent person. It’s best not to associate with such people, otherwise folks will start thinking that you’re birds of a feather.”
“No, it’s more like we just happen to run into each other a lot, or more like someone who frequents the same store that I do…”
With a troubled expression, Yunyun raised her head with a determined glare.
“Umm, Kazuma-san! Would you accompany me to the Crimson Demon village and undertake the trial- Ow, ow, ow! What are you doing, Megumin!?”
Megumin suddenly started pulling on Yunyun’s pigtails in a fit.
“What am I doing?! What are you doing?! How could I possibly keep letting you use Kazuma as you please?! There’s no need to bother Kazuma with this! It’s just the trial of the Crimson Demons! I’ll be able to handle it!”
Saying that, she lifted the magic staff she placed by her side.
“Hey, Megumin, to be honest, if you come with me, it’ll just be a bother-”
“You can really say some mean things when you want to, huh?!”
Her eyes glowing bright red, Megumin looked over to me-
“I’m a high-level Crimson Demon! I’ll be a much better vanguard than a low-level swordsman like him! It’s just a few monsters, I’ll smash all of them up with my manatite staff! Right, Kazuma, I’ll be leaving the house for a while!”
Having thrown away even her identity as a mage, Megumin confidently declared as she twirled her staff around.
“Well then, I’ll be out of town for a while, so don’t do anything stupid while I’m away, okay?”
“Did you get the mistaken impression that you’ve become a sensible person recently? To tell you the truth, the most problematic person in this town might actually be you instead of Aqua.”
Next morning.
After flattering herself in such a way that made us all concerned for her, Megumin turned to Darkness and said,
“Darkness, please keep an eye on those two for me while I’m out. Apart from a heightened sex drive, you’re pretty normal, so please make sure that Aqua doesn’t do something stupid and Kazuma doesn’t do something suicidal.”
“D-Don’t say that I have a heightened sex drive! Megumin too, you have the shortest temper in this town, so take care not to pick a fight with anyone you come across. I’ll keep an eye on Kazuma and make sure he doesn’t start following any random pretty girls that show up.”
Hey, why does it seem like I’m the least trusted person amongst all of them?
“You are the one that gives me the most worries when it comes to the topic of women, but… Oh well. You two are the kind of people who chicken out when it actually happens, after all. Aqua, please keep an eye on them and make sure they don’t get up to anything inappropriate.”
“I got it. It’s a little early for them to start having children. If I hear any strange noises, I’ll make sure to remind them to take proper precautions.”
“You don’t get it at all! Ah, just make sure not to leave those two alone.”
Just how exactly do these guys see me?
“Hey, I know how to control myself, you know? I did properly reject Darkness instead of becoming the captain of two boats.”
“Oh, yeah, I suppose you did properly reject Darkness. Sorry, I should have a little more trust in you.”
“… Step out into the yard, I’ll teach you two a lesson.”
Averting her gaze from Darkness who was nursing a fist, Megumin waved to us.
“Well then, I’m off to blow right through that trial back in the Crimson Demon village. Please behave yourself while I’m gone.”
Saying that, she left the house with a smile.
“Right, now that Megumin is gone, lets settle the division of chores. She said she’ll be back in a few days, but we should still properly settle this.”
After Megumin left, we discussed our future plans.
“I’m getting pretty tired of being put on toilet duty all the time. Please give me some cooking duties or the like.”
“No, every time you cook, you end up wasting most of the ingredients. You always end up turning a few bottles of seasonings into water. It’s too wasteful.”
Hmm.
“Then I’ll handle cooking. Darkness’s cooking is pretty plain, and Aqua’s out of the question. In return, Darkness will handle the cleaning, and Aqua will handle the toilets and the baths.”
“S-Say, is my cooking really that plain? I thought I’d have at least have a certain level of cooking skill…”
“Why am I always in charge of the toilets!? And isn’t it a little unfair to be only in charge of the cooking? We’ve got a new vegetable plot to take care of now, so you should at least help a little!”
Both of them raised objections to my proposal, and Darkness suddenly noticed.
“Vegetable plot? Hey, Aqua, why is this the first time I’ve heard about it? Did you make a plot in the yard!? It’s illegal for an amateur to grow vegetables, you know!?”
“You look pretty intelligent, but you are actually surprisingly dumb, aren’t you, Darkness? High-level adventurers are an exception to that law! Come on, take a look at my adventurer’s card! Now, lend me a hand! I’ll give you a few delicious vegetables too!”
Aqua proudly flashed her card in front of Darkness, before grabbing a bunch of farming tools and heading to the yard.
“Wait, Aqua, I have a really bad feeling about this, so please stop this home garden project! The only thing I can see down that road is our vegetables causing trouble for our neighbours!”
‘Growing vegetables at home will lead to causing trouble for others.’ This isn’t a concept you often come across in Japan.
Looking at Darkness chase after Aqua out of the corner of my eye, I grabbed the newspaper out of the postbox and collapsed onto the sofa.
“…Hmm?”
There was a concerning headline on the newspaper I just opened.
New movements from the Demon King’s Army! Are they feeling the pinch after losing so many Generals?
We were heavily involved in reducing the number of Generals.
What do they mean by new movements? They didn’t place me on the top of their most wanted list or anything, did they?
I just want to live my new life peacefully as a rich man.
I understand if they feel threatened by me, but I would really like them to just let me be.
“That said, trouble always has a way of flinging itself at my door… Sigh, being a hero sure is tough.”
Suddenly, I noticed Chomusuke staring at me.
…Everyone went out, so I thought I was alone in the house.
It may be just a cat, but it’s still embarrassing to have someone hear me talking to myself. I flipped the page of the newspaper to hide my embarrassment…
“…Hah!?”
My name was printed on the next page.
Oh, yeah, come to think of it, Megumin and I went to a newspaper to demand that they run a special feature on us back when we were living in the capital, didn’t we?
We used both the power of the Crimson Demons and the authority of the Dustiness family, and it looks like that article finally got published.
“Oho, ‘Exploring the mystery of the strongest of the weakest job, Satou Kazuma: The man who defeated countless high bounty monsters and Demon King’s Generals despite having the job of Adventurer’. Chomusuke, take a look. This is a newspaper. It’s a really big deal for your name to appear on it. Hey, don’t use it as a scratching post!”
After hastily lifting Chomusuke onto my lap to prevent her from destroying my newspaper, I went back to reading the article.
There were various things written about our party.
I’m described as the mysterious adventurer who, despite having the weakest job and being based out of the beginner’s town of Axel, has somehow managed to take down many high bounty targets and Generals of the Demon King’s Army.
An adventurer capable of using many different skills, with deep ties with both the nobility and the Crimson Demons.
Blessed with both riches and authority, strength and wisdom, and most of all, luck, he is definitely an adventurer to keep an eye on.
“Aqua! Aqua! Come over here quick! Take a look at… Wait, hold on.”
I started to call Aqua who was quarreling about something with Darkness in the yard, but I reconsidered after reading further on.
I was praised quite highly in the article, but I wasn’t the only one mentioned.
‘Of course, Satou Kazuma is not the only amazing one in the party. First off, there’s the beautiful Archwizard who is capable of using the strongest offensive spell known to humans, Explosion. Secondly, there’s the gorgeous Crusader from the noble house famed for their resilience, Lady Dustiness. And lastly, there’s the mysterious and beautiful blue-haired Archpriest.’
“Right, these beautiful girls they are referring to are…”
Well, true, they are beautiful to look at.
Plus, my introduction was a little exaggerated as well.
‘The tough Crusader with strong attack power serves as the vanguard, and the Crimson Demon Archwizard who can teleport them away in the event that things go south brings the firepower, and lastly, the rare and versatile Archpriest is in charge of support… With the Adventurer providing some kind of help from the backline, it truly is a wonderfully balanced party composition… ‘
“Hey, this is a little off.”
Reading further on, Megumin’s, Darkness’s, and Aqua’s achievements were valued very highly, but not much were written about my accomplishments.
They are treating me like some kind of commander or manager.
Well, they aren’t wrong, but it still makes me feel a little depressed…
They’ll probably end up rubbing it in my face, so I think I’ll pass on showing them today’s newspaper.
Still…
“Please don’t come all the way out to the frontiers to hunt me down. As long as you don’t pick a fight with me, I won’t cause any trouble for you.”
I cast a lingering glance at the headline ‘New movements from the Demon King’s Army’, before rolling up the newspaper.
— After completing her work in the yard,
“Let’s go on an extermination quest!”
Aqua enthusiastically declared while we were having dinner, sauce dripping off her cheeks like whiskers.
What’s gotten into her?
She didn’t awaken to the joys of being an adventurer back during the Treasure Island incident, did she?
“Killing monsters is the job of adventurers, so I don’t mind, but is it really okay with just us? Shouldn’t we wait for Megumin to come back?”
Darkness said while elegantly sipping tea.
“That’s exactly it! Megumin is in our party. Of course, that’s a good thing, but I just recently noticed something. Because Megumin usually deals the finishing blow, our levels barely rise. Of course, I’m already perfect, so my level going up wouldn’t mean much, but still, I’m like the figurehead of this party. If I’m not the highest leveled person in it, our reputation would suffer, wouldn’t it?”
“I don’t know when you became our party’s figurehead, but, yeah, I would like to raise my level too.”
Actually, other than me, everyone else has already leveled to the twenties and thirties.
I’ve been eating high quality ingredients worth plenty of experience points, so why is there such a large difference in our levels?
“I occasionally exorcise the ghosts at the cemetery together with Darkness, but it seems like stray ghosts just won’t cut it. They aren’t worth much experience points at all. So, let’s take this chance to gain a ton of levels. It’ll surely surprise Megumin when she gets back.”
“Megumin might throw a fit if she finds out we had an adventure without her, you know?… Still, she’s off in the Crimson Demon village undergoing some trial or the other right now, and it’d be bad if the gap in our levels continues to widen any further…”
Darkness seemed quite bothered by it, but, whether in stats or job or level, I’m in the worst position in this entire party.
However…
“It’s fine to talk about closing the gap in our levels, but how exactly do you plan on doing so? The only one who gains any experience points is the one who deals the finishing blow, right? Neither of you have any methods of attack.”
Darkness can’t land any of her attacks, and Aqua can only attack undead and devils.
In response to my doubts, Aqua flared her nostrils-
“Don’t worry, I have a plan. Just leave it to me!”
And said that with a confident smile on her face.
I can’t help but get a bad feeling about this.
Aqua peeked her head out from a back alley in Axel.
“… I found it. Is everyone ready?”
I originally thought that Aqua wanted to hunt monsters outside the city, but her target was instead very close by.
“H-Hey, Aqua, you’re not going to…”
Darkness, who, like me, thought that we were headed out of the city and was thus in full armour, raised a puzzled voice.
“First, I’ll stop his movements with my attacks. Then, Kazuma, use Bind on him. Once he is immobile, we’ll surround it and beat it up.”
“A-Are you really a Priest?”
I softly grumbled to Aqua.
No, maybe it’s precisely because she’s a Priest.
Yes, Aqua’s target is…
“Oh, if it isn’t the acquaintances of Lady Dustiness. What a coinciden-.”
“GOD BLOW!”
The penguin who was sweeping up dust in front of Wiz’s store collapsed weightlessly to the ground after receiving Aqua’s fist.
Judging from the sound it made when it hit the floor, it seems like the contents were erased yet again.
“Hey, penguin, get a hold of yourself! Vanir, are you here!? Your friend lost his life again!”
I called out into the store, and Vanir hurriedly rushed out.
“You accursed woman! Do you not feel content without making trouble at my store every day?!”
“Everytime you revive this pen-pen, one of your lives will be lost as well, right? Then that’s perfect. My boundless divine energy provided to me by my followers or your extra lives that are barely worth 30 eris each, I wonder which of them will be used up first?”
As Vanir breathed into the penguin, trying to resuscitate him, Darkness moved to stop Aqua.
“Hey, Aqua, don’t tell me the leveling target you were talking about is…”
“Of course, I’m talking about this pen-pen. He’s weak enough that I can easily vanquish him with a single blow, but I gained a level when I last defeated him. That means that he is worth a lot of experience points. So we’re using him to increase our levels!”
“Pii!”
The resurrected penguin screamed as he heard Aqua’s words.
“–P-Please have some tea.”
Aqua strutted into the store after that, and the penguin timidly brought out tea for her.
The flippers that were sewn back on were trembling.
That was probably back from when Chris cut it off with her dagger.
Looking at that and his current state, I can’t help but feel a sense of guilt.
After receiving the tea from the penguin, Aqua took a small sip.
“… You sure have some guts to serve me hot water as tea.”
“W-Wha!? I’m pretty sure I served tea… I-I’ll go rebrew it.”
“There’s no need to put on another pot, Zereschrute! She’s just messing with you!”
After being picked on by Aqua and reprimanded by Vanir, the penguin dropped his shoulders and walked over to me.
“Young man, I may be a devil, but even devils can get depressed. Might you listen to a few grumbles of mine….”
“Seriously, it will really be best for you to get out of this town.”
As I tried to comfort the penguin, Darkness, who was looking around the shop, said,
“By the way, I don’t see Wiz around. Did she go somewhere?”
“If you are talking about that delusional shopkeeper, she started talking about strange things like feeling the presence of a challenger and the like after Moi had her work ceaselessly for a week. That doesn’t look good, and we’re in the black after that Treasure Island incident, so Moi had her resting in the back.”
Is Wiz approaching her limit?
“By the way, young man, why did you come here today?”
“Ah.”
I remembered after hearing the penguin’s words.
Yeah, we’re here because of Aqua’s level increasing scheme…
I averted my gaze from the penguin who was looking blankly at me, and took Darkness and Aqua over to a corner of the shop to have a discussion.
“Hey, do you really intend to raise your level by repeatedly defeating that penguin? The friends I made back in the Crimson Demon village recommended a technique to quickly level by finishing off immobile monsters, and this feels just as unpleasant.”
“It’s really annoying that it looks so cute. Even if it is a devil, hearing him repeatedly scream does tug at my heartstrings. And here I thought it was a great idea. What should we do now?”
“Why don’t we just raise our levels like normal? Megumin isn’t here, but we should have raised our skills quite a bit by now. It’s a great chance for us. Normally, we would just let Megumin wipe out the monsters and call it a day right then.”
Hmm, can we really defeat monsters and level up normally with this party?
Come to think of it, while I had set out with Aqua and Megumin at one point, I’ve never tried fighting with just Aqua and Darkness.
“Right, let’s get some practice so we can perform a little better after Megumin’s exhausted her mana.”
Hearing my adventurer-sounding declaration, the two of them nodded.
Aqua ended up losing her temper and purifying the penguin again after Vanir shouted ‘so what did you come here for’ at us. Well, a lot of things happened, but eventually we left town and came to the plains.
“Frogs! Today is the day we take revenge on the frogs!”
“No, I don’t wanna! I can’t see frogs as anything other than my natural enemy!”
Perhaps because she remembered her past trauma, Aqua strongly protested and put us once again in the position of deciding which monster to hunt.
“But, Aqua, considering our combat strength, hunting frogs would be the best course of action for us… I’m wearing metal armour, so the frogs won’t eat me. This way, we’ll be able to avoid getting wiped.”
“That means that the frogs will definitely go after me! I have the ability to learn, you know? This will definitely end with me taking another dip inside a frog’s stomach!”
It’s only a little, but this girl has recently started being able to learn from past experience.
Even though her intelligence is already maxed out and shouldn’t grow with her level…
Is this what growing up means?
Seeing Aqua mature like this makes me feel a little happy, so I decided to support her.
“Fine, let’s choose another monster. How about going to the forest a little further away from town? Right now, there should be a lot of monsters that are stocking up in preparation for hibernation. If we go into the forest, I’m sure we’ll be able to catch them while they are eating-”
“No, I don’t wanna! There are a lot of bug type monsters in the forest. They’ll definitely be attracted by my beautiful aroma and make a beeline for me.”
Aqua made herself sound like some kind of insect-attracting flower, but, well, it was fairly likely for that to happen.
After listening to Aqua’s words, Darkness thought for a while before slamming her fist into her palm.
“Then how about this? There was that lake that Aqua purified before, right? The crocodiles that were deprived of their habitat should have moved to the nearby wetlands. They should still be near to the lake, so why don’t we go hunt them down and finish off the request from back then…”
“No, I don’t wanna! You say that, but it’ll just end up with me purifying the wetlands in order to draw out the monsters, right? In that case, the one who ends up attracting all the attention would be me! So I definitely don’t want to go back there!”
….
“Hey, I feel like it’s starting to get cold, and there doesn’t seem to be any leveling method more efficient than taking down that penguin. This is getting more and more troublesome.”
“Oh, you get it too, right? Sounds like Kazuma is getting tired of this too. Then, why don’t we call it a day for today and buy some ingredients for a hot pot on the way back?”
After making a pretty appealing suggestion, Aqua moved to leave before being dragged back by Darkness. Seeing that, I made an executive decision.
“Right, let’s just go with the frogs. Darkness, just bring her over to the general area.”
“I got it, I’ll be leaving the attacking to you. Well, against such huge frogs, even I might occasionally land a hit or two, so look forward to it.”
Only occasionally land a hit or two? Even against a giant frog?
“Nooooo! Why is this happening? This isn’t like you at all, Kazuma-san! Normally you would’ve happily agreed with me after I made such a lazy-sounding suggestion!”
“S-Shut up! Don’t think I’m a man who just lazes around all day! I’m a man who will get things done when he wants to! Stop grumbling and come along!”
Dragging Aqua who was crying and raising a fuss, I surveyed my surroundings-
“Kazuma is acting really strange recently! It’s abnormal! It’s like a long time NEET finally got the courage to go to work, and after receiving a little bit of praise on the first day, gets overconfident and starts thinking of himself as a man who get things done! Where did you get that baseless confidence from!? Is it because you kissed Darkness!? Did you cross the precipice of adulthood because you got kissed!?”
“S-Shut up, Aqua! Please forget about that already! And you, don’t steal glances at me like that! Actually, Kazuma, I can’t see any frogs at all!”
Perhaps remembering what happened when she kissed me, Darkness became flustered.
What Aqua pointed out isn’t completely wrong, but there’s a different reason for my confidence.
Yes, that would be the article in today’s newspaper.
How could the amazing Satou-san who received such fine praise give up just because it was a little troublesome? That would be a disappointment to his fans all over the nation, as well as an insult to all those bearing the name Satou who were working hard back in Japan.
I took out my bow.
“Right, Darkness, first, I’ll use my dynamite knock-off to wake up the frogs in the area. Then, you’ll use Decoy to draw the frogs over to you. They’ll gather around you at first, but once they realize that you’re wearing metal armour, they’ll start seeking another target. Their next target should be me, but I’ll take them out with my bow before they reach me.”
Saying that, I showed a confident smile to Darkness.
“S-Sure… What’s up with you today? You’re surprisingly bursting with confidence! It’s like a long time virgin entering an adult shop for the first time and, after receiving a little bit of praise, gets overconfident and starts thinking of himself as a man who can get things done…”
“Shut up! What’s up with you two?! Is it really unusual for me show some confidence?! Dammit, even if Megumin isn’t here to fawn over me, I’ll show you that I’m a man who gets things done! Tinder!”
I took out the dynamite knock off and threw it off into the distance.
The lighter I made was still a little unreliable due to it being handmade, so I decided to use Tinder to light the fuse.
I definitely wouldn’t be able to use this item if Megumin were here, but even after she told me to throw them out, I still continued making them in secret.
Seeing my actions, Aqua squatted down, covered her ears and closed her eyes.
A small boom resonated throughout the fields outside of Axel.
At the same time, the ground started rumbling and familiar creatures started to appear.
“Right, they’re here, Kazuma! The… frogs…”
No, there are definitely frogs there.
But it’s not just one or two frogs-
“Kazuma! Why are there so many frogs!? And why are they all looking at me!? What’s up with this!?”
Aqua wailed, her arm firmly in the grasp of Darkness.
Come on, even if you ask me…
“I told you! I definitely told you! This is why I didn’t want to deal with frogs! These frogs are definitely the creations of devils! Evil creatures they created to take on a goddess like me! WAAAAH! This is why I wanted to go home~!”
“Shut up! If you don’t want to die, stop crying and start casting some support magic on us! Anyway, it’s really strange for so many of them to appear! They didn’t appear because your bad luck drew them to us, right?”
The frogs are acting very different today. It might be because they were starving, but they rushed over to us.
Seeing that, Darkness seemed to have thought of something and said,
“Hey, Kazuma, this is probably because of the Treasure Island! These frogs must have hidden themselves underground in fear of the mana of that divine beast. They must be so afraid of the Treasure Island that they would rather starve themselves than surface, but your magic item woke all of them up.”
“Apologize! Apologize for blaming it on my bad luck! This whole thing is your idea this time, so take responsibility and do something!”
Aqua started hassling me after hearing Darkness’s explanation.
“I didn’t expect a single stick of dynamite to attract such large numbers! But I’ll apologize for suspecting you! I’m sorry, so accept your fate and get eaten together! Darkness will survive, so she can save us later!”
“Nooo! I don’t want to get covered in slime anymore! I don’t want to smell of fish or be defiled anymore~!”
“Fuhahaha! Bring it!”
Facing the fast approaching horde of frogs, I once again realized that this party is only fully operational if all of its members are gathered.
“Sob…sob… I don’t want to go outside anymore… I’ll stay inside for the entire winter…”
Aqua whined as she dripped slime on the carpet.
I would like to take a bath too, but I’ll let Aqua go first today.
After all, Aqua did get swallowed by frog after frog almost as soon as Darkness cut her out from one.
For some reason, the frogs seemed to prefer Aqua over me.
It’s probably due to our difference in luck, but even so, I’m a little more inclined to believe Aqua’s words when she says that frogs are the natural enemies of gods.
I grabbed the unsteady Aqua’s hand and brought her to the bath.
“Come on, I’ll heat up the water for you, so go ahead. I’ll wash up later.”
“Sob… This whole thing happened because you woke them up with your dynamite, but I really hate myself for forgiving you just because you showed me a bit of kindness…”
I pushed Aqua who was obediently following me into the bathroom, before pouring mana into the heater.
Afterwards, while still covered in slime, I waited for Darkness to return after reporting the extermination.
“I’m back.”
Darkness, who was safe because of her metal armour, stared intently at me after bringing back the rewards from the sale of the frog meat and the extermination of the frogs.
“Thanks. Please wait a while if you want to use the bath, I would like to go in after Aqua’s done… What’s wrong? Why are you staring at me like that…”
“N-no, it’s nothing. I was just wondering how it feels to be eaten by a frog after seeing everyone get eaten…”
I thought she was getting better as of late, but it seems like she will always be a masochist at her core.
“Welcome back, Darkness~ The bath is free, Kazuma~. Try not to drink the bathwater I left behind. It might be clean after I’ve purified it, but you might still get a stomach ache if you swallow any leftover frog bits.”
Having left the bath, Aqua walked over barefoot while dressed in her pajamas.
“Just what kind of man do you think I am, you slimy bitch? I’m still covered in slime, so if you don’t want to be forced to take another bath, you better apologize right now.”
“I’m sorry, Kazuma. I really don’t want to get slimed again, so please forgive me.”
Leaving Aqua who quickly prostrated herself before me, I hurried to the bath.
— After washing away the slime covering my body, I let out a sigh as I soaked.
It felt like I went through a lot of things, but it’s barely been a day since Megumin left on her trip.
It should’ve been easier for me with one less problem child to look after, so how is it that I encountered something so horrible and ended up so worn out?
I sensed someone standing outside the bath.
“Say, Kazuma, I’m quite tired, so I think I’ll skip dinner today. In place of that, I’ll help myself to some snacks and wine, okay?”
“Hey, by snacks, you’re not referring to the precious caviar I’ve been keeping, are you? I got that from a strange butler who mixed everything into miso soup back when I was living in the capital!”
I shouted towards Aqua who called out from behind the door, but she simply hummed a song and left.
I thought about pursuing her while still naked, but she isn’t the only one who’s tired.
I closed my eyes and soaked myself up to the shoulders-
How long have I been asleep?
When I came to, the lamp was out, and it has gotten dark outside.
The water in the tub has also become lukewarm. Looks like I was out for quite some time.
In other words, I was really that tired.
Then…
“Megumin really helped us out a lot…”
We struggled against a horde of frogs today, but if Megumin were here, she would’ve taken them all out in an instant.
Come to think of it, I only noticed Darkness’s importance back when she was about to be married off to that Alderp guy.
That means, the girl who’s currently stealing my precious snacks and constantly brings trouble every day is also-
“Nah, that’s definitely not possible-”
In the darkened bathroom, I started mumbling to myself.
Well, I suppose her skills in healing magic are worthy of praise…
And she’s also very effective when fighting devils and undead.
Actually, her ability to repeatedly revive people without issues could be said to be a cheat-like ability…
“No, wait, if she weren’t here, I would’ve gotten some proper divine treasures or abilities and wouldn’t have died in the first place…”
Well, it’ll be best to leave it at that.
I’ll probably cry if I say it out loud.
Plus, after living so long in this idiotic world-
Yeah, it isn’t too bad.
Just as I thought that.
I heard the sound of a door opening.
Now that the lamp has gone out in the bath, no one would think that it would still be occupied.
Aqua has already taken a bath, and Megumin is in the Crimson Demon village.
That leaves-
I remembered what happened back then as I listened to the slipping sounds of someone undressing.
I was in the bath just like this when I ordered the succubus service for the first time.
It’s the exact same situation.
The lamp was blown out by chance, and I fell asleep in the bath.
I thought it was a dream back then, but now I’m deadly certain that this is reality.
Through the glass door that separates the changing room and the bath, I saw a white silhouette.
It’s totally a repeat of that night.
The glass door opened, and the person who came in is, of course, Darkness.
Darkness seemed a little bigger in certain places than what I remembered, and the moment her gaze met mine-
“Kyaaaa!”
A high pitched scream echoed throughout the bathroom.
“—W-W-What are you thinking!? Why are you screaming instead of me? Isn’t this odd?”
Darkness frantically rushed over to my side and covered my mouth to block out my scream.
Yes, the one who screamed was me.
I was the one who screamed.
I pushed away Darkness’s hand.
“I’m not going to be treated as a sexual offender because I happen to chance upon this situation! I firmly believe that if a man stumbles onto this kind of situation by accident, the woman has no right to be angry! I’m the one who was here first! If our sexes were reversed, you’d be the one branded as a sexual offender! Why must the blame always fall upon the guy!? This world is the one that’s screwed up!”
“I-I get it, you aren’t at fault! I didn’t have any intention to blame you in the first place-”
I ignored Darkness who was frantically trying to say something and continued,
“In the first place, why is a woman’s word enough to brand a man as a sexual offender!? Isn’t that odd!? If we were on a train together and you touched my butt, even if I raised a fuss about you being a pervert, no one would even raise an eyebrow!”
“Hey, wait, why would I touch your butt… what’s a train in the first place?”
I steadily got angry as I continued speaking.
Yes, the world is screwed up.
If you really care about gender equality, sexual offenders shouldn’t just be determined by the word of a woman, even the word of a man should be trusted for that!
“When I become prime minister, I’ll arrest both men and women equally! I’ll definitely not allow false charges! Cameras will be placed in all carriages, and anyone who makes false charges will be severely punished!”
“O-Okay, I get it, so please just quiet down a little! What would you do if Aqua comes to investigate!? Actually, what are you even saying!? I’m not following you in the slightest!”
Darkness seemed on the verge of tears as she made a shushing sound with her finger to her lips, but I couldn’t care less!
“But if the pervert is a beautiful lady, there wouldn’t be a crime unless the other party reports it! When I go back to Japan, I plan to run for office with that as my platform-!”
And after I worked myself up so far, I finally noticed Darkness’s appearance.
She is mostly naked, but she still had a bikini-like outfit on her.
On top of that, she wore a large towel, and was holding a smaller towel meant for washing up in her hand.
Perhaps because she noticed my gaze, Darkness blushed bright red and, with an embarrassed expression, said in a soft voice,
“… I thought I would wash your back…”
The sound of dripping water could be heard in the dark bathroom.
“Ooh…”
“Kazuma….”
It created a different sort of atmosphere than the rowdy one we usually have.
“D-Darkness, p-please focus on this part next…”
“I-I got it…but Kazuma, umm…”
Darkness, who has been blushing red ever since just now, stuttered. She’s probably affected by the unusual atmosphere too.
“Pant, Pant… Darkness, I, I can’t…”
“Kazuma, I can’t take it anymore, this is…”
With a scream, Darkness finally-
“What are you making such lewd noises when I’m just washing your back!? You are making it sound like we are doing something obscene!”
Flung the towel she was using to wash my back onto the back of my head.
I took the towel and started cleaning up my front.
“I can’t help it. I thought it was a dream the last time you washed my back, so I didn’t get the chance to properly enjoy it.”
Thinking back, I really wasted that opportunity back then.
I thought it was a dream that I could view at any time, so I rushed her to move on to the next step.
“That’s scary in its own way. Does that mean you act boldly and do whatever you want to me in your dreams?”
Darkness mumbled as she poured water on my back to wash off the soap.
“Of course, it’s my dream, after all. Did you know? In a dream, no matter what kind of extreme situations you experience, it won’t run afoul of laws or copyrights. A woman I highly respect said that.”
“Who the hell told you such stupid things!?”
Darkness angrily poured warm water down my head.
“Seriously, I’ve been concerned about the company you keep for quite some time. Who is this highly-respected woman? This is the first time I heard that you had such a friend.”
“She’s a gentle woman who is above you in both personality and body.”
“That isn’t something you should boldly say when a man and a woman are alone together!”
It’s disrespectful to even compare that person with Darkness.
Obviously, the person I’m referring to is one of the wonderful succubi who tirelessly provide sweet dreams to comfort the lonely adventurers in the town of Axel everyday, reducing the crime rate in the process.
“Anyway, what made you think of offering this service in the first place? You’re not seeking some more allowance like Aqua, right? How much money do I have to pay for this service in the future?”
“Hey, I worked up a lot of courage to do this. Don’t call it a service. This is just thanks for saving Sylphina. I already properly thanked Megumin, Aqua, Vanir, Wiz, and the other adventurers, but I haven’t properly thanked you yet, so…”
After saying that, Darkness dumped a basin of water over her head, as if to cool down her blushing face and overheating brain.
“That’s cold! Can you step further away before splashing water on yourself!? Unlike you, I don’t like getting splashed with cold water after soaking in a warm bath!”
“I don’t act like that 24/7, you know!? It’s because you keep saying stuff that makes people embarrassed!”
Saying that, she moved in front of me with her head kept low.
“H-Hey, are you serious? How far do you intend to go? Is it really okay not to pay an extra fee for this?”
“Just shut up already! Ah, come on, make sure you properly secure that towel. This isn’t like one of Aqua’s jokes, you hear? I’ll wash your body thoroughly, so stay still.”
With her gaze averted, Darkness started scrubbing my chest.
“Okay, okay, I get it. We’ve known each other for some time, after all. I know you’re not entirely satisfied with this.”
“You don’t get it! You don’t get it at all! Nevermind that, just stay still!”
Seems like she couldn’t keep up with my banter; Darkness hmphed and poured warm water down my body.
“Sigh… I can’t believe I got seriously nervous over this. I feel like such a fool… Hey, I told you not to move! Are you purposely showing it off to me!?”
Hearing Darkness say such things rife with hidden meanings, I suddenly thought-
“Hey, you aren’t going to say this is the end of it, right? After coming this far while dressed like that, do you really think a healthy young man would be satisfied with just a backrub?”
“Huh!? But, don’t you have Megumin…”
Darkness hastily said with a flustered expression,
“Yeah, things have been going pretty well between Megumin and me lately, but are you fine with that? Are you really fine with that!? Didn’t you say something like ‘Ah, it seems I like you more than I thought’ to me a few days ago?!”
“I-I said that, but…”
“I was really happy back then.”
Hearing my honest words, Darkness sucked in a gasp.
“That’s…”
“I was really happy when you told me that. Yeah, I did reject you, but men are troublesome creatures, you see. We’ll still feel a little disappointed if the other party obediently gives up just because we rejected them once. But this is the case for you women as well, right?”
Darkness gulped.
“T-That means, instead of Megumin, you…”
“Ah, that’s impossible. I’m a pretty faithful man. Now that we’ve progressed to this point, there’s no way I can leap into the arms of another woman. I’m aiming to be a decent man, after all.”
At my words, Darkness shot me a questioning gaze.
“Wait, hold on, you’ve already chosen Megumin, but if we keep going like this, won’t we end up in an extremely risque situation…?”
Seems like Darkness is quite confused by all this.
“Is this too difficult for you to follow? Very well, I’ll put it in simpler terms. I want to become a proper, decent man. But it’s not like I can’t understand your feelings of love that are so overwhelming that you just can’t restrain yourself anymore.”
“It’s not like I like you to that extent… No, it’s nothing.”
Darkness, who was about to say something unnecessary, shut up upon meeting my gaze.
“Basically, this is what I’m saying. I’ll definitely resist you if you try and get me to cheat on Megumin. I’ll resist, but be it be my level or stats, there’s no way I can successfully fight you off if you were to do anything lewd to me. But I’m the Kazuma-san who highly values my companions. No matter what you do, I won’t hate you because of it.”
“W-W-What are you saying!? People call you Kazutrash or Scumzuma, but that doesn’t even begin to describe you! Why did Megumin fall for such a man!?”
Darkness suddenly started angrily lecturing me.
“S-Shut up! You were saying you liked that sort of man too! In the first place, there’s no way for a healthy man to resist after being flung into these kinds of erotic situations one after another! If anything, you should be praising me for not having crossed the line up till this point!”
“Who would praise you for that!? How stupid! Ah, nevermind, I was the fool! I’m feeling unwell today, so you can handle the rest on your own!”
She just said something really amazing for an ojou-sama!
“Oh, you’re leaving now? You haven’t even finished washing my front yet! What kind of thanks is this!? You keep saying that I’m gutless, but you’re pretty gutless yourself, aren’t you?! What was it, a member of the Dustiness family will never yield? Don’t you dare flatter yourself with such words!”
A vein started throbbing on Darkness’s temple.
“Fine, I’ll wash you! But that will be it! I won’t go any further! I’m not that easy of a woman that I’ll fall for your cheap provocations!”
“Enough with the words, hurry up and get to it! That is, if you have the resolve to go through with it! Aqua’s dead drunk after eating my high quality snacks and Megumin’s in the Crimson Demon village! In other words, there’s no one left to interfere! Don’t think someone will conveniently barge in just like what happened the last time.”
Darkness angrily picked up the towel and started scrubbing me.
“Hey, that hurts! If you want to thank me, then be more gentle!”
“You really complain a lot for a man! I’m just going to hurry up and get this over with!”
Perhaps she’s getting angry to hide her embarrassment. Darkness, her face bright red, has been staring at a certain spot for quite some time–
“Can’t you do something about that?! I can’t help but be bothered when I see your towel rise like that!”
“That’s just a little party trick. I took out a few frogs earlier, didn’t I? I gained a couple of levels and learnt the party trick skill.”
“As if there exist such a useless trick! Seriously, what kind of man are you… You really aren’t a match for the pure and straightforward Megumin! Hurry up and break up!”
How could she say such a thing?!
“Too bad, Megumin’s already head over heels for me! Who in hell would listen to you!? I think I’ll go find Megumin when she gets back and have her properly pamper me!”
“You really are the lowest form of trash… Oh, I know. I should’ve done this from the start.”
An inexplicable smile appeared on Darkness’s face.
“I’ll make something happen between us before telling Megumin exactly what happened. I’ll let her understand exactly how weak of a man you are and make her give up on you. It wouldn’t hurt Megumin if she gradually gives up on you of her own volition. If you can escape from my clutches, I’ll accept that you are a fitting man for Megumin!”
Saying that, she suddenly lunged at me!
How could this girl say something so wicked…!
“I-Megumin… Don’t think it’ll go exactly as you planned! Let go of me!”
“You say that, but you aren’t using any skills or resisting at all! You’re actually looking forward to this, aren’t you? Now, I’m sure you know what comes next…”
Darkness excitedly said some lines that wouldn’t seem out of place as part of a villainous monologue.
Just then,
“Just what exactly comes next?”
That was Megumin’s cold voice that I’m so used to hearing by now.
At this point, Darkness and I were pretty much naked and hugging each other.
Both of us looked towards the door.
Standing behind the glass door was Megumin, a mask of disgust on her face and glowing eyes.
Before Darkness could say anything,
“Help me! This woman barged into the bath to attack me!”
“Y-You bastard! You really are the trashiest of men!”
It has been raining since morning.
Despite that, Aqua has been out in the yard, seemingly paying no heed to the weather as she happily worked on her plot.
Next to her, Megumin, holding an umbrella, seemed to be giving her instructions.
“Say, Kazuma, can’t you say something to them? Farm work isn’t easy. Every year, some Matsutake and Bamboo farmers always end up going missing.”
Darkness said that with a troubled face as she looked at them through the window.
“I know farmers have it tough. There are typhoons in my country, and every year, a few farmers end up going missing during the typhoon season. But they won’t listen to anything I say, so what can I do?”
“You have typhoons where you come from too, huh? Yeah, the vegetables do get agitated during typhoon season…”
I was talking about the farmers who end up in trouble after going out to check on the irrigation channels and their fields, but it seems like we weren’t on the same page.
“Kazuma, come take a look! They’ve already started sprouting!”
Aqua excitedly shouted. She really is a goddess of water; she doesn’t seem worried about being in the rain at all.
“The eyes of the mackerel are also showing. They are a little grotesque to look at, but you should still take a look.”
Even Megumin is getting in the mood…
“Say, Darkness, don’t you think it’s odd to catch watermelons in the sea and harvest mackerel in the fields?”
“Why would it be odd? You say some really strange things sometimes.”
As I was experiencing my first culture shock in quite some time, someone knocked on the door.
When I opened the door, there was a penguin frantically waving his flippers standing there.
Before I could ask him how he knew where we were or what is he doing here, Aqua noticed him.
“Ah!”
“Pik!”
The penguin let out a bird-like cry in response to Aqua’s shout.
“I’m sure I told you that I’ll purify you if I see you outside. You sure have some guts coming here. Very well, that strange devil isn’t here to interfere, so I’ll send you to heaven right now.”
“No, please wait! There’s a reason why I came here. Vanir-sama and Storekeeper-dono are…”
—After braving the rain and rushing to the magic item shop,
“Wiz! You’re back! Everyone was worried about you!”
“Vanir-san, you idiot! That tactless part of you hasn’t changed in the slightest!”
“You shouldn’t expect any tact from devils in the first place, you foolish storekeeper! You’ve become a lovestruck fool after fooling around outside! If you want to get married, then just get to it!”
The sight of the two of them fighting greeted me the moment I opened the door.
“Are you really fine with that!? I’m going to get married, you know?! I won’t be able to come back to this store after that! The owner is going to change! Aren’t contracts supposed to be absolute to a devil!? What happened to the contract we had to make this shop prosper together!?”
Perhaps because she walked through the rain, Wiz was drenched to the bone.
As for Vanir, a vein was popping on the temple of his carefully crafted body as he responded.
“Left-on-the-shelf shopkeeper, after you leave the store and the new storekeeper takes over, Moi will just make the store prosper with him and gain the funds to construct my dungeon that way! So just relax and go get married, you lovestruck shopkeeper!”
“Why you!”
Looking at Wiz tearfully grab at Vanir, I turned towards the penguin next to me and asked,
“What the hell is going on?”
“Vanir-sama and Storekeeper-dono have been like this for quite some time. I thought Storekeeper-dono finally came back, but she seems to have her head in the clouds and ended up getting angry at Vanir-sama. I can’t find a way to stop them, so I thought to seek your help, young man.”
I wanted to tell him not to call me for this sort of stuff, but it’s good to know that Wiz is back, so I’ll leave it for now.
A stern-faced Aqua charged between the two of them as they started to struggle with each other.
“Hey, Wiz, where have you been!? You really worried everyone, you know! Hurry up and apologize!”
“Aqua, they are a little preoccupied right now. Getting in there will just complicate things, so just stay with me in this corner for now.”
Megumin dragged Aqua, who once again was completely unable to read the mood, over to a corner of the shop.
Darkness then asked,
“In the first place, what are the two of you fighting about? Come on, even Count Zereshrute is troubled.”
Wiz tearfully hugged Darkness.
“Listen to this, Darkness! I’ve been wandering around the deepest levels of what is said to be the world’s largest dungeon for the past few days. I’ve been killing monsters while thinking about things.”
Just when I was wondering how would that lead to the two of them quarreling, Wiz plucked a flower from a vase in the shop and started playing around with it.
“That man… That Duke-san who suddenly appeared and said that he’d be willing to accept all of me… Why is he so passionate about me…”
Oh, is that what being lovestruck means?
Vanir seemed to have something to say, but Wiz didn’t notice at all and continued.
“I mean, I’m a Lich, you know? But even then, he said that he doesn’t care. He even said, ‘Even after turning into an undead, you’re beautiful. I like you just the way you are….’”
“I was watching from afar using Lip-Reading, but did he actually say that?”
Ignoring my words, Wiz continued fiddling with the flower.
“And he proposed to me on our very first meeting… He even told me that ‘Such a beautiful flower isn’t suited for such dangerous work. I’ll protect you from now on, so…’”
“He didn’t say that.”
Yeah, he didn’t go that far, did he?
“Kazuma-san, I’m talking about very important matters right now, so please be quiet… Even though he proposed to me, I still have the contract with Vanir and my store to look after… Aah, what should I do…”
Wiz stole glances at the person at her side as she said that, and Vanir, his face a mask of annoyance, said,
“She’s been that way ever since she came back. Moi told her that if she wants to continue being a storekeeper, she should stop running away from the store and work properly, and if you want to get married, then do as you will, but for some reason she got mad after that.”
“Can’t you treat me with more care?! Is that all our relationship is worth? Aren’t Vanir-san and I partners who teamed up to make both our dreams come true?”
Vanir made a extremely disgusted expression upon hearing the word ‘partners’.
“A contract is absolute to a devil, but… Even Moi has been on the verge of breaking down in the face of your haplessness… Moi has been thinking if I should take a little break in our contract-”
“I won’t let you give up on our contract! I know very well that this store would’ve long since closed down if Vanir-san wasn’t here. B-But, the only person who can make the world’s largest dungeon would be me. Are you really fine with giving up on your dream of facing down adventurers at the bottom of the world’s toughest dungeon, Vanir-san?!”
Wiz desperately tried to convince Vanir as she clung on to him.
Aqua interrupted,
“So, are you willing to get together with him? Or is he not your type?”
Hearing that, Wiz played with the flower in her hand while subtly trying to keep an eye on Vanir’s reaction.
“That man doesn’t look too bad, and he seems pretty devoted to me… But, you know, I have a duty to see Vanir’s dream realized…”
“As far as Moi is concerned, Moi doesn’t really care who the storekeeper is. All Moi needs from you is for you to build the dungeon after Moi acquired the required funds.”
“Is Vanir-san a tsundere?! There’s way too much tsun and not enough dere! Please at least care a little more about me! Haven’t we known each other for a long time? Are you really fine with me leaving with that man!?”
The flower in her hand slowly wilted. Did she activate her Drain Touch out of anger?
“It’s quite troubling to call the genderless Moi a tsundere… Okay, okay, fine, Moi will put a little more effort into my all-seeing gaze this time. Moi will go chase him away if Moi sees anything too horrible about him, are you happy now?”
Seeing the annoyed-looking Vanir, I realized that this might actually be good for Duke.
The biggest obstacle to Duke taking over Wiz’s store would be Vanir, but it doesn’t seem like Vanir himself is too opposed to it.
It’s just like a devil to think so coldly, but with this, Duke’s biggest obstacle has been removed.
… No, wait, there’s the possibility that Vanir may find fault with him after turning his all seeing gaze upon him.
Just when I’m wondering if I should stop him, Vanir’s eyes shone with a suspicious gleam…
“Ho… He is in sight. The man who is so obsessed with you is currently busy collecting information about you in town.”
After hearing that, the edges of Wiz’s mouth twitched upwards slightly despite her attempts to keep her face straight.
“… Hmm? Oh, my, this is… How wonderful! This truly is wonderful! Moi wondered why he was so difficult to see, so this is why!”
“W-What is it, Vanir-san? What’s so wonderful about him? It’s really rare to see you praise someone so wholeheartedly.”
Just as Wiz was taken aback by Vanir’s sudden change in attitude, the self-proclaimed all-seeing devil joyfully said,
“The devil who sees through all so declares! When you respond to that man’s feelings, a man will experience delight and merriment to a degree never before seen in this world.”
As we were making our way back from the magic item shop,
“Still, to think that Vanir would accept that man so easily… As expected of the man I acknowledged…”
Thinking back to what just took place, I couldn’t help but think out loud.
“Why is this man so enamoured with that stalker, I wonder… Well, compared to a certain person who’ll go have fun with some female adventurers the moment you take your eyes off him and find excuses to fool around in the bath after just a little seduction, his devotion is pretty respectable…”
Megumin shot me a meaningful gaze.
“Yeah, unlike a certain someone, he seems pretty devoted to the woman he wishes to live together with. W-Well, being unfaithful is one of the hallmarks of a trashy man, so I don’t dislike it…”
Darkness also shot me a meaningful gaze…
“What? Yeah, the bath incident was my bad! But if you don’t mind me saying, you guys were at fault too! Megumin keeps sending me all kinds of hints but never crosses the line, and Darkness keeps flaunting her needlessly erotic body but always gets embarrassed and chickens out-”
“This guy has started throwing away the last shreds of his dignity!”
“You really have been turning into the type of man that I used to consider my ideal as of late…”
Just as the two of them started berating me, Aqua, who was tottering around behind us, suddenly declared,
“I won’t accept this. I won’t accept a man with such an unknown background! Isn’t it odd? This is Wiz we are talking about! Why is he so obsessed with her? He must definitely be up to no good! This is a goddess’s intuition! That man is definitely not in love with Wiz!”
In response to Aqua’s sudden declaration, I turned around.
“You just don’t want to lose the only friend you can have tea with, right?”
“Well, yes, but I still have a bad feeling about this! It’s hard to put it in words, but I feel like this will end with someone I really hate getting really really happy…”
I see. I don’t get it at all.
“Even so, now that Wiz seems like she’s into it, it’s not really our place to interfere. If you wish for her happiness, you should just let things take their course…”
Aqua reluctantly sunk into silence upon hearing Megumin’s words.
–After Vanir gave Duke his glowing endorsement, Wiz deliberated for some time before saying that she’ll handle this soon and headed back to work.
In other words, it’s now a problem between the two of them. As outsiders, we shouldn’t interfere.
But…
“… I’ll test that man.”
Aqua said, her eyes brimming with determination.
“What do you mean by test? What exactly are you planning to do?”
I couldn’t help but ask, and Aqua confidently answered,
“I’m going to test if that man is truly a devoted and earnest man. Yes, I’ll seduce him.”
…Huh?
“A-Are you insane? You don’t even know the first thing about romance, and you want to seduce that man? Are you serious?”
Nevermind that man, you can’t even seduce a random person off the streets.
“Who do you think I am? I’m the goddess with ten million devotees of the Axis Cult, the extremely popular Aqua-sama! I’m well-loved by the neighbourhood kids, and even an old man gave me sweets recently. If I give these two a little bit of instruction, that man will easily fall before us.”
Where are you getting that confidence from?
…Wait, hold on, give these two a little bit of instruction?
Ignoring my inner doubts, Aqua continued with what seemed to be even more confidence than before.
“After all, we have the Loli Killer who is extremely seductive towards anyone whose preferences leans that way, and Eroness who can take care of anyone who appreciates a more lewd figure. If he can avoid being led astray by the seductions of these two, I’ll acknowledge him.”
“Wait, is that Loli Killer me? I won’t do something so stupid! Even if it is to test that man’s devotion, I am a devoted and principled woman too! I already have Kazuma, so I’m not seducing anyone else!”
“Stop making it sound like I’m in charge of all things lewd! I feel like the way you guys are treating me is getting worse by the day! I’m a little bit angry at myself for enjoying that kind of treatment…”
Aqua ignored the objections of those two,
“Those two are inexperienced with matters of romance, but I’ll properly instruct them, so don’t worry! Just watch, I’ll prove that my intuition wasn’t wrong!”
“I’m not doing it, okay? I’ll definitely not do it! Are you listening to me, Aqua!?”
Megumin declared to me as she violently shook Aqua.
At a small bar that could be said to be at the edge of town, a beautiful woman appeared.
That woman could be described as bewitching. Wearing an expensive dress that seemed most out of place in this cheap bar, the woman approached the robed man who was enjoying a drink alone.
“May I sit next to you?”
“… If you’re here to solicit me, I’m not interested.”
The smile that the woman tried so hard to put on froze on her face.
…Yes, the woman who approached the lonely robed man – Duke – is Darkness acting on the instructions of Aqua.
“Hey, Aqua, she dressed up and put on makeup and everything, only to end up getting mistaken for a prostitute and dismissed… pfft.”
“Don’t laugh, Kazuma, we’ll be discovered… pfft.”
I don’t know if Darkness heard our voices, but her face slowly turned redder.
This is the bar that I once ran into Duke before.
Aqua and I were seated some distance away from the two, using the Lurk skill to blend in together with the customers and ready to bail Darkness out in the event that Duke really does start hitting on her.
Of course, Darkness failed at the very first step…
“She got all fired up and said that all nobles are well -versed in the art of cajoling men and what not when I told her that it was impossible for her… Hahaha.”
“‘Very well, this is for Wiz’s sake. I’ll show you the glamour of a noble lady.’ she said. Ah, she was really cool back then.”
Darkness was quite opposed to the idea at first.
She even said such troublesome lines like ‘Don’t you feel anything about me hitting on other men?’, but when I said I wanted to experience what that famous NTR really felt like, she suddenly got really into it and eagerly agreed to help Aqua.
Seems like my words were very persuasive to a pervert like her.
By the way, Megumin ran off somewhere before Aqua could even begin to persuade her.
Just when we were whispering to each other, Darkness seemed to remember her original purpose and regained her original, gentle smile.
She let out a small chuckle and continued,
“You are really funny. I’m not a woman of the night. I’m an owner of a small store here in Axel; the name is Lalati-”
“Hey, isn’t that Darkness? What are you doing here with a dress like that? This isn’t a shop fit for nobility, you know? Hey, Lady of the Dustiness house, now that you’re here, why don’t you treat me to a drink?”
The blonde-haired delinquent adventurer suddenly butted into the conversation.
Come to think of it, he was here back then too, right? Seems like he was a regular in this store.
“… Have you mistaken me for someone else? I am-”
“What are you talking about, Lalatina? It’s me, Dust! We’ve adventured together and gone through a lot of other stuff too! Don’t tell me you’ve forgotten about that!”
Darkness turned her back on Duke who was looking interestedly at the two, and slipped Dust a small pouch of money.
Dust seemed a little unhappy for getting chased off like that, but he still took the money and left the scene.
Darkness flashed a wide smile in an attempt to smooth things over.
“… There are always such people who come up to pester you after claiming to have met you somewhere before, aren’t there?”
“So, what does the Lady of the Dustiness family want with me?”
Welp, that’s it. The jig is up.
Aqua and I moved to a corner visible only to Darkness, and started making ‘give up’ and ‘come back’ hand signals at her.
But Darkness merely bit her lip after seeing us.
“Seemed like I pushed my joke a little too far. I’ll introduce myself once again. My name is Dustiness ford Lalatina, the daughter of the Lord of this town and an adventurer.”
Seems like she intends to continue as planned after her true identity is revealed.
Sitting next to Duke, Darkness gave a gracious smile towards the barkeeper.
“Please give this man and I a glass of the best red wine in this bar.”
“There’s no way such a cheap bar like mine would serve red wine, Dustiness-sama.”
“Don’t laugh, Kazuma! It can’t be helped! Darkness is a noble lady, so she doesn’t frequent such stores!”
“Then why are you laughing!? Don’t do that, I won’t be able hold it in either!”
Facing not just ours, but the laughter of everyone in the bar, Darkness blushed all the way to her ears.
“Then, just give me the most expensive item in this store…”
“A barrel of ice -cold Crimson beer, right? Thank you for your patronage!”
Following Darkness’s order, the barkeeper brought out a barrel along with a mug.
Its completely over. Everything she does just makes things worse.
“… Wow, can you really drink this much?”
“… I thought I would treat everyone in this bar to a drink to celebrate our meeting…”
Darkness said softly, seemingly deflating by the second.
— After watching our fill of the scene, we, along with Darkness who extradited herself from the impromptu party that the bar turned into, walked back home under the night sky.
“I won’t ever do something like this again! Damn you Duke, how dare you embarrass a noble like me so!”
Darkness angrily grumbled as she removed the white gloves she was wearing.
“You brought it all on by yourself. Duke didn’t do anything… Pfft!”
“Hey Kazuma, Darkness didn’t catch his interest even after everything she did! If you laugh at her too, it’d be way too pitiful! Darkness, I think you did pretty well. Especially that line about celebrating our meeting and starting a drinking party! If someone said that to me, I’d definitely show them one of my special party tricks.”
“AAAAAAH!”
Darkness finally crumbled, buried her face in her hands, and screamed.
Afterwards, she looked up at us with a tear-stained face.
“But that man, he wasn’t swayed at all by my seduction or my status… I didn’t misjudge him. He’s completely different from a certain easily seduced someone. He’s gained a little more of my respect…”
Hearing Darkness say that with a serious tone, Aqua too assumed a serious expression-
“So, Kazuma, did you experience the glamour of a noble lady?”
“Sadly, I did not. That was the supposed art of cajoling men that all nobles are well -versed in. Was it helpful for you?”
I answered with an equally serious expression, and Darkness threw her gloves at me.
“I’ll fucking kill you!”
As we were running away from Darkness, who finally snapped, I shouted towards Aqua.
“Idiot, you went too far! She is really angry now!”
“Waaah! You were the one who made her snap, so you do something about this!”
“I’m not angry at either one of you, but both of you! You’ll just make things worse if you run! I’ll teach the two of you a good lesson before we return to the mansion!”
Next morning.
The first thing I saw after returning to the mansion was Aqua hard at work in the yard.
“So you dare shamelessly walk back in, you runaway NEET! Darkness ground my temples into dust yesterday, you know?”
Darkness was just way too scary after she snapped, so I ran away with my Escape skill and spent the night outside.
“Nevermind me, isn’t there something strange growing in your field?”
“Don’t try and change the subject. I sacrificed myself to soothe Darkness’s anger in your place, so show some more gratitude to me.”
Ignoring Aqua’s grumbling, I crouched down in the field.
Growing right there is a figure-sized little girl.
“Hey, did you actually plant a mandrake here? It’ll become a really big problem if it starts screaming in the middle of town, you know? Didn’t you say you will wait till next year to plant mandrakes?”
“The seeds were cheap, so I bought them, but it shouldn’t have sprouted so soon. Still, just what is this girl? I feel like I’ve seen her somewhere before. Only plant-type monsters would grow so rapidly, but…”
I realized what it was after hearing Aqua’s words.
“Hey, isn’t this a Tranquility Girl?! Why the hell did you plant one here?!”
“W-Wait, I just planted the seeds that the traveling salesman sold me! He was selling the seeds really cheaply too! There’s no way such a kind man would sell me a monster seed!”
This idiot!
“The seeds are cheap because it’s a monster seed! Are you not satisfied with buying a chicken egg in place of a dragon’s egg!? Now you want to raise a useless monster too!?”
“Emperor Zell isn’t a chicken! Anyway, what should we do with this girl? Darkness will definitely get angry if she learns that we planted a monster!”
We probably made too much noise.
“… Good morning, Kazuma. So you dare shamelessly walk back in, huh?”
Turning towards the source of the voice, I saw Darkness putting on her sandals as she prepared to walk into the yard.
“Kazuma, Darkness is coming this way! Do something about this kid!”
“Well, I don’t really care if that Tranquility Girl gets killed…”
Aqua started hitting me with the bottom of her hand as I prepared to run away.
“You devil! You really are a devil NEET! Don’t you feel anything for this newly -born life!?”
“Why don’t you share some of that compassion with actual devils and the undead!? Ah, dammit, she’s here!”
We stood in front of the Tranquility Girl in order to hide her from the sight of the approaching Darkness.
“Sorry, Darkness, it was my fault! I took things too far yesterday! I’m sorry, so please forgive me!”
“Yeah, Darkness, let bygones be bygones. Anyway, I’ll make a delicious breakfast for you, so let’s head back in!”
Hearing that, a distrustful expression appeared on Darkness’s face.
Leaving me who immediately apologized aside, Aqua’s behaviour is definitely suspicious.
After all, Aqua would normally say something like ‘You got so angry at me yesterday, so you need to let him experience the same thing,’ and the like to drag me down with her.
Shifting her distrustful expression from Aqua to me, Darkness asked,
“…So, what exactly did you do?”
“Hey, why are you looking at me? The number of problems I’ve caused should be countable on one hand!”
Darkness shifted her gaze to my side after hearing my words, and Aqua immediately averted her gaze.
I’ve felt this way for a while now, but this girl really is way too bad at hiding things.
“What on earth did you do this time!? Hurry up and tell me!”
“Why does everyone immediately think I’m the culprit whenever something goes wrong?! I really don’t think it’s good to be so prejudiced towards others!”
Saying that, Aqua pushed on Darkness’s chest as if she wanted her to leave.
“H-Hey, why do you want me to leave this place so badly?!”
Darkness struggled with Aqua in order to resist her pushes, and her gaze suddenly fell to what was behind Aqua…
“…Hey.”
“That’s not it!”
Ignoring Aqua’s fervent denial, Darkness continued with a serious expression.
“Aqua, isn’t that a Tranquility Girl…”
“No, that is just a cute little mandrake that sprouted quickly! I did buy a mandrake seed this time!”
I really don’t know if a Tranquility Girl or a mandrake would be more dangerous, but Darkness pushed past Aqua and screamed,
“You planted that here? In the first place, a mandrake isn’t any less dangerous than a Tranquility Girl! Move, Aqua! I’ll take care of it before it develops sentience! I won’t tolerate any discussion!”
Darkness rolled up her sleeves and moved to uproot the Tranquility Girl.
Well, yeah, this is only to be expected.
There’s no way we can raise a monster in town, so the only option is to kill it. Aqua didn’t plant it here on purpose, but we can at least grant it a swift end…
“No, stop! I already gave a name to her! I thought she was a mandrake, so I named her Deadscream Bloody Mary-”
“Giving a mandrake a name like that means that you know exactly how dangerous they are, you idiot! To think I even sympathised with you! Darkness, hurry up and end it!”
Just as I moved to grind my knuckles into Aqua’s temples,
“Good morning. You guys sure are lively this morning too. What happened this time?”
A mud -covered Megumin appeared at the door.
After taking a bath, Megumin heartily dug into her breakfast while letting her body cool down.
“Just where did you run off to, Megumin? I didn’t think you hated the idea of seducing that guy so much that you’d rather camp out in the wilds. I wouldn’t have forced you to go through with it, so don’t go to such dangerous places anymore, okay?”
“That’s not it. Just what kind of a barbarian do you think I am? It’s true that I left because I didn’t want to seduce that man, but there’s a proper reason for why I’m so covered in mud.”
Megumin let out a deep breath and wiped her mouth, seemingly having calmed down after having a meal.
“So what’s the reason? Did you find a monster worth a lot of experience points and chase after it? Or did you chase after the children after they made fun of your name?”
“Just what do you think I am!? There isn’t any child around here who would make fun of my name anymore. I made sure to teach all of them a lesson.”
“H-Hey, the parents around town have been coming to me to complain about your actions, you know? I have to apologize for you every time, so please keep that in mind and don’t do that sort of thing anymore, okay?”
Darkness uneasily said.
Megumin explained what happened to her over a pot of tea.
“Well, I didn’t really have any place to go after running away from home last night. I thought I’d be able to meet some adventurers I know, so I wandered around town for a bit…”
Seems like Megumin was unable to meet any adventurer she recognised with after wandering aimlessly around the town last night. So, she headed towards the adventurer’s guild because she thought that there should be a couple of familiar faces there…
“I came across Yunyun who was desperately trying to recruit others who would undertake that trial with her, so I lent her my aid once again.”
“Yeah, I think I know what happens next, so you can stop there.”
I tried to interrupt her, but Megumin continued with sparkling eyes,
“Listen to me, Kazuma. I have the ability to learn, you know? Last time I undertook the trial, the first riddle was too troublesome, so I ended up blowing it up with magic. This time, in order to prevent myself from letting loose in a fit of rage, I entrusted my staff to Yunyun and was only there to be her follower.”
“Oh?”
Seems like this girl who only knew how to seek the limelight has matured a little.
“But, leaving Yunyun who failed the last trial aside, I’m now forbidden from being a partner after destroying the trial grounds the first time. So, after discussing it with Yunyun last night, we formulated a plan to sneak into the trial under cover of night.”
No, scratch that, she’s still as immature as ever. She’s still coming up with all kinds of ridiculous plans.
“After splitting up in the woods, we arrived at the newly constructed trial grounds without issue. This time, we properly tried to solve the riddle. After all, there’s the number one genius of the Crimson Demons and the one who claims to be that genius’s rival at the scene. Problems involving intelligence like riddles should be a cinch with the both of us.”
“I can’t help but get a bad feeling about this.”
Megumin quickly averted her gaze as if to support my expectations.
“Come to think of it, I don’t think either of us have properly studied anything since graduating from school… The magic item refused to accept our answers no matter how many times we attempted it, so I got fed up and took my staff back from Yunyun… Perhaps because it was night when we attempted the trial, but the monsters started gathering after hearing the sound…”
“…I’ll ask just in case, but you didn’t get found out by the people in the village, did you?”
I tentatively asked, and Megumin flashed me a triumphant look.
“Who do you think I am? As we were running away from the monsters, the people from the village started rushing over after hearing the sound of the explosion! Yunyun used Teleport to transport us to the village, so we managed to slip past them and made ourselves dinner while we waited for them to come back! But I underestimated the magical knowledge of the Crimson Demons. They somehow knew that I was the culprit by the next day, and asked me to compensate for the magic item…”
“Well, of course! Your Explosion is the most definitive evidence in the world! What magical knowledge?! You are the only Crimson Demon who can use Explosion!”
Megumin apologetically handed me the bill for the cost of the magic item, and I handed over enough money to cover the costs to her.
“Sorry, Kazuma. I’ll make sure not to leave any traces behind next time.”
“I feel like you’re taking away the wrong lesson from this whole incident. You shouldn’t be doing this in the first place!”
As Megumin finished the tea I brewed,
“So, what exactly happened with you guys?”
She asked while tilting her head.
“W-What should we do?”
“What else is there to do? This is as much your fault as it is Aqua’s. You did make the field together with her.”
Megumin said in a wavering voice after seeing the newly sprouted Tranquility Girl.
“Yeah, but I didn’t expect there to be monster seeds mixed in…”
Megumin started mumbling excuses.
“Kazuma, I’ll properly raise this girl. The reason why the other Tranquility Girls grew up to be bad apples is definitely because they were raised in a bad environment. If she is raised by a pure-hearted person who showers her with love, she’ll definitely grow up to be a good kid.”
Aqua pulled on my clothes and said such things…
“Enough. Aqua, Tranquility Girls are monsters. They are dangerous monsters that cause multiple deaths-.”
“Oh, yeah, we can raise it! Not bad, Aqua! You’re really smart today!”
I loudly interrupted Darkness as she tried to convince Aqua.
I thought of a really great idea!
“What, did you think of a great idea? I knew it, Kazuma-san always comes through at times like this! Hurry up and tell me!”
Aqua excitedly said to me, and I returned the smile and explained,
“Right, listen up, Aqua. First, we’ll raise this Tranquility Girl. Then, we’ll plant more of them. Tranquility Girls are monsters that convince travellers to rest by them before letting them wither away, right? That means that they have low offensive power. Still, they are worth a lot of experience points. So, if we have a field full of them, we’ll be able to easily level up-”
“I was a fool to even rely on you in the first place, you shitty NEET! Just which pit did you dump your humanity in? Even I’m taken aback!”
And she suddenly started dissing me.
“Hey, wait, isn’t there a leveling method where strong Crimson Demons immobilize monsters so that weaker Crimson Demons can deal the finishing blow and level up that way? I was a little taken aback when I heard about it, but isn’t this the same thing? You were the guys constantly pestering me to raise my level!”
“The leveling method passed down through the Crimson Demons involves risking life and limb in order to immobilize strong monsters in the first place! Don’t compare it to this rule-breaking leveling up method!”
“Y-Yeah, this method may be effective, but this is just too inhumane…”
Great, everyone is against it.
I thought they’d be able to accept it because they know that Tranquility Girls are devious from the moment they are planted.
Even though they suffered immensely at the hands of the Tranquility Queen too…
“Say, let’s leave this matter aside for the moment. More importantly is that man who dumped Darkness in a wonderful manner last night.”
“A-Aqua, can you please, don’t keep saying that I’ve been dumped…”
Ignoring the depressed Darkness, Aqua confidently declared,
“Now that Darkness, the one in charge of all things lewd has failed, the next assassin is Lolimin. If he can withstand both of their attempts, I’ll have no choice but to acknowledge him.”
“I’ve said it multiple times, but I definitely will not do that! And don’t call me Lolimin! If you are willing to go that far, how about you stop standing on the sidelines and do it yourself!?”
Hearing that, Aqua slammed a fist into her hand.
“Yeah, that can work. If he can resist the charms of the beautiful and lovely Aqua-san, then his feelings must be quite determined indeed. Very well, Darkness might have failed, but I’ll have him dancing to my tune in no time!”
“Say, it’s a little thick-skinned of me to say this myself, but I don’t think I’m worse than Aqua as a woman. Hey, Aqua, you just snickered, didn’t you? Hold it right there, just how low do you place me in your mind!?”
That night.
We came to the bar that I’ve visited who knows how many times by now, and were sitting at a corner table to watch over them.
“I still don’t believe that Aqua has the ability to seduce a man. In the first place, she’s the woman furthest away from any concept of romance.”
Darkness repeatedly nodded in agreement to my words.
“Well, Aqua does look beautiful, so we can’t say for certain… But, yeah, her personality is a little…”
“Still, Aqua included, we’ve all been hit on when we visited other cities. We have a bit of an unfair reputation in this town, so no one dares to approach us, but normal people will fall right for us beautiful girls… W-what, Kazuma? Why do you look like you’re holding back laughter?”
I activated my Lurk skill while listening to Megumin’s protests in order to avoid attracting attention.
And I activated my Lip-Reading skill in order to follow the conversation between Aqua and Duke.
Today, instead of her usual divine hagoromo, Aqua is dressed like a normal village girl.
Under our gaze, Aqua unsteadily tottered over to where Duke was sitting.
Judging from her confident demeanour and the looks she’s sending over to me, this is probably her idea of a sexy walk.
“Hey, handsome-looking onii-chan drinking alone over there, you have the same air of loneliness as the shitty NEET at home. Can I have a moment of your time?”
Aqua made contact with the target, and mixed in some very rude sounding lines into her opening speech.
Just as I quickly conveyed those lines to Megumin and the others, Duke turned around with an annoyed face, only to freeze upon seeing Aqua.
I can understand the sentiment. It’s the same kind of feeling as coming across a strange animal.
Perhaps mistaking that reaction for something else, Aqua was all smiles as she took a seat next to Duke.
“Oh, were you surprised by how beautiful onee-chan is? Fufu, how cute. The truth is, I have something very interesting to tell you. So, would you like to hear it?”
Is she trying to assume an older onee-san character?
Seems like that’s Aqua’s idea of a good woman.
Including that line, everything about her make her seem like a suspicious saleswoman. Does she really think she can seduce someone like that?
But, when I saw Duke’s reply, I started suspecting that I may be seeing things.
“…Oh, something interesting?… I see. Very well, I’ll play along. Barkeep, give this woman a cold one.”
Are you insane!?
Why is that man accepting the offer of that suspicious-looking organism?
“Oh, thanks. Usually the NEET I’m raising will treat me to a drink, but unfortunately he isn’t present today.”
I’m going to make her cry when we get back.
Actually, she might have already forgotten that we are right here, watching over her.
Just when I was interpreting their conversation for Megumin and Darkness, I heard a clattering noise.
Looking next to me, I noticed that the both of them were pale-faced and trembling.
“Y-You’re lying…You’re lying, right, Kazuma? That man rejected me without even looking twice. Why would he treat Aqua to a drink… D-Do I really have less sex appeal than Aqua? Aqua always acts like an airhead and doesn’t give off the appeal of a woman at all, but could it be that men like that kind of woman…?”
“C-Calm down, Darkness! He’s just treating her to a drink right now! Aqua gets treated to a drink pretty often, so this isn’t anything unusual!”
Just as the two of them were shaking to a degree that I never thought was humanly possible, Aqua and Duke were chatting it up.
“So, what is this interesting thing you wanted to tell me?”
“Fufu, you’re a hasty one. Very well, I’ll tell you. I heard this from my neighbour Sutton-san. If you stick your finger into the butt of a stray neroid, it’ll let out a far louder nyaa than usual. You didn’t know this, did you?”
“… Is that some kind of code? Or is she speaking a different language?”
Duke seems to be seriously listening to it, but do I really have to interpret this crazy conversation of theirs?
“Ka-Kazuma, what are they saying? He seems very interested in what Aqua has to say…”
“Hey, Kazuma, not only my sex appeal, but is my skill at wordplay also lacking compared to Aqua? It’s not like I was really comparing myself to her, but this is still a little shocking…”
Continuing to interpret this conversation to Megumin and Darkness would just make me feel dumb, so I focused on catching their conversation.
“Then did you know about this? Even though the Pink-Shelled Mirumiru has the word ‘shell’ in its name, it’s actually a relative of the sea anemone. In an emergency, it will twist its body in an imitation of a conical shell, and drill its way through the water at high speed. Ah, but you probably don’t know what a drill is, right?”
What’s a Shelled Mirumiru in the first place? Why is she loaded up on these kinds of useless knowledge?
In the first place, what the hell kind of nonsense is she saying? Is that the flirting technique of a goddess that she was so proud of?
“My apologies, but I have not heard that word before. In fact, I can only understand perhaps half of what you just told me, but you do not seem to be lying or attempting to trick me. I can’t detect a shred of wickedness from you. Whenever humans spout a lie, no matter how small a lie it is, they will definitely let out an aura of wickedness. From just that point alone, you appear to be exceptionally pure to me.”
“Oh, why would I ever tell a lie? Still, you have a pretty good eye. You’re a fantastic judge of people, especially when it comes to women.”
“I’m quite confident in grasping a man’s true nature.”
Are you sure you aren’t blind?
I wanted to say that to him right now, but what the hell is going on?
Is Duke judging people through some form of supernatural technique, like seeing a person’s divine aura or something like that?
Probably thinking that the mood is right, Aqua broached upon the main topic.
“Still, it’s such a waste. You have such a good eye, but you choose to fall in love with a corpse. I’ve heard that you are in love with an undead.”
“What!? Me, love an undead? How preposterous! There’s nothing I hate more in the world than undead and devils!”
…Eh?
“Hey, what happened, Kazuma? What are they talking about?”
“You suddenly turned really pale. Did that man say something?”
Wait, hold on, that has to be some kind of mistake…
“Well, aren’t you a sensible man!? Yes, undead and devils are meant to be eradicated on sight! Especially devils! Just catching a whiff of their scent make my stomach churn!”
“Well said! Devils irritate me on a base level. Just why must such creatures exist in this world… That goddess Eris must be slacking in her job.”
Eh? Did the conversation just take a strange turn just now?
The image of him I had in my head is slowly…!
“It can’t be helped. That Eris can’t do anything without the backing of her capable senior. Go ahead and relay this should the topic come up. Oh, and I’ll tell you some very useful information. Eris pads her chest. This is a very important piece of information that is written in the scriptures of the Axis Cult. Go ahead and spread it.”
“Eris pads her chests… Hahahaha, I’ve learned a very interesting piece of information! If I ever get the chance to see Goddess Eris again, I’ll be sure to tease her with this.”
“Hey, Kazuma, explain things! They sound like they are really chatting up a storm!”
“Aqua looks like she’s enjoying herself more than she ever had before. Are the two of them alright?”
How are the two of them having such a great time talking about such ridiculous topics?
“It’s been quite some time since I had so much fun talking about undead and devils! I would love to treat you, but sadly, I’ve run out of pocket money.”
“What are you saying? Of course I’ll be handling the tab! Now, drink up!”
There’s no way I can accept that Aqua is actually popular amongst men.
“Kazuma! That man is ordering a whole bunch of drinks for Aqua! Doesn’t that mean I’m completely defeated?”
“Darkness, as Aqua said, we’re children. This is reality!”
I wordlessly stared at this completely absurd sight.
“Then let’s drink till we drop!”
Aqua came back in the morning.
“That Duke guy is really fun to be around. I had a really great time last night.”
And that was the first thing to come out of her mouth.
“A-A-Aqua has become an adult…”
“That’s not it, Megumin, Aqua has been an adult from the very beginning.”
Ignoring the two of them looking at Aqua in awe, I asked her about the events of the previous night.
“So, what happened last night? It turned into a drinking party before we knew it, so we gave up and went home. Coming back in the morning…. You didn’t get into an adult relationship with him, did you?
“What are you saying now? I’m a respectable adult, you know? Of course we played some adult games together.”
Is this girl serious!?
“We played the game where we rolled dice in a bowl and determined the victor based on what came up. I lost every game, though. We also played a card game that I didn’t really get. I lost every game, though.”
Is this girl serious?
“Oh, I didn’t have any money on me, so I paid off my debt with my body.”
“Are you serious!?”
I couldn’t suppress it anymore and shouted.
“Well, it’s more like I used my head to pay it off. I told him interesting things in lieu of payment.”
“Y-You…”
Aqua extended her right hand,
“I told him various things like which types of shellfish are good to eat or what kind of flowers have sweet nectar, but that wasn’t enough. So, Kazuma-san, it was a necessary expense, so could you give me the money to pay it off?”
“Stop saying things that can be easily mistaken. You really gave me a shock just now.”
I handed over a small bag filled with coins, and Aqua happily accepted it.
“… That’s the money to pay off your debts. Don’t say you’re going to win all your money back and gamble it all away.”
“… Kazuma, there’s a thing known as cycles when it comes to gambling. I’ve already lost a lot of games. That means that there’s no chance I’ll lose again. So leave it in my care.”
“Right, give it back to me. I’ll give it to Duke directly.”
Just as we started struggling over the bag of money,
“So, what do you think about that Duke fellow? He feels quite different from the earnest image I had of him a few days ago.”
“Hmm, well, I feel like he’s a mature man who understands the value of a good woman. He’s easy to handle for someone as experienced as me, but it might be a little too tough for a child like Wiz. But he hates devils and the undead, so he can’t be a bad person.”
“No, hold on, the fact that he hates undead is a major problem in itself. Is this really okay?”
Aqua let out a confident smile-
“It’ll be fine. Wiz might be an undead, but she’s especially hygenic and doesn’t reek of rot, so it wouldn’t matter to him.”
“I don’t know why, but… Kazuma, after hearing Aqua give her glowing recommendation, I just end up feeling more suspicious about that man.”
What a coincidence. I feel the same way.
“Still, all we did is investigate what kind of man he is. What comes next is up to Wiz. Plus, all he did was share a couple of drinks and get rowdy with Aqua. I often do the same thing with the female adventurers I know, so it doesn’t mean he’s an unfaithful or sloppy man.”
“That’s pretty unfaithful and sloppy from where I stand…”
Megumin stared at me with a displeased look, causing me to flinch.
“Duke gave me a message to pass on to Wiz when I told him I’m an acquaintance of her. Don’t worry, anyone who hates devils can’t be a bad person! Now, let’s head to the magic item shop!”
The strangely excited Aqua declared.
When we entered the shop, for some reason, the penguin was manning the counter.
“Sacred Highness Exorcism!”
“Piyaaaa!”
“Stop purifying Zereschrute every time you come here! It’s not exactly easy to revive him!”
Vanir angrily screamed as he saw Aqua fire off her purification magic on sight once again.
Seems like Aqua has taken a liking to purifying that penguin.
“Nevermind such matters right now! I have a message for Wiz, so call her out!”
“If you’re looking for Wiz, she’s out back talking to a flower. To be honest, it’s disgusting to even look at her. Moi really wishes she can hurry up and settle this matter so Moi wouldn’t have to deal with this anymore.”
Vanir pointed to the back of the shop as he revived the penguin.
Aqua rushed over while holding what appeared to be a letter in her hand.
“Say, Vanir, you saw through that Duke guy, right? Why did you praise him so much back then? I thought he was a pretty manly person, but he said something about hating devils and the undead. What’s up with that?”
“It’ll spoil the fun if Moi were to tell you right now, wouldn’t it? Fuhahahaha! Moi does not tell lies. It’s just as Moi said. When that lovestruck shopkeeper responds to that man’s wishes, a man will experience delight and merriment to a degree never before seen in this world. There’s no mistake in that. Devils do not tell lies, so just look forward to it!”
Vanir seemed really happy for some reason. Just looking at him act like this gave me a serious sense of foreboding.
Duke is a man who’s praised by both Aqua and a devil.
Something just feels really wrong.
Just then, the penguin slowly inflated as he came back to life. Megumin regarded that scene with interest and said,
“By the way, why is that penguin manning the store? Did you hire him?”
“No, that storekeeper was useless in the first place, but she became even more useless after getting lovestruck. So, Moi thought to use Zereschrute with his cute-looking exterior to man the store, but… you can see how troublesome that ended up being.”
Hearing Vanir’s words, Megumin tilted her head.
“Come to think of it, I haven’t gave you my name yet, right? … My name is Megumin! The number one mage in Axel and wielder of Explosion Magic! Please be careful not to get purified by Aqua and lose your insides again.”
“Oh, greetings, young lady of the Crimson Demons. My name is Zereschrute. You seem to be a frequent customer of this store, so please take care of me.”
As Megumin shook hands with the tiny flippers of Zereschrute, a slightly displeased expression appeared upon her face.
“It’s Megumin. Don’t call me young lady, use my name. Or do you have something to say about this cool name of mine?”
“N-No, not at all, but… Names are very important to us devils, so we only address others by name if we highly respect them …”
The girl who’s always been sensitive about her name drew closer to Zereschrute-
“But didn’t you properly refer to our Darkness as Lady Dustiness?”
“T-That’s because I recognise Lady Dustiness as a respectable noble, that’s why…”
Darkness blushed with joy after receiving Zereschrute’s praise. At the same time, Aqua came back with Wiz and said in a tired voice,
“I’m back…”
Aqua seemed really drained for some reason.
And as for Wiz…
“Ara, welcome, Kazuma-san.”
She had a strangely dreamy yet joyous expression on her face.
“– I’ve been seriously thinking about it. Should I answer Duke-san’s feelings, or continue working hard at this store to make Vanir-san’s dreams a reality…”
“Moi has said it many times, if you get married, the store’s business will only pick up.”
Ignoring Vanir’s words, Wiz teared up and sighed in an exaggerated manner reminiscent of a heroine from a tragic romance.
“Aah, all I did was spend everyday peacefully managing this store, so how did it end up like this? Aqua-sama, what should I do? Vanir-san needs me, but…”
“What Moi needs is your magic, not your management expertise.”
Once again ignoring Vanir’s words, Wiz placed her palm against the window as she looked upon the scenery outside.
“But Duke-san doesn’t just need me, he can’t live without me. He even said that he can’t imagine life without me…”
“No, wait, I’m pretty sure he didn’t go that far…”
“He even said that! What should I do, Aqua-sama? Which path should I choose…”
Completely ignoring my response, Wiz clung onto the somewhat tired-looking Aqua and whispered.
“Erm, that person seems like a pretty good guy, so it’s probably fine to go with him.”
“Is that so!? Aqua-sama thinks he’s a good man too!? Why would such a man be…”
Wiz said while softly giggling to herself.
“What’s wrong with Wiz? Did you feed her something strange?”
“Don’t say such heartless things. Moi has been concerned about her current state, so Moi has been giving her some proper food recently… But for some reason, this crazy shopkeeper got this strange idea that Moi has been treating her better in order to keep her in the shop.”
You have it pretty hard too, huh?
“I see. So you left her alone and she ended up like this.”
“There you have it. Right now, she spends all day with her head in the clouds. Though, she doesn’t buy any strange goods in this state, so she doesn’t get in the way of business… To us devils, psychological attacks are more effective than any kind of magic…”
And the person in question seemed to be completely unaware of our conversation, instead shooting meaningful glances at Vanir as if she was signalling him to fawn over her.
The devil let out a very human-like sigh, and said towards the strangely festive Wiz,
“Shopkeeper in heat, that letter is asking you out to meet with him, right? Hurry up and go settle this, then return to the usual you and fulfill the contract you have with me!”
Hearing that, Wiz,
“… Does that mean, even though I am good for nothing but creating red digits, you still want me to continue being the shopkeeper?”
“You won’t listen even if I tell you to transfer the position over to me.”
Vanir had a scowl on his face as he said that, but this is the first time he has expressed his intentions.
He still wants Wiz to continue being the shopkeeper.
That can only mean one thing.
“You really are a tsundere, Vanir-san.”
“How could a genderless devil be a tsundere? Stop saying disgusting things and go. Moi is the devil that sees through all, but after knowing you for so long, Moi doesn’t need to use my power to know what choice you’ll take. You might face a tough struggle, but don’t worry, you’ll definitely win. Moi is going out to receive some goods…”
He probably already knows what will happen next and how this will end up.
This self-proclaimed devil that sees through all, the duke of hell with a twisted personality…
“Once I’m done with that, I’ll be sure to rush to the scene. Moi has grown quite fond of you, so go have fun today, then, wipe out all the red numbers that you created. You fought with me on equal grounds back when you were still a human. There’s no way you can lose to a man of his caliber… Now, hurry up and go!”
An unblemished smile appeared upon Wiz’s face.
“Roger!”
The place where Duke wants to meet Wiz is written in the letter.
That would be a cemetery outside of town.
No matter how you look at it, it’s not a place you would choose for a confession.
And there’s Vanir’s parting words. Those lines sounded more like he was sending Wiz off to the battlefield than anything else.
I thought back to Duke’s words as we made our way over.
Actually, I’ve been getting a feeling that something is off.
It felt like I’m missing a piece of a puzzle, or like a button has been left undone.
If I recall, Duke said this back then.
“Now, that’s enough talk! Ice Witch, let’s have a duel!”
And afterwards, he said this…
“Why? Isn’t that obvious? It’s to demonstrate my power to you and have you give up your current job!”
Yeah, that’s how he proposed to her.
… Propose?
Hold on a second.
Is that really a proposal?
Wiz got really frantic after she heard that. If I recall, she replied.
“Y-You want me to marry you…”
… He didn’t say it.
Wiz assumed that it was the case, but Duke didn’t say anything about that himself.
And, this should be what he said at the end.
“Leave your work to me! Then, let’s do this, you-!”
Wiz teleported at that very instant, so things were left unsettled.
… Doesn’t this seem off?
–We made our way towards the designated spot as I thought.
“Hey, Wiz, that Duke guy treated me to a drink yesterday.”
“Eeh?! W-What do you mean, Aqua-sama?! Didn’t everyone say that he’s a sincere and honest man?”
This is just a proposal.
It’s a simple confession.
“Well, I thought to test if he really is a sincere person. He couldn’t resist the invitation of the beautiful me, and we ended up drinking till morning. But don’t worry, he didn’t do anything that could be mistaken for sexual harassment, and I couldn’t sense any of the wickedness that constantly hangs around Kazuma.”
“I-Is that so… But I’ve already decided on my answer, so you don’t have to worry, Aqua-sama.”
Still, Vanir’s attitude is worrisome.
I’m pretty sure he said this.
“When you respond to that man’s feelings, a man will experience delight and merriment to a degree never before seen in this world.”
… Normally, you would think that it means Duke and Wiz will achieve happiness together.
But would that Devil honestly give out advice that would result in people being happy?
“Oh? Well, it’s only natural for any man to fall for my charms, but he did push the erotic Darkness aside when she tried to seduce him. He can be said to be pretty sincere based off that.”
“I-Is that so…”
“Hey, Aqua! Stop using me as a standard for erotic matters!”
Megumin poked me in the back.
“What’s wrong? You seem to be deep in thought ever since you left the shop.”
“… No, it’s just, I have a really bad feeling for some reason… It’d be nice if it was just my imagination, but it feels like it wouldn’t be surprising if this ends in a bloodbath…”
Hearing that, Megumin giggled, as if to say ‘you’re worrying too much.’
“It’ll be fine. I don’t know how strong that Duke fellow is, but haven’t we defeated all the opponents we faced? Plus, we have the overwhelmingly powerful Lich, Wiz, with us today. And…”
She smiled to disperse my worries.
“No matter what kind of enemy we face, I’ll blow them away with my Explosion. I’ll protect you, so don’t worry.”
“Y-Yeah…”
I’m happy to hear her say that, but it’s a little different from what I’m worrying about…
At a cemetery some distance away from Axel.
Come to think of it, this was the place where we first met Wiz.
I guess you could say it’s a little romantic if seen through that lens…
“No, it really isn’t.”
“Where did that come from?”
Duke was already there when we arrived.
He was wearing that hooded robe he always wears. No matter how you look at it, it doesn’t seem like he’s here to propose.
Duke widened his eyes in surprise after seeing the people who accompanied Wiz.
“Leaving Satou Kazuma aside, there are quite a few people I recognise. There’s the Lady of the Dustiness family… and isn’t that the soulmate with whom I talked about Shelled Mirumirus until sunrise with…”
The hell is a Shelled Mirumiru?
And soulmate? You guys got real close to each other when I wasn’t looking.
Duke gave Aqua an amicable look, but he quickly picked himself up and turned his gaze back to Wiz.
Unlike Duke, Wiz was dressed up in the fashionable dress she wore the other day.
“It’s not really my place to say, but are you really fine with that dress?”
“I’m sorry to say that I’m not very well educated in such matters, but this is my best outfit…”
Duke nodded in response to Wiz’s embarrassed reply.
“My apologies. I was sure that you were looking down on me.”
“O-Of course not! You’re the first person who made me dress up like this… Umm, I’m not too used to it, so, sorry…”
Wiz slumped her shoulders and straightened her back, and a flash of surprise appeared on Duke’s face for an instant.
“I see. A skilled adventurer would usually be approached once or twice, but… It seems like you’re too famous. After hearing the name of the Ice Witch, most adventurers would be too afraid to even approach you, nevermind offer a challenge…”
“Y-yes! Yeah, that’s exactly it! Everyone was so afraid of me… Even though I wasn’t like that at all…”
“O-Oh, I see… I don’t really get it, but you have your own troubles as well, huh…”
Wiz sounded like she was on the verge of tears, and Duke seemed to be at a little of a loss after hearing that.
I heard about it from Vanir, but Wiz got so famous back when she was an adventurer that no one dared to hit on her.
Duke regained his composure and gave Wiz a fearless smile.
“Then shall we get started? I’m sure there’s no need for us to exchange any more words. Or do you intend to run like last time?”
Hearing Duke’s declaration, Wiz, who normally seemed so unsure of herself, said,
“I won’t run away. I intend to properly respond to your feelings today.”
“Oh?”
And placed her hands in front of her, staring at Duke with an unwavering gaze.
“I don’t wish to quit my current job. I have no intention of relinquishing my post. After all…”
In a slightly embarrassed tone,
“I made a promise with an irreplaceable, long time friend of mine.”
Wiz declared.
A confident smile appeared on Duke’s face as he heard that, and he returned Wiz’s gaze.
“The one known as the Ice Witch, and leader of the strongest adventuring party. Even after becoming undead, you still continue to pursue the path of magic. My name is Duke, the one who will eventually climb to the peaks of sorcery, just as you once did. King of Undead, Lich! I challenge you to a duel!”
He proudly named himself–
“Inferno!”
“Freeze Gust!”
Blazing hot flames clashed against pure white fog in the open area next to the cemetery.
The fire magic unleashed by Duke collided with the ice magic unleashed by Wiz, and the results of that clash made some serious changes to the landscape.
Large parts of the ground were covered by white frost, and bits of the ground occasionally gurgled like they were being boiled.
Holy shit, this is an actual mage’s duel!
“Hey, Aqua, I’m really moved right now! Yes, this is what fantasy is! Vegetables flying around, catching mackerel in the fields, and monsters using erotic appeals to catch prey- those aren’t fantasy at all! This kind of actual magic is what isekai really is!”
“Hold on, Kazuma, you’re making it sound like Explosion isn’t real magic. Compared to such dull spells, isn’t Explosion much more amazing?”
I was so moved by this sight to the point where I started trembling, and Megumin threw a damper on things.
“The kind of magical battle I want to see is not the kind where you just throw a single blow at the enemy regardless of its strength.There’s no elegance in Explosion. There’s no balance or strategy, it’s just a massive gamble that hinges on if you hit the enemy or not.”
“What-!?”
Megumin seemed to be angry, but I couldn’t care less about her right now.
I need to carve this fantasy-styled battle I always wished for into my memory!
“Hmph. As expected of the Ice Witch. Crimson Laser!”
“Crystal Prison! Duke-san, please wait! Please, let’s talk things out!”
The crimson ray that Duke unleashed scattered upon hitting the lump of ice that Wiz conjured in front of her.
I’ve seen many different kinds of advanced spells when I visited the Crimson Demon village, but seeing two mages ferociously cast spells at each other in a duel still makes my spirit burn.
While enjoying this anime-like scene brought to life in front of me, I suddenly heard a familiar chant and immediately restrained Megumin.
“What are you trying to do!? Why can’t you just behave yourself during such an important moment!?”
“You were the one who showed more interest in such amateurish spells than my Explosion, Kazuma! I feel a really strong ache in my heart when I see your eyes sparkle while looking at another mage’s spells! It didn’t hurt this much even when you were about to fall for Darkness’s seduction!”
“Just what is wrong with your sense of jealousy!? This is a duel between the two of them, so don’t interfere and just watch!”
She probably wanted to use Explosion to steal their thunder.
I forcefully grabbed Megumin as she started chanting and pushed her to the ground.
Duke and Wiz moved around, using the trees as cover as they continued unleashing their spells at each other.
Well, no, it’s not really accurate to say that they both unleashed spells…
“Why aren’t you seriously attacking me!? Are you looking down on me!? Lava Swamp!”
“Freeze! Fire Resist! Ouch!… I have no desire to defeat you nor do I have any desire to give up my current job! Liches have high magic resistance! I’ll withstand any attacks you dish out and make you give up!”
A pit of lava appeared underneath Wiz, which she solidified in an instant with freeze before using fire resist magic to escape from the area of effect.
Compared to Duke who simply fired offensive spells one after another, Wiz is far more adept at using her spells.
“Say, Kazuma, as a Crusader, would it be better if I were to stop their duel? Wiz doesn’t seem very keen on this duel, so should I…”
“Bind! Shut up and just stay there! You just want to experience what Advanced Magic feels like, don’t you!?”
“Kuh…! Using bind on me in such a situation, you really know how to tug at my heartstrings…”
After binding up Darkness who was talking about putting a stop to this battle, I turned towards Wiz and shouted,
“Wiz! You should hurry up and get serious! It’d be rude to Duke otherwise!”
Show me a more intense battle!
“What are you saying, you idiot!? Stop messing around with Megumin and Darkness and hurry up and give Wiz some support!”
Aqua shouted at me, but from what I can see, Wiz is the stronger out of the two.
Since there’s no need to worry about her losing, then, as a gamer who has played many different games, I should focus on absorbing every single detail of this scene…
“Even if you say that, there’s no way I can seriously attack a man who is so passionate about me…”
Wiz shouted back with a conflicted expression.
Just then,
Duke, who had been desperately casting spells with a tense expression, nodded as though he had decided on something.
“You really are looking down on me! Very well, perhaps I should make you treat this seriously! How’s this? Sanctuary!”
As he said that, a huge magic circle, large enough to encompass the entire cemetery, appeared at his feet.
“Eeh? Ahhhhh!”
Wiz couldn’t prepare any defenses against the sudden attack and took it head on.
The softly floating motes of light produced by the magic circle flashed brightly whenever they came into contact with Wiz.
“Holy magic? Hey, Aqua, can Archwizards use Holy Magic?”
“Of course not! The only ones who can use Holy Magic are Priests, Archpriests, and Crusaders. But wasn’t he using Advanced Magic earlier? How could he use Holy Magic too?”
Ignoring our questions, Duke glared at Wiz and pointed a hand at her.
Seems like he was focusing on the magic circle, for more motes of light poured out as he did that.
“Uugh! … Duke-san, please remember! Think back to the day we first met! You suddenly threw away your robe and approached me like you were trying to show me your naked body…”
“Don’t put it that way! There are other people watching, so I can’t remove it now, but there is a reason for that!”
If I recall, whenever Aqua used this same spell on Wiz, it almost purified her pretty much instantly.
It doesn’t seem like the holy magic that Duke is using is on the same level.
Wiz continued speaking while withstanding the light from the circle.
“Duke-san… ‘There’s nothing in my mind except you. I’ve trained my body for so long just for you!’ you said this on our next meeting, didn’t you? And you also said ‘I know everything about you! You could say that I am the man who understands you best in this world’…! Even if it’s a little different from what I expected, but that’s still the first time anyone has said that to me…!”
“Just what are you saying!? Nevermind that, hurry up and get serious! Even if it’s you, you’ll still end up getting purified if this goes on!”
With a perplexed expression on his face, Duke tried to persuade Wiz who still refused to attack.
Wiz made an expression like she was addressing a petulant child,
“To be honest, it made me a little happy to hear those words. But no matter what you say, I have no intention of giving up my current job. Plus, I still don’t know you too well. So…”
While withstanding the light, Wiz shyly said,
“Can we start by being friends?”
A silence descended upon the scene.
Duke had an utterly confused expression on his face.
“Yeah! Well said, Wiz! Yeah, getting married so quickly would be too hasty, right!?”
“… Huh?”
Hearing Aqua’s jubilant cheers, Duke could only react blankly.
The magic circle that covered the cemetery faded away.
“Well, this is probably the best outcome… You’re Duke, right? What happened the other day was, er, me seducing you as a test, so don’t think I’m an easy woman. But it’s great that you aren’t rejected outright.”
“…… Huh?”
Darkness said with a smile, and Duke responded with yet another blank expression.
“I think that Wiz is a determined person. But, Duke, was it? There seems to be some misunderstanding, but don’t worry, Wiz is no longer in charge of exorcism jobs from the real estate agent or purifying the ghosts in this cemetery, so you don’t need to worry about her.”
“……… Huh?”
Megumin said with a wry smile, but Duke simply gave us a look of utmost confusion…
“What are you guys saying? What’s that about friends and marriage and don’t worry and what not? I really don’t follow at all.”
“What are you saying? This is what Wiz is saying: ‘Giving up my work or suddenly marrying is impossible, but let’s start by being friends and see how things go from there.’ Isn’t that great? Yeah, you did get rejected, but there’s still hope.”
Duke looked like he didn’t follow Aqua’s words at first, but then he slowly started trembling…
“W-What are you idiots saying!? Why must I be married to an undead Lich?! Where did that even come from?! And friends? What kind of joke is that!?”
“Eh!?”
Wiz let out a shocked voice upon hearing Duke’s words, and Aqua’s face fell as well.
“Hey, there’s no need to act like that just because you’ve been rejected! You were rushing things too much! It’s obviously too much to marry her right way! Just be happy that you can start as friends!”
“Like I said, why do all of you think I’m in love with this woman!? Is there something wrong with your brain!? This is only the third time I’ve met her, you know!?”
Duke agitatedly said, and Megumin gave him a mocking laugh.
“You have the gall to say that after you stalked Wiz!? And weren’t you the one who proposed that she quit working at the magic item shop and come live with you!?”
“Huh?”
Duke thoughtfully looked upwards for a moment, before burying his face in both his hands.
“… The job I want her to quit is her position as a General of the Demon King’s Army…”
“…. Huh?”
In response to Megumin’s questioning expression, Duke replied in an extremely soft voice,
“Like I said, the job I was referring to is her position as a Demon King’s General. It has nothing to do with the magic item shop…”
With an extremely tired expression, Duke moved to remove the robe he was wearing.
Everyone other than Aqua and me averted their gaze. Just then, Wiz let out a scream.
“Aah! T-That’s the Demon King’s…”
An unfamiliar crest was tattooed upon Duke’s chest.
Wiz seemed to be shocked by that mark, but our attention was drawn to a different location.
“Aah! Hold on, you were a fallen angel!? Here I thought you were a rare good person who hated devils and undead like me, but you’re just another fool who defied the word of the gods!”
“S-Shut up! And what about you!? I thought you were a great friend who shared my hatred of undead and devils, and even cheerfully spread bad rumours about Goddess Eris with me until the morning, but what’s with your clothes!? You were a priest!?”
A pair of black, feathered wings extended from Duke’s back.
If Aqua were to be believed, he was originally an angel.
If that crest on his chest is the mark of the Demon King’s, then that means that this angel has fallen and is now an underling of the Demon King.
Aqua let out an expression more prideful than anything I’ve seen before and proudly thrust her chest out at the fuming Duke.
“You really are an idiot. Who do you think I am? A mere fallen angel should hurry up and kneel before me! My name is Aqua! The one worshipped by 20 million Axis cultists all over the world! Yes, Goddess Aqua herself!”
Duke widened his eyes…!
“Great, so she’s just insane…”
“Hey, hold it right there!”
Aqua sounded like she was on the verge of tears, but then she seemed like she suddenly remembered something.
“So that’s why you could use Holy Magic! How could you do that!? You fell after going against the word of the gods, but you still dare to call upon their powers the moment you get into a pinch? Do you have no shame!?”
“S-Shut up! We angels get run ragged by the gods! It’s only fair that we get a little power as payment! If anything, I’m just collecting a little bit of late payment for my services! You probably don’t know this, but the goddesses are all…”
At that moment.
“FU HA HA HA HA HA! FU HA HA HA HA HA!”
An arrogant and evil mocking laughter filled the area.
It came from within the graveyard, but when did he get here?
“Welcome to this remote town, one who dreams of becoming a Demon King’s General. You were originally a servant of the hateful gods in the first place, but it seems like you just got more pathetic after falling!”
It was a tall man clad in sharp tuxedo and a mask covering the top half of his face.
The devil that sees through all and duke of hell, the great devil Vanir, stood atop a tall structure within the graveyard.
“Seems like I made it in time for the best part! Oh, to think that I almost missed such an amazing event!”
Vanir seemed quite joyful, but what does he mean by amazing event?
He was originally a Demon King’s General too. Are they acquainted or something?
“… Vanir-dono, this is between me and Wiz. You may be a former General of the Demon King, but please do not interfere.”
Duke probably recognised the threat that Vanir poses. He slowly backed away, not bothering to hide his wariness.
Just then,
“… So you deceived me?”
Completely ignoring the new arrival, Wiz softly said, her head kept low.
“What do you mean deceived? It has always been my intention to challenge you for the position of the Demon King’s General. I tried to remove my robe when we first met, didn’t I? That was so I could show you this crest and explain things to you.”
Duke honestly explained, but Wiz kept her head down and continued.
“… I-I thought it was a proposal… This was the first time someone confessed to me…”
“I-Is that so? That’s most unfortunate. Even so, this is still way too huge of a misunderstanding. This is but the third time we’ve met. There’s no way I would propose so soon.”
That made sense.
It certainly made sense, but right now, Wiz is in no state to hear such things.
“I-I, I’ve been spending day and night seriously considering if I should really give up running the store… But I thought it’d be too pitiful for Vanir-san, so I came here to turn you down… Is it really that fun to toy with the heart of a Lich?! I won’t forgive you! This is the first time I’ve been so thoroughly humiliated! It was more humiliating than when I clashed with Vanir-san back when I was still a human! I even thought it was a proposal! I can’t believe you…!”
“Fuhaha~! Fuhaha~! Fuhahahaha~!”
Ignoring the indignant Wiz, Vanir continued laughing in an extremely hearty voice as he rolled around on the floor, as thought this was the funniest thing he had seen in centuries.
“Vanir-san! Just what is so funny!? You didn’t foresee this, did you!? …Ah! ‘The devil that sees through all so declares! When you respond to that man’s feelings, a man will experience delight and merriment to a degree never before seen in this world.’ You weren’t referring to this when you said that, were you!? That man that will experience delight and merriment, that was referring to yourself after you’ve tasted my dark emotions!”
“Fuhaha~! Fuhahahaha~! This is superb! These are dark emotions of the highest grade that Moi has not tasted in some time! They’re delicious! They are delicious indeed! Fuhaha~!”
“Vanir-san!”
Wiz tearfully screamed at Vanir.
“W-Well, I apologize for that! But I have my complaints too! If you didn’t live in this town, I wouldn’t have to hide my crest, and this misunderstanding wouldn’t happen in the first place. Yes, it’s because you ignored your duties as a general to live in this town. I just couldn’t leave things in the hands of such a klutz!”
Hearing Duke’s retort, Wiz suddenly raised her head.
“I’m not a Demon King’s General because I want to be! I’m only doing this because there’s no one else that’s magically skilled enough to maintain the barrier and the Demon King begged me to do it! How could you call me a klutz…!”
“You are a klutz! The number of generals have reduced to the point where even the barrier itself is at risk! Furthermore, our fortresses at the frontlines have fallen, and even that scheme that has been in the works for a long time in the shadows has fallen through.”
… Hmm?
“After some investigation, I found that all of those incidents have something to do with that weak-looking man over there. I let my guard down thinking that he’s a weakling that would lose to a kobold, and this is how things ended up… Yes, you, Satou Kazuma!”
Somehow, the topic shifted over to me.
“‘I’m willing to support you.’ You said this when we met in the bar, didn’t you? You said that to make me let my guard down, and now you’ve even brought Vanir-dono over to surround me. Kukuku, you’re a pretty good schemer, aren’t you?”
Duke seemed to have some kind of misunderstanding about me.
But, well, it’s not like it’s a bad misunderstanding.
Should I play along and say something like ‘I’m surprised you noticed.’?
“I’ve already sent a report about this to Demon King-sama. This town will eventually become a priority target for the Demon King’s army.”
“Are you serious!?”
What the hell did this guy do?!
And here I thought that everything has calmed down and my harem life is about to begin…!
Ignorant of my inner turmoil, Duke let out a fearless smile,
— and was forcefully blown away just as he was about to continue.
I didn’t catch what happened, but when I looked at where Duke went,
“Eeh?”
His body was embedded deep inside one of the tombstones.
Duke shakily got to his feet and gazed in a certain direction.
At the other end of his gaze was Wiz, her hand pointed at Duke as she chanted. She probably blasted him with some kind of silent spell earlier.
“This town will become a priority target?… Are you going to attack this town?”
Wiz coldly said, and I felt someone tightly grip the hem of my clothes.
Turning back, I saw Aqua fearfully hide behind me as she peeked out at Wiz and the others.
“H-Hey, Kazuma, isn’t this getting a little dangerous? I really don’t think I have the luxury to enjoy this kind of play right now, so can you please undo this Bind?”
Darkness said while struggling with her binds, but I don’t really have time to care about her right now.
I recall seeing Wiz lose her temper once before.
“S-So you finally got serious. Still, as expected of a Lich. To be able to cast such a powerful spell without chanting… Your age really isn’t just for sho-”
Before he could finish, an invisible force once again smashed into Duke and slammed him back into the tombstone.
She’s already pissed off, and you choose to taunt her about her age? This guy might be dumber than I thought.
“Kazuma, things are getting a little suspicious. Being tightly held down like this by someone I like isn’t too bad, but I’m not Darkness, so can you please let go of me? I want to make preparations so I can cast my magic at any time.”
“If I let you free, you’ll just ignore the mood and steal her kill, right? Don’t worry, now that Wiz has snapped, we can leave it to her. Just watch.”
I kept my eyes focused on Wiz and Duke while answering Megumin.
Yes, that was when she learned the hot springs manager was eaten by a Demon King’s General back when we were in Alcanretia.
If I recall, one of her conditions for not attacking the Demon King’s Army was for them not to lay a hand on regular people. She really made a mess out of Hans, that Demon King’s General back then.
Just as I excitedly gripped my fist in anticipation of the events to come, Vanir, who somehow made his way to my side without me noticing, said,
“Brat, it’s best that you don’t take your eyes off this. The devil that sees through all so declares, thou shalt see a most amazing sight.”
I let out a wry smile as I heard the joy in Vanir’s words. Seems like he was enjoying this.
This guy’s been pushing for Wiz to get married, and now he’s describing the sight of Wiz standing up to Duke to protect Axel as amazing, huh?
Sounds like this guy has trouble being honest, just like me.
“Uugh! I-Infer-”
“Cursed Crystal Prison!”
Wiz coldly encased Duke in a block of ice before he could complete his chant to release his flames.
With his upper body encased in ice, Duke’s face rapidly turned blue as he repeatedly smashed himself against the ground.
But the ice remained intact, and Duke slowly started losing strength…
“Do you surrender?”
Wiz asked in a soft voice.
I wonder if Duke could even hear it while being encased in ice…
Duke looked at Wiz with bulging, lifeless eyes and lightly nodded.
-Duke collapsed to the ground after the ice vanished, sputtering and coughing.
Aqua happily rushed over to Wiz.
“Way to go, Wiz! This really is a fitting revenge for dumping you!”
“Wait, Aqua-sama, I didn’t do this for revenge!”
Aqua’s carefree words caused tears to well up in Wiz’s eyes.
Seeing her turn back to normal, I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding.
“Hey, Vanir, why didn’t you tell us that Wiz had a misunderstanding? We would be able to finish this with a battle without having to go through such an ordeal if you told us.”
“Yeah! Hey, Vanir! I had to seduce that man because of you, you bastard!”
Vanir cheerfully laughed upon hearing Darkness’s and my complaints.
“What does Moi care about that? In order to taste the most exquisite dark emotions, Moi is willing to do anything. Yes, this harem brat who’s getting full of himself because the two of you are fighting over him. If, for instance, the two of you get disgusted and dump him, Moi will be able to experience some delicious dark emotions indeed.”
“C-Cut it out. No, seriously, please stop… I’ll go take some useless goods off your hands in the near future…”
Vanir smiled upon hearing my pleas.
“By the way… Things aren’t over just yet.”
“… Huh?”
I anxiously looked back towards Duke…
“W-What is he doing!?”
I couldn’t help but cry out.
While we were busy with our own antics, Duke had hastily created a magic circle and thrusted his black knife into his own heart.
“He actually did it! Look, brat! That man pretended to surrender, only to use that chance to perform one of the taboos of sorcery– yes, that’s the ritual to become a Lich! Fuhaha~! He willingly turned himself into an undead that he was bashing just a short while ago in order to attain power! Fuhaha~! This is way too amusing!”
What’s so funny about this situation?!
Duke was already fighting on par with Wiz. If he became a Lich…
“You let your guard down, Wiz! Gurk… Behold this overflowing mana of mine… Ah, power is just overflowing from the wound I made with my dagger! I can feel the cells in my body slowly dying off and turning into an undead existence! I might have fallen, but I was still originally an angel. I didn’t want to do this if I could avoid it, but I have no choice… Now, let’s have an eternal battle as fellow immortals-”
If he became the strongest undead…!
“Sacred Highness Exorcism!”
“GRAAAAAAH!”
Yeah, that’d happen.
The moment he became a Lich, Aqua, ignoring the mood as usual, blasted him with her purification magic.
Wiz sadly extended a hand to the slowly fading Duke.
“W-W-W-What is this…! I should have become the strongest undead, a Lich! What on earth…!”
“You ended up like this because you got involved with me… At the very least, I’ll grant you a painless death… Drain Touch…”
Duke became even fainter as his mana was sucked away by Wiz.
“Wait-Stop! No, don’t! Wait! This is a misunderstanding! It’s all a big misunderstanding!”
Facing his imminent death, Duke pinned his hopes on the most gullible one in our party, Wiz, and pleaded.
“Misunderstanding? After turning into a Lich, what’s there to misunderstand?”
Wiz answered in a stern voice. Guess even she isn’t kind enough to be fooled in this kind of situation.
“That’s the misunderstanding! T-The reason I became a Lich is… Yes, it’s not because I wanted to take revenge on you, but so I can be together with you for eternity as a fellow unaging undead!”
Facing such haphazardly put together excuses, even the kind and gentle Wiz will-
“T-That’s… Y-You can’t fool me! Such flowery words won’t…”
Actually, no, it seems like it’s quite effective on her.
Even Duke seemed surprised by how effective it is, but he immediately gathered his wits and…
“I-I’m not deceiving you! I fell in love with you during our battle! Of course, I won’t suddenly propose that we get married off the bat, but… just as you said earlier, I would like to request that we start by being friends!”
“S-Start by being friends…”
Crap, this is bad. To that Lich who is unfamiliar with matters of romance, that fallen angel who seemed like he’d fit right into a boyband might as well be her natural enemy.
Just when I was considering asking Megumin to blow him away before things get any worse,
Vanir excitedly said something to Wiz while desperately trying to conceal his smile.
“Kind and gullible shopkeeper, allow Moi to tell you something. Fallen angels and the angelic race are similar to devils in that they have no gender.”
Hearing that, Wiz violently pushed Duke away and started loudly chanting.
“W-Wait-!”
“EXPLOSION!!”
Wiz tearfully unleashed her Explosion, cutting Duke off.
And Vanir rolled around on the ground, laughing until he was completely breathless-
Well, it’s been a fun volume. I hope you guys enjoyed it, and I certainly hope it’s been worth the wait in getting this volume up to snuff. There are still three short stories left that I’ll be releasing over the coming weeks in the same time slot, so look forward to it.
As usual, I’ll be taking a short break to get my next project ready for release, which would be the Second Dust spinoff, Beyond the Distant Harem. Unfortunately, due to a variety of reasons, my work on TLing that novel has not progressed as far as I’d like, so I cannot promise a set release date like the previous times. I’ll try to get it out as soon as possible, but I probably won’t be able to get it out in two weeks like my previous works. Still, you never know. Fingers crossed.
In the meantime, I’ll continue releasing the Nichijou, Explosions and Vanir Manga chapters on a monthly schedule, or whenever it releases in the case of the Vanir and Explosions manga. Additionally, I’ll try to fill the time with various short stories that have been sitting on the backburner, so look forward to them.
On a certain afternoon.
I was free and stopped by the adventurer’s guild in search of something to do, and for some reason, a crowd has gathered there.
“…? Hey, what’s all this fuss about?”
“Oh, isn’t that Kazuma? It’s magic items. A magic item peddler has arrived.”
A familiar adventurer told me, and I reacted instantly upon hearing the term “Magic item.”
“There’s got to be some kind of downside, right? Like it’ll explode upon use or it’ll affect all targets indiscriminately or something.”
“These aren’t the items that Wiz-san sells, so you don’t have to worry about that. You’re loaded, so why don’t you take a look? Your companions are already out there picking stuff out.”
Turning over at his words, I saw my companions were indeed over there, picking up items as they wished.
“Oh, Kazuma, you came to the right place. Look at this item! It’s a potion that can increase my magic power for a short time! There are no downsides! I would like to borrow some money!”
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, this is a cleaning tool that will spin around once supplied with mana. I would really like you to buy it. It’d be much easier to clean the toilets with this. Oh, and it seems like there are no downsides.”
I don’t know why they are emphasizing the fact that it has no downsides, but it seems like these things are at least usable.
That said, increasing Megumin’s magic power any further would only cause more problems, and Aqua will probably break it soon enough if I buy it for her.
And, standing next to them, Darkness was looking at something in her hand with a troubled expression.
“A bandana that can increase dexterity, huh… Should I buy it? No, wait, in that case, my attacks will hit. But, on the other hand, we’ve been going up against a lot of strong enemies recently…”
“Right, buy it. Buy it right now. Actually, I’ll pay for it, so put it on right now.”
After finding an item that’s perfect for Darkness, I immediately made to purchase it.
“Wha-Kazuma! No, wait, this has, you know, downsides…”
“It doesn’t have any! Just give it to me, I’ll pay for it!
“Ah!”
After taking the bandanna off Darkness’s hands, I looked over the goods on display to see if there’s anything else worth buying.
They said it was a peddler, so I was expecting some useless garbage, but I managed to get my hands on a very convenient item.
It’d be perfect if there’s a staff that allows you to use other kinds of spells, or an item that increases intelligence.
“That’s unfair, Kazuma! Please buy my item too! Or at least lend me some money!”
“I don’t want to return this, so please buy it for me! This magic item will definitely be fun! If I put some water on it and make it spin, it’ll definitely spray water everywhere. If I use it well, it can be used as part of a party trick to create rainbows!”
“Shut up! You don’t need that stuff! Even if I bought that potion for you, Megumin, you’ll just drink it immediately without waiting for a boss to appear! And that thing isn’t a toy, Aqua!”
Pushing aside the two of them who were clinging onto me, my eyes fell upon something interesting.
“What’s this? Paralyze stone?”
“Oh, you have a good eye, dear customer. That’s an exceptional item that has a certain chance of paralyzing a target it hits. That said, there is a downside…”
The old man peddler explained as I looked over the stone in my hand.
“In addition to the chance of paralyzation being low, it’s quite rare, so there’s only one for sale. On top of that, it’s pretty expensive, and it’s not a suitable item to trust your life to in the heat of battle… After all, if the paralyzation fails to work, the enemy can pick it up, and it’d now be a threat to you. It’s an item that anyone can use, so now you’d be the one at risk of being paralyzed.”
… Indeed, there’s no point in handing your opponent a convenient item.
If there’s no guarantee that the effect will go off, it’d be like handing over a weapon to your opponent…
Just then, I realized something.
“Old man, I’ll buy this stone.”
“Huh? Are you sure, dear customer? I mean, as a storeowner, it’d be a great help if you’d take it off my hands, but…”
After handing over the money to the old man, I turned towards Megumin with the stone in hand.
“Hey, Megumin, you want to try taking on my new technique?”
“Oh? Well, as long as it wouldn’t harm me, I don’t mind.”
As expected of the Crimson Demons. They understand the appeal of a new technique.
I threw the paralyze stone towards Megumin as she nodded.
The moment the stone made contact, I used a skill I had prepared in advance.
“Steal!”
“Ouch!”
As I intended, in my hand was…
“Hey.”
“That’s not it, hear me out.”
With Megumin’s underwear in my hand, I immediately started with a denial.
“My new technique is meant to allow me to retrieve the paralyze stone after it hits an opponent. It’s a technique that allows me to throw an infinite number of paralyze stones. My Steal has a weird trait of targeting more expensive items. In other words, it’s your fault for wearing expensive panties!”
“I don’t wear expensive panties! Actually, I can’t move!”
Just then, I noticed something odd with the surrounding atmosphere.
“Y-You came up with an amazing technique of paralyzing someone and stealing their panties…”
“You devil… No, comparing you to them is an insult to devils…”
Oh, crap, I think I just raised another Scumzuma flag.
“Say, Kazuma… How much do I have to pay to experience that new technique of yours?”
Darkness looked at the paralyze stone in my hand with an envious expression.
“I won’t use it on you no matter how much you pay! Old man, I want a refund! Hey, Aqua, don’t pretend like you don’t know me, help me persuade him for a refund!”
Today, my reputation once again took another great hit.
–Afterwards, I gave Darkness the bandanna that increases your dexterity, but of course, she still couldn’t hit anything.
Just the other day, a candidate for the position of a Demon King’s general, the boyband-esque fallen angel, Duke, was defeated.
As a result, the heartbroken Wiz cooped herself up inside her shop. Since then, Aqua went to console her almost every day.
Today was no different.
As we were making our way back from the magic item shop, we ran into Yunyun, who was waiting outside our mansion with a basket of gifts in her hand.
“Can you please stop blaming others for you failing the trial!?”
“Then just whose fault could it be!? I told you not to use Explosion, so why!? Why must you fire it off at the worst possible place!?”
I invited Yunyun inside and tried to ask for more details, but…
“Now, now, calm down, Yunyun. It’s unreasonable to expect a girl like her who lives like an exploding firework not to use Explosion magic. I mean, it’d be like expecting Axis Cultists to act mature and reserved. It’s just not possible.”
“W-When you put it that way, it feels like I’m the one who was in the wrong…”
“Kazuma, that example is being rude to Axis Cultists. My children are a little free-spirited, but they aren’t as bad as Megumin.”
“Right, come at me, all three of you! I’ll show you what happens when a Crimson Demon gets serious!”
Source @ CGtranslations.me
— It seems that the Crimson Demon Village is currently holding a trial to determine who will become their next chief.
And Yunyun was currently running for that position.
The very same Yunyun who’s been introducing herself as the future chief of the Crimson Demons for as long as I can remember.
She went back to the Crimson Demon Village and undertook the trial, but…
“A single person can only undertake the trial three times, so after failing it twice, this is your last chance, right? I’ve actually heard about this trial before. The Dustiness house has dealt extensively with the Crimson Demon Village. The beloved armour that my house uses is a high-quality product made by the Crimson Demons.”
Darkness, who was listening attentively while sipping a cup of tea, summarized.
Placing her cup down on the table, she continued.
“The Crimson Demon’s Trial is designed to be undertaken by a team consisting of a strong vanguard and a Crimson Demon as a rearguard, or so I’ve heard… This must be some kind of fate. Megumin is already like family to me, so I’ll take care of her messes. Leave the vanguard position to me!”
“R-Really!? I’ll be able to rest easy if someone capable of using Decoy like you is my vanguard! P-Please lend me your strength!”
Yunyun broke out into a bright smile after hearing those words, to which Darkness returned with a gentle smile before raising her cup to her lips…
“Darkness, you’re just looking forward to having a chance to shine after all this time, aren’t you? I mean, all you did back during Wiz’s incident was seduce that guy.”
“Bluh!”
Darkness spat out her tea in response to my prodding.
Still…
“Say, would it be really problematic for you if you didn’t become chief? Like, your family has been the chief for generations, so if you fail this trial, they’ll disown you or something…? Becoming the chief means being the best amongst the Crimson Demons, so I guess competition would be pretty fierce…”
Ignoring the angry gaze Darkness was shooting towards me, I asked Yunyun who was looking down at her feet, but…
“No, if I have to say, most of the Crimson Demons are pretty ambivalent about the position of chief. The position ties them down and comes with a lot of responsibilities, so…”
Raising her head up, with a very serious expression on her face, she continued,
“I don’t have any traits or skills that stand out or any other special ambitions, so it’ll a problem when I introduce myself as a Crimson Demon…”
“Let’s just give up on being the chief. We’ll help you think of a new way to introduce yourself.”
“As expected of Kazuma! We’ll have this solved in five minutes!”
Hearing the exchange between Aqua and me, Yunyun frantically stood up.
“Please wait, you’ve got it wrong! That’s not all there is to it! The Crimson Demons are pretty free-spirited, so who knows what will happen if there isn’t a chief… but, as I just said, there isn’t anyone else other than me who wants to be chief badly enough to undertake the troublesome trial…”
True, it feels like they’d cause all kinds of chaos if the Crimson Demons were to be left to their own devices.
Yunyun always was pretty grounded and serious. In fact, her disposition is almost like a class rep, so if she became chief…
Just then, Megumin, who had been playing with Chomusuke on her lap, said.
“I guess there’s no choice. In that case, I shall become the chief-”
“You can’t even use advanced magic! Plus, becoming the chief means you have to go back to the village, you know!? If you’re only saying this because you think the title of chief sounds really cool, I’ll get angry!”
Apparently, knowing advanced magic is the minimum requirement to become the chief of the Crimson Demons.
“Now now, calm down you two. At the end of the day, Yunyun just needs a strong partner, right? In that case, leave it to me. I’ll show you why everyone runs to me whenever there’s a crisis!”
Megumin and the others seemed taken aback by my words.
“W-What’s wrong? Normally, Kazuma would think of this as a chore, so why are you so agreeable today?”
Megumin voiced the opinions of everyone present. Following her, Darkness, seemingly having made some kind of connection, slammed her fist against her palm.
“Oh, I know, it’s because there are a lot of beautiful girls in the Crimson Demon Village!”
“Oh, does the slutty lady with extensive knowledge of seduction techniques think I’m some kind of raging beast or something? I think I’ve been looked down upon lately. Maybe I’ll take this chance to remind you of what I can do.”
Seeing me wriggle my fingers in her direction, Darkness raised her fists with a frown but also sort of not…
“Oh, I get it now! Kazuma’s name just appeared in the newspaper a few days ago, so you intend to hole up in the Crimson Demon Village until the heat dies down, right? That Duke fellow came here to challenge Wiz after all, so I’m sure he’s worried that he might be the target of some adventurers too!”
And Aqua perfectly revealed my thought process with a shit-eating grin.
Just why is she only this sharp at times like this?
“T-That’s not it! Unlike the three of you who do nothing but cause trouble for me every day, Yunyun is an important friend of mine who has common sense. Of course I’d help her if she’s in trouble!”
“Wait, I think the amount of trouble we create has really gone down recently… Why are you blushing, Yunyun!? This man is just saying some superficial compliments like he usually does! You’re being way too easy right now!”
Yunyun probably latched onto to the ‘important’ and ‘friend’ bits from my speech.
“Hey, Kazuma, do you seriously intend on becoming Yunyun’s partner? The Crimson Demon Village is surrounded by nothing but strong monsters, you know? I can serve as a meatshield even if I can’t land my attacks, but you…”
“Yeah, the weak Kazuma-san would be eaten up by the monsters over there. Why don’t you stay and watch the house together with me? Let Darkness have her turn in the spotlight for once. She hasn’t really stood out much recently. There might be more follow-up interviews from the newspapers, so I kinda feel sorry to have her most recent achievement be seducing… Ouch! Hey, Darkness, I was supporting you, so why did you hit me- Ah, stop! Stop!!”
Hearing the two of them say that gave me second thoughts.
W-Well, now that I think about it, there probably wouldn’t be any adventurers who are free enough to come to this town of beginners just to challenge me…
Just when I thought that, as Darkness was driving her knuckles into Aqua’s temples, the doorbell rang, and the front door opened.
“Is Satou Kazuma-san here?”
The person standing there was one of the ladies from the guild.
“Um, a high level adventurer who travelled here from the Capital is requesting a meeting with Satou-san. If you have the time, could you join us at the guild?”
“Sorry, I’m heading over to the Crimson Demon Village right now to help an important friend of mine. I probably won’t be back for a while, so please have them come again another day.”
Everyone turned to face me after my instantaneous reply.
“Ka-Kazuma-san…!”
Ignoring Yunyun’s touched voice, I smiled at the guild lady and continued.
“So, tell this to that adventurer… ‘Satou Kazuma has left on gruelling journey for the sake of a friend. He might not make it back alive, so forget about him and go on ahead to fight the Demon King…’”
“S-Satou-san…”
Perhaps she was influenced by the atmosphere, but the guild lady’s voice seemed full of admiration as well.
I didn’t expect to suddenly head off on a journey like this, but this is way preferable than duelling a high level adventurer from the Capital.
If I leave in a cool way right now, and come back after everything’s died down…
Just then, the guild lady said to me with sparkling eyes-
“I got it! I’ll be sure to relay that to the beautiful adventurer who claimed to be a fan of Satou-san!”
“Eh?”
Source @ CGtranslations.me
The next morning.
“Is Yunyun not here yet!? I’m all done with my preparations here! We’ll blow through the Crimson Demon’s Trial in a single day!”
I already finished my preparations last night, so I was just impatiently waiting for everyone else to get ready.
It was quite early in the morning, and the sun has yet to fully rise.
“I can’t wait, Kazuma. Protecting the backline is the job of a knight, so leave the trial to me!”
Standing next to me, and as restless as I was, Darkness excitedly said to me.
“I refuse. After all, there’s a beautiful female adventurer waiting for my return. How can I not take this chance to show off?”
“D-Don’t get in my way for such a foolish reason! Come on, Kazuma, give me a chance at the spotlight too! This isn’t like you at all. Why didn’t you go meet up with that fan of yours yesterday?”
Darkness grabbed me by the shoulders and started shaking me. It seems like she really wanted a chance to shine as an adventurer, but…
“If I were to meet up with a fan on the very same day they asked, that’ll make me seem desperate and lame, wouldn’t it? It’d be best to resolve Yunyun’s issues first, then walk back into the guild saying something like ‘Well, well, this incident wasn’t that big of a deal after all…’ in a loud voice. Afterwards, I’d naturally run into the fan and everything will progress naturally.”
“W-What’s with that elaborate act? Your everyday behaviour couldn’t be any more slobbish, yet you care so much about this…”
Darkness exasperatedly said, but she can say whatever she wants.
“I need to bring back some tales for my fan, so I’m going to get a lot of accomplishments this time. You can just stay here and watch over the house.”
“N-Not a chance! The Crimson Demon’s Trial is modelled after a famous legend and requires a vanguard and rearguard working together to overcome many challenges. My admiration for that legend is what set me on the path to become an adventurer! Come on, Kazuma, chances like these rarely come by, so please grant me this!”
In the face of Darkness’s stubborn pleading, I couldn’t help but retort.
“What really set you on the path to become an adventurer is something far more perverted! Don’t think you can get away with lying now! I want to play at being a hero too!”
“T-That isn’t a lie! I won’t deny that I had my eyes set on something less upright when I became an adventurer, but I really did start admiring adventurers as a child because of those legends! And you said you wanted to play at being a hero, right!? Don’t get in my way with such a cheap motive!”
An exasperated voice called out to the both of us as we started fighting with each other.
“Do you two really want to play hero and mage so badly? I’ll play with you however long you want when you get back from the Crimson Demon Village, so behave yourself for now.”
Standing at the entrance was a sleepy looking, and lightly equipped, Megumin.
There’s a reason why Darkness and I were so obstinate about this issue.
One of the legends in this world is the tale where a girl and a guy work together to overcome numerous challenges, eventually ending with the girl becoming the queen of a country.
The twin leads of that story are the brave female mage and the taciturn male knight.
After overcoming all manner of hardships together with the male knight, the girl eventually achieved her dream of becoming a queen and wedded the knight. It’s a classic, happy story.
And it seems like the Crimson Demon’s Trial was modeled after that legend.
Still…
“Protecting Megumin doesn’t quite, how do I put it, it doesn’t have the same feeling…”
“Y-Yeah, rather than recreating a legend, it feels more like heading out on a pleasant trip…”
“Fine, then instead of playing the role of the princess, I’ll play the role of the last boss! I’ll be the evil magician that appears at the end of the first book! Now, bring it on!”
Just as Megumin started indignantly waving her staff around, a carefree, singsong voice wafted over from the yard.
Looking over, I saw Aqua watering the fields with magically conjured water.
“We’ll be going on a journey for a while, so maybe we should get someone to water the fields? Wiz is already taking care of Chomusuke and Zell, so maybe we should get her to water the fields too…”
The words died in my mouth as my gaze fell upon what was in that field.
The plant that Aqua was cheerfully watering is a seedling that resembled a palm-sized girl.
Yes, it’s the Tranquility Girl.
“Oh, yeah, I completely forgot about it with everything that’s happened, but that thing was planted on our field! Hey, Darkness, Megumin, restrain Aqua for a while, I’ll take care of this thing before we head off!”
“Wait, what are you saying!? I won’t let you do that, you cold-blooded NEET! It’s fine, if I water her with divine water provided by a goddess, she’ll definitely grow up to be a good girl!”
As I stepped closer to finish it off, Aqua hugged the Tranquility Girl protectively as she tried to appeal to me.
“No way! We don’t need another pet at our house! We already have our hands full taking care of Chomusuke and Zell and Aqua, we can’t have yet another one!”
“Please, I’m begging you! I’ll properly water her every day and take her for walks… Wait, did you just say my name as well?”
The Tranquility Girl was probably too young to understand our words yet. She cheerfully beamed at me.
… Do I really have to kill this girl?
“H-Hey, Darkness, isn’t ensuring the safety of the town the duty of the nobles? You wanted your turn at the spotlight, so I’ll let you take this.”
“N-No, you have the lowest level out of all of us despite being our leader of sorts, so you should have this.”
… …
“Don’t get attached to her just because you’ve been watering it with Aqua for a few days! Hey come on, Lady Dustiness, protect this town from monsters!”
“You sure love to shoot your mouth off. Fine, since you’re involved with this as well, here’s an order from your Lord. Take care of this Tranquility Girl… T-Tranquility Girl…”
Possibly thinking that she’s playing with her, the Tranquility Girl laughed as Darkness jabbed her finger in her direction.
Seeing that, Darkness visibly deflated.
“… How about replanting it somewhere deep in the Crimson Demon Forest where people don’t go…”
Source @ CGtranslations.me
— It was almost time for us to meet up with Yunyun.
All the pets of our house apart from Aqua have been entrusted to Wiz, so we’re ready to leave at any time.
“Now all that’s left is to wait for Yunyun to show up. Knowing her, I expected that she’d show up a few hours early or something, but…”
“No, she’ll show up right at the appointed time. There was a time back in the Crimson Demon Village where she was invited by her friends to play, and ended being so excited for it that she showed up half a day early. She was later advised that coming off this strongly will scare off her friends.”
That’s being way too excited.
Then, as the bell that signified our meeting time rung, a magic circle glowed brightly in front of the mansion, and Yunyun stepped out of it.
“Yeah it’s the exact time we agreed to meet, but appearing just in time isn’t charming either!”
“E-Eh? Why are you angry at me even though I’ve just arrived!?”
Seems like Yunyun used Teleport to arrive.
As she was being scolded by Megumin, she looked around the area…
“Good morning, everyone. Please treat me… Eh, u-um, the thing Aqua-san is holding is…”
“This girl is the one who will eventually become the chief of the Crimson Demon Forest, Deadscream Bloody Mary. She’s moving to a place close to your hometown, so please treat her well.”
Looking at the potted Tranquility Girl that Aqua was holding, Yunyun leaned in for a closer look.
“That’s a Tranquility Girl, right? That name sounds like an alias, so I would like to give it a different one if possible… Come to think of it, the villagers often tell me never to get close to a Tranquility Girl for some reason…”
“Tranquility Girls are like the natural enemies of loners. Don’t let your guard down just because it’s small, okay?”
Perhaps gaining some understanding of what kind of monster a Tranquility Girl is, Yunyun smiled with expectations for a brief moment before hastily shaking her head.
“Now then, everyone, let’s be on our way. Teleport-”
A magic circle engulfed all of us and carried us off to the Crimson Demon Village-
Source @ CGtranslations.me
The Crimson Demon Village.
This is the village burdened with the responsibility of monitoring the Demon King’s castle, and spends day and night making a large variety of magic items.
“E-Eh? Yunyun? Megumin!?”
It’s the gathering spot for the world’s strongest mages, and could be said to be  humanity’s greatest concentration of  combat power…
“Oh crap! Megumin and Yunyun brought in outsiders! Everyone, hurry up and change!”
… …
“Wait a minute! I had to throw my Crimson Demon robe out because it got eaten by bugs! I need to buy one right away!”
“Hey, lend me that broom! I need a staff!”
“Cloak! Where’s my black cloak!? Ahh, Mom, where did you put my cloak!?”
The Crimson Demons erupted into a frenzy after we suddenly appeared in the middle of the village.
The two Crimson Demons who were watching over the entrance called out to us.
“Hey, you two, you should tell us in advance if you’re going to bring someone from outside the village with you!”
“Yeah, yeah! Everyone’s in a panic thanks to you! It’s fine if you’re walking here, but you gotta give us some advance notice if you’re arriving by teleport!”
I think I’ve seen those two somewhere before. If I recall, they are Megumin’s classmates…
“Oh, if it isn’t my classmates Sakiberi and Nerimaki. It’s been some time.”
“It’s Funifura and Dodonko! Nerimaki isn’t even here! We properly named ourselves back in Axel recently, didn’t we!?”
Yeah, it’s that pair of girls, Funifura and Dodonko.
Clad in the robes that seemed to be like a uniform for the Crimson Demons, the two of them ran up and stood in front of us as if to hide the general panic that the rest of the Crimson Demons have fallen into.
“Yo, it’s been some time. Say, if you don’t mind me asking, why is everyone in the village in such a panic?”
I greeted them and asked.
“Visitors would be really disappointed if they were to visit a village of mages only to find everyone clad in normal clothes, right? Normally, the patrolling NEETs would come and inform us of any approaching visitors, but…”
“Yeah, it’s really troubling when you suddenly teleport in like this.”
“You don’t have to change for visiting tourists like us, put that effort towards fighting the Demon King’s Army instead.”
As we were talking, the Crimson Demons who rushed back to their homes a while ago started walking around the streets again, now clad in black robes.
They tried to act as naturally as they could as they went about their business, though it’s a little irritating how they kept glancing at us out of the corners of their eye.
Just then, Aqua excitedly pointed at one of the Crimson Demons who was stirring a large cauldron in front of her house.
“Look, Kazuma! A mage is stirring a mysterious cauldron!”
Seeing a black-robed mage stirring a cauldron like that really makes you think that she must be making some kind of dangerous potion…
“Outsider young lady, it’s best to keep your distance… What I’m making right now is the forbidden…”
“It’s curry! She’s making curry, Kazuma! I can smell it from here!”
The Crimson Demon awkwardly averted her gaze at Aqua’s declaration.
“Kazuma, that girl is drawing some kind of magic circle. It seems like she’s preparing for some kind of ritual…”
Directed by Darkness’s words, I looked over to see a young Crimson Demon lady writing something on the ground while muttering to herself.
As we continued observing from afar, the magic circle slowly started glowing and flickering.
Seeing that, Aqua moved closer with interest…
“You over there, it’s dangerous to get too close! I’m about to start a forbidden ritual to break the seal of a powerful devil that’s been sealed here since ancient times… Magic has already started leaking from this magic circle. Don’t worry about me and just go. This is but a regular occurrence for us Crimson Demons. Vanquishing a simple ancient devil would be a piece of cake-”
Saying that, the lady flashed us a fleeting smile before raising her hands in a determined manner.
This village had dangerous things like evil gods and goddesses and giant weapons sealed away here in the past, but they even have something as dangerous as an ancient demon-
“Leave devils to me! With the high level Archpriest Aqua-san here, I’ll blast him away the moment he appears!”
After hearing the lady’s warning, Aqua shouted such dependable lines and jumped out.
After a short wait, she started sniffing the air.
“… This is strange, I can’t sense any sinister magic in the air at all. There isn’t any of that stench that comes with devils either, so maybe he isn’t coming out anytime soon? Ah, but it’s fine, I’m really free right now! If it’s to vanquish a devil, I’ll wait here for an entire day!”
Saying that, she sat down as if to watch over the circle.
Looking at Aqua sit down with the Tranquility Girl seedling by her side, the Crimson Demon lady started breaking out in cold sweat for some reason.
“Say, Megumin, doesn’t that lady seem a little troubled?”
“Oh, is that Soketto? I was wondering what she was doing… That magic circle is just an attraction for tourists. All it does is glow and sparkle. It’s probably the first time Soketto has seen someone react like Aqua, so I’m sure she is quite troubled.”
Why is everyone here shot in the head?
Eventually, the lady shook her head in an exaggerated manner.
“… Damn, this devil started fiercely resisting all of a sudden. It seems like he’s scared by your presence. Unfortunately, I don’t have enough mana to break through the seal… But, well, this is fine too. Thank you. The village is saved thanks to you…”
“Don’t worry, leave it to me! Hey, Kazuma, transfer my mana to this lady! If it’s for dragging a devil out here, I’ll give you as much of my divine mana as you need!”
The lady’s face suddenly stiffened.
“Right, leave it to me! If it’s to vanquish a devil, I’ll happily lend a hand!”
“As expected of Kazuma, you catch on fast! Don’t worry, my mana is inexhaustible, so you can take as much as you want!”
“Soketto-san is about to cry, so please stop!”
Source @ CGtranslations.me
After we were done teasing that lady, we parted with Yunyun and made our way to Megumin’s house.
Walking beside me, Megumin sighed as she said.
“… Seriously. That cool and strong-willed Soketto ended up almost being driven to tears. She’s the Crimson Demon’s best fortune teller. If you tease her too much, she’ll start spreading stuff about you that you don’t want revealed.”
“Sorry, she looked really pretty, so I just… Anyway, what do you mean by that? After all this time, there’s nothing I particularly need to hide, so threats like that won’t work.”
We’ve formed a really strong bond after knowing each other for so long.
After all that, there isn’t really any secrets I’d want to keep from my companions…
“Back when a NEET named Bukkoroli made her angry, she revealed stuff like when he usually takes a bath or uses the toilet, his past embarrassing incidents and fetishes, and even what he gets up to at night, and caused him to coop himself in his room for quite some time.”
“I’ll definitely apologize when I see her again.”
After my immediate response, I once again took in the sights of the Crimson Demon Village.
It seems like a peaceful village you’d see anywhere else at first glance, but there are quite a few differences that set it apart from a regular village.
Take, for instance, one of the houses that Darkness took an interest in as she passed by.
“S-Say, Megumin, what is that person doing? He seems to be directing that golem to attack a rotating pot, is that some kind of ritual or something?”
“That person is the best potter amongst the Crimson Demons. He’s rotating that pot using clay magic and shaping it with that golem. He doesn’t use his hands because they’ll get dirty, so he uses the golem instead.”
I really want him to apologize to the potters of the world.
“Hey, hey, what are those people over there doing?”
Aqua was pointing to where a group of Crimson Demons, carrying baskets filled with clothes, were gathering.
“Tornado!”
A Crimson Demon that looked like a housewife chanted, and a large tornado sprung forth in front of her.
“Create Water!”
Next, the other housewives started spraying water towards the tornado.
Once the powerful magical tornado was filled with water and stabilized-
The housewives started throwing their clothes into it one after another.
“They’re just doing laundry.”
“You people are really great at using magic for frivolous purposes.”
Just as we said that, we arrived at the edge of the village…
“…Well, this should be the right spot, but…”
To Megumin’s bewilderment, what lay in front of us was a newly built house that was fairly large even compared to the other houses in the village.
It’s similar to, but at the same time wildly different from the house we stayed at in the past.
After standing dumbstruck for a while, Megumin hesitantly approached the house and rang the doorbell.
Shortly afterwards, the pitter patter of running feet could be heard from beyond the door, followed by a voice.
“Who’s there?”
“Fufu, who do you think it is?”
Megumin was probably trying to surprise her younger sister after suddenly returning and all.
As she put on a wide smile in front of the door, a loud click could be heard from beyond it.
It seems like the door has been locked.
“Our house might look impressive, but we have no money. Please go away.”
“It’s me! Your older sister Megumin! You can tell from my voice, right!? Please open up!”
The door opened slightly in response to Megumin’s desperate cries.
From the way she peeked out through the gap in the door, it seemed like she was still wary of us.
“… I don’t have an older sister. She died in an explosion.”
“What are you saying!? I’m well alive and here in front of you! Come on!”
Komekko slammed the door shut after confirming her sister’s presence.
“My nee-chan would show her face at home after coming back so many times..”
“Ah! N-No, umm, that’s… I came back to help Yunyun with her trial, not to play around, so… Komekko, are you sulking because I ignored you? I’ll play with you a lot tonight, so please cheer up.”
Megumin put on a mollifying smile as she said that, and Komekko…
“I don’t really care about playing with nee-chan, I just wanted a souvenir.”
“You don’t actually mean that, right!? You’re just saying that because you’re pouting, right? It really hurts, so please stop!”
Sensing things at an impasse, I pulled out a gift from my backpack.
“Yo, Komekko, it’s been some time. It’s Kazuma onii-chan. Here, I’ll give you a snack.”
“Welcome home, Onii-chan.”
“Komekko! You don’t have a brother, only a sister! Please properly welcome me back!”
Source @ CGtranslations.me
-After being welcomed into Megumin’s house, we looked around the newly renovated house.
“Have some tea.”
“Oh, my, thank you. You’re a pretty thoughtful girl, aren’t you, Komekko-chan?”
After receiving Komekko’s warm reception, Aqua looked down at her with a gentle expression.
“Is this a present?”
“Komekko-chan, this girl isn’t food or a gift. In the first place, you shouldn’t eat any creature that looks this much like a human.”
Komekko started drooling as she eyed the potted Tranquility Girl on the table.
“Now then, as the sister who’s been sending back money every month, I would like to learn more about this newly built house.”
“The old house went boom, so they built a new one.”
Oh, yeah, come to think of it, they said something about Megumin’s house getting destroyed before, right?
“I’ve heard about that before, but, be it the furniture or everything else about this house, they all feel like they are of far better quality than the stuff I’ve been using…”
Megumin had a complicated expression on her face as she said that.
Seeing that, Komekko, while stuffing the snacks I offered her into her mouth, said,
“Nee-chan’s a cheapskate.”
“Where did you learn such words!? It must be that damned NEET Bukkoroli, right!? I’ll definitely ask Mother and Father about this house when they get back!”
Source @ CGtranslations.me
That night.
“That’s how it is, so even though the house has been renovated, we are still broke! If you spare any thought for your mother at all, please don’t stop sending back the money!”
“I get it, so please stop pulling on my cloak! Everyone’s watching! It’s embarrassing, so please stop!”
After getting the story from her mother after she returned home, it came to light that her family took out a loan in order to rebuild the house.
“Well, it’s a good thing to have a bigger house. Ah, I’ll be in the village for a while, so Kazuma and the others will be staying here for a few days. Anyway, where’s my room?”
Megumin let out a tired sigh…
“…Eh? Umm, your room is…”
“Hey, hurry up and show your own flesh and blood daughter to her room. Otherwise I’ll stop sending money back to my cold-hearted parents.”
Yuiyui grabbed on even tighter after hearing that.
“You were living in such a gorgeous mansion, so I didn’t think you’d ever come back! There are several rooms free, so just take whichever room suits your fancy! I recommend the room at the back of the second floor! That room is wide and has thick walls, so you’ll be able to sleep together with Kazuma-san!”
“We’re obviously going to sleep in different rooms if you have the space! Don’t put your own daughter in the same room as a young man!”
Looking away from the indignant Megumin, Yuiyui affixed me with a serious gaze.
“Kazuma-san wants to have the same room as my daughter, right?”
“Of course, isn’t that obvious?”
“You’ll just make things more complicated, so please shut up!”
Megumin snapped at me after my instant answer.
“Hey, wait, didn’t you just ask me how many children I wanted the other day!?”
“That isn’t something to say in front of my parents! Anyway, that’s just talking about the future!”
Aqua beckoned Komekko away from us as we argued.
“You can’t listen to what those two are talking about, okay? I’ll fold some origami for Komekko-chan. Behold, Bomber Majin Moguninnin.”
“So cool!”
What the hell is a Bomber Majin? What’s a Moguninnin? That sounds really interesting.
As Aqua drew Komekko’s attention away, Darkness slowly started getting worked up.
“Megumin, you… ! You keep calling me Erosader and Erolady and all that, but since when did you come up with a family plan!? You closet pervert!”
“H-How rude! Who is a closet pervert!? Argh, nevermind! Kazuma, let’s go! I haven’t done my daily routine yet. We’ll just find a place to let it off.”
Probably realizing that she’d be at a disadvantage if this were to drag on, Megumin grabbed my hand and tried to leave…
“Daily routine? Darkness-san, what exactly is my daughter’s daily routine?”
“Megumin does something that drains her stamina to the point where she cannot move every day.”
“Darkness, please don’t put it in such an easily misunderstood way! That sounds like I’m doing something really obscene!”
Darkness probably still holds a grudge over being called Erosader or whatever, because…
“By the way, because of the loud noises she makes during her daily routine, it’s become somewhat of a local spectacle in Axel. Recently, people have even come to watch…”
“Just what is my daughter doing in public!?”
“Explosion magic! I’m just shooting Explosion! Darkness, if you say any more misleading things to my mother, I’ll really make you suffer later!”
To Megumin who was blushing bright red, Darkness put on a serious expression and,
“Don’t think I’ll be happy just because you say you’ll make me suffer. I don’t hate you, Megumin, but I don’t think that sort of thing should be done between women.”
“I didn’t think about making you happy at all! Did the monsters knock something loose in your brain!? Enough of this, Kazuma, let’s go… Huh? Kazuma?”
I activated my Lurk skill and snuck away before I could be dragged into anything troublesome.
Source @ CGtranslations.me
Let’s leave Megumin’s daily routine to Darkness.
Stepping out into the village at night, I found myself in front of a store that caught my interest while I was walking around the village this afternoon.
Written on the flashy pink sign hanging above the entryway were the words “Succubus Lingerie Pub.”
There exist an actual Succubus service in Axel. It wouldn’t be too surprising for there to be such stores outside of Axel too.
What really caught my interest was the Lingerie part.
There are pubs known as lingerie pubs back in Japan that only serves adults.
From what I’ve heard, it’s a place where you can get ladies in their underwear to drink with you.
I can see lewd dreams whenever I want.
But I want to get fawned over in real life from time to time too.
After all, due to the dominance of the succubus service, Axel is mostly devoid of other stores that caters to adults.
They do say that what happens on a trip stays on the trip, after all. It’s fine to cut loose every once in a while.
To be honest, I don’t really mind being away from the succubus service out here.
After all, there are a lot of beautiful girls in the Crimson Demon Village.
I feel like there’d be some people who’d criticise me for doing this even though I have Megumin, but these types of stores don’t count.
I’m just drinking with an older lady, that’s all.
Having repeated that excuse to myself multiple times, I strengthened my resolve and opened the door-
Source @ CGtranslations.me
“Oh, welcome, outsider. If you’re alone, will a counter seat be fine?”
Seeing nothing but men sitting inside, I instantly knew that I’ve been tricked.
Still, I held onto a small glimmer of hope as I moved to the counter.
“Umm, is this a regular pub?”
“Ah, the most intelligent Crimson Demon thought up the name for this pub and inn. Customers from outside the village all end up asking the same question.”
… The most intelligent Crimson Demon.
“Is that person also the same one who gave the name of “mixed hot springs” to the public bath that is neither mixed nor a hot spring?”
“I’m surprised you know that. That very same person thought up the names for most of the tourist attractions in this village too.”
I really wish these people would put that intelligence and useless uses of powerful magic towards fighting the Demon King’s Army instead.
Leaving right now would be the same as admitting that I was tricked by the name, so I’ll buy a drink before getting out of here.
As I was thinking that while sipping on beer that I ordered,
“Welcome, customer. My name is Nerimaki, daughter of the owner of the number one pub in the Crimson Demon Village, and the one who will eventually become its owner! Onii-san seems to be a friend of MeguYun, so I’ll give this to you as a special service. In exchange, would you please tell me how they are getting along in Axel?”
A girl with long, black hair placed a dish I didn’t recall ordering on the counter before sitting down next to me.
If she’s referring to Megumin and Yunyun at the same time like that, she’s probably one of their classmates or something.
She’s probably interested in how her classmates are doing outside the village.
In a voice loud enough for the surrounding Crimson Demons to hear, I started talking about the achievements of those two-
Source @ CGtranslations.me
“W-What did you say!? That Yunyun has a male friend!? Go on! Tell me more about what kind of people those two guy friends of hers are like!”
“One of them is a blonde delinquent. The other one could be said to have a devilish personality, or even a devil himself…”
At my words, Nerimaki shook her head and slammed on the table.
With this, Yunyun won’t be called a loner by the Crimson Demons.
I didn’t originally set out to do this, but I am looking forward to hearing Yunyun’s thanks in a few days.
“How could this happen? Where did the pure Yunyun who helped me work on my finishing pose go… ! Those two always had a yuri-like air about them, so I’m sure they would’ve clung onto each other…!”
Nerimaki seemed to be deep in thought about something as she mumbled to herself, but I clinked the ice of my glass together and continued talking for the benefit of the others present.
“By the way, I’m currently building an adult relationship with Megumin. I don’t dislike seeing yuri, but it’s a loss for humanity for two beautiful girls to get together. I intend to put my all into fighting the loss of population caused by the Demon King’s army.”
“That sounds really cool and all, but at the end of the day you’re just talking about making children.”
The moment Nerimaki shot that towards me, the pub suddenly grew noisy.
As for why, well…
<“Bro!? Is that you, bro!?”>
The second floor was an inn, right?
The thing that came down the stairs is a boisterous set of full plate that I couldn’t forget even if I wanted to.
<“It’s me! The strongest, toughest, dancing and singing Divine Relic amongst Divine Relics! Your bro, Aigis-san!”>
The holy armour that was supposed to have been taken away by Eris was standing there.
Source @ CGtranslations.me
<“What a coincidence to run into you here, bro! Could this be fate!? We might have pretty good compatibility with each other! If Kazuma-chi ends up reborn as a beautiful girl, I might let you get inside me!”>
“Who the hell is Kazuma-chi? And don’t just call me bro.”
Sitting down next to me, Aigis pointed at Nerimaki and said.
<“Ojou-san, you probably can’t make any breast milk yet, so just give me some milk that’s the same temperature as your body.”>
“Armour-san really sexually harasses everyone every night, don’t you?”
Aigis is the same as ever.
<“Sexual harassment is a demonstration of affection, Ojou-san. You want to stick your finger inside me? It’s quite warm, you know?”>
“You know the Crimson Demons are the strongest, most combative group there is, right? Picking a fight with them… You’re really amazing. There really is a fine line between bravery and stupidity.”
Probably having already gotten used to it from dealing with drunken customers, Nerimaki disinterestedly stuck a finger into Aigis’s visor.
As I was looking at such a surreal scene,
“So, what are you doing here? Didn’t you get taken away by Eris-san?”
<“Oh, yeah, listen to this, Bro! She’s outrageous! She tried to give me to a swordmaster nii-chan! And yet another intolerable pretty boy too! He got mad when I teased the girls around him, so I ran away from home!”>
Having his own equipment run away… That guy doesn’t have it easy, huh?
“Well, I get that, but why did you come to the Crimson Demon Village of all places?”
<“… The Crimson Demon Village is surrounded by nothing but strong monsters. That’s right, I gave him a trial! One to determine if he truly is a man fit for me!”>
The Chief’s trial and now this one, why does everyone here like trials so much?
“Dear customer, didn’t you say ‘Ah, the Crimson Demon Village is full of beauties just like I heard! I’ll stay here from now on!’ the other day?”
<“Now now, Ojou-chan, don’t say such things in a conversation between gentlemen. Here’s for the milk. Keep the change.”>
Aigis handed over something to Nerimaki as she handed over the glass of milk to him.
“…Are those fragments of some sort?”
<“They are pieces of my shining body. I’m made of Orichalcum, after all. You can probably make enough to buy a castle by selling me… You two are kind of scaring me here, so can you please stop looking at me like that?”>
Well, he’s a Divine Relic, after all.
He’d be easily worth more than a castle.
<“Your face is too close, bro. Here’s the body temperature milk that this ojou-chan just brought me. It’s my treat, so chug it down.”>
“Why did you order it if you can’t drink it? Anyway, will you be staying here for a while?”
<“Well, I’ll probably go to an Eris Church to meet with my master again after I’ve had my fill of playing with the beautiful ladies here… Ojou-chan, haven’t I already paid for my stay in advance? Could you please stop scraping me?”>
Nerimaki was scraping away at the side of Aigis’s head with a spoon.
With the glass of warm milk still in my hand, I said.
“Well, it’s great if you’re staying for a while. The truth is, I’m here to help someone with the trial to become the chief of this village. I might need your help at some point, so can I count on you if that happens?”
<“Well, I’ll be free anyway, so I don’t really mind, but can you please stop this girl before she scrapes all of me away?”>
“I originally thought that the trial was about answering riddles.”
Darkness spoke in a hesitant, stuttering manner while holding the cup of tea Megumin brewed for her.
“That’s my impression as well, but what could push you to such a state? The Chieftain’s trial is tough, but it’s something that could be overcome with two Crimson Demons. Just what happened? If it’s something unfair, I’ll go scold them for you.”
Megumin gently asked while stroking Darkness’s head like she was comforting a crying child.
“Megumin destroyed out all of the magic items they use to create riddles… They also said they were tired of riddles, so they decided to go with something else…”
“So it’s your fault!”
Megumin quickly averted her eyes.
“So what exactly did they make you do, Darkness?”
“‘The most important thing for a Crimson Demon is aesthetics! Strike a pose and name yourselves!’ they said, so they made Yunyun and me strike cool poses and name ourselves until they were satisfied.”
M-My condolences…
source @CGtranslations.me
ーYuiyui ended up spending the night in a dungeon, so no shenanigans happened that night.
And next morning…
“Leave the trial to me today.”
The first thing Aqua said to Yunyun as she visited in the morning were those words that did nothing to inspire confidence.
“I feel a little uneasy leaving things to you, but Darkness is in no condition to participate…”
“Uuu…. I don’t want that sort of embarrassment… that is not the kind I desire…”
As Darkness mumbled gloomily, Yunyun gazed around like she was looking for someone.
“If you are looking for Megumin, she got taken away as the prime suspect for causing the explosion last night.”
“What is she doing!? And why is Kazuma-san so calm!?”
Oh, yeah, another explosion happened in the forest last night.
“Causing explosions and getting dragged away by the cops is just business as usual for her. More importantly, you’re taking your second trial today, right?”
“Y-Yes… I don’t think they’ll do something like yesterday’s trial…”
Yunyun trailed off.
“Say, can you show me the poses you struck and the lines you said yesterday?”
“Absolutely not.”
The normally shy and soft-spoken Yunyun strongly objected.
“N-Now then, Aqua-san, shall we head off?”
“Yes, I’ll show you what I can do today. I’ve been thinking of special poses and ways to name myself last night, so I didn’t get much sleep, but you can look forward to my performance today.”
“N-No, I don’t think they’ll use the same thing for the second trial…”
With a significant amount of unease in her voice, Yunyun headed off with Aqua for their trial.
“Now then, shall we go pick Megumin up?”
“Say, Kazuma, instead of going to pick her up every day, wouldn’t it be better to think of a way for her not to be thrown into jail in the first place?”
source @CGtranslations.me
As we were walking down the street, I came across a strangely familiar young man.
“Oh, hey, Kazuma, it’s your rival.”
Darkness said something really strange upon seeing him.
“What are you talking about? The undefeated me has no rivals. Though, he does seem familiar somehow…”
“D-Did you really forget about him? He’s… umm, I think his name was…”
“It’s Mitsurugi! I thought the Lady of the Dustiness family was the most normal out of the bunch, but to think that you would forget my name too…!”
Indeed, the Swordmaster who wields the Magic Blade Gram is standing before me.
“Yo, it’s been some time. How’ve you been? Anyway, I’m in a rush, so…”
“Hold it! Why are you acting like you are avoiding me!?”
Mitsurugi hastily grabbed my arm as I tried to leave.
“Well, it’s not like we are that close. Plus, it’d be a bother if we get into a fight every time we meet.”
“W-Well, that’s true, but… No, more importantly, what are you doing here? The monsters around the Crimson Demon Village aren’t creatures someone of your level can handle.”
“A friend of mine is undertaking the Chieftain’s trial in this village, so I came here to help out. What about you? What are you doing here?”
From the looks of it, Mitsurugi came here alone without bringing his usual hanger ons.
“Well, this might sound crazy, but a divine relic of mine ran away… He left a note and went on a journey… Haha, it’s fine to laugh if you feel like it…”
Darkness, who doesn’t know about Aigis, gave Mitsurugi a genuine look of concern.
“Seems like you’re pretty worn out… There’s a hot springs around here, so take your time and recuperate… And, um, don’t push yourself, okay?”
“Haha, it’s only natural that you don’t believe me… The truth is, the Goddess Eris-sama appeared in my dreams. She entrusted me with a very important divine relic and asked me to save the world with its power, but… one day, I woke up to a letter… ‘As you are right now, you are thoroughly unfit to wield me. You depend too much on the power of that magic sword. As a divine relic, I too have my own matters to attend to. Set off on a journey to find me while I’m off tying up a few loose ends, and become stronger in the process! I’ll be waiting for you. Now, Hero, rise up to the challenge’…”
The matters that the divine relics set off to attend to is to see the Crimson Demons that are famous for having a lot of beauties.
“Afterwards, I’ve heard that there’s a skilled fortune teller in the Crimson Demon Village, so I came here to ask her to look into the divine relic’s whereabouts… But she probably thinks I’m pulling her leg too… She told me that he’s sexually harassing the waitresses at the pub, but that’s obviously facetious…”
That fortune teller is very accurate indeed.
“Well, that’s enough about me. It’s a trial that the divine relic Eris bestowed upon me set before me. I didn’t expect it to be so easy to overcome. Anyway, now that I’ve met you, I should pass on a warning.”
Just as I was debating whether I should tell him about Aigis or not, Mitsurugi’s face suddenly turned serious.
“The Demon King’s Generals have put the town of Axel in their sights… No, perhaps it’s more accurate to say that the Demon King’s army is aiming for Axel. I don’t know if their goal is the destruction of the town itself, or you, or perhaps even Aqua-sama, but if you aren’t confident about standing up to them, it’s best that you lay low in this village or the capital for awhile.”
Saying that, he turned around.
“You defeated me once before. It’d be problematic if you were to lose to the Demon King. I’ll definitely beat you next time. And then, Aqua-sama will…”
Leaving behind such dramatic parting words, Mitsurugi left.
“… Say, Darkness, doesn’t the way he put it make me sound like a main character of some sort?”
“No matter how you slice it, he looks much more like a protagonist than you.”
After seeing off Mitsurugi-
“Now, then, let’s go get Megumin-”
“… S-Say, Kazuma, getting Megumin back is nice and all, but maybe we could take a little walk before then? I mean, back in Alcanretia, we explored the city together too, didn’t we?”
Darkness suddenly said.
“I don’t mind taking a walk, but I don’t know what Megumin will say if she found out that we went out to have fun without her.”
More to the point, if it was just a walk, we could go get Megumin and walk around with all three of us…
“W-Well, I thought we could do something date-like for once…”
Darkness trailed off…
A date, huh?
“You know, now that I think about it, I don’t think I’ve ever gone on a proper date before…”
“R-Right!? No, I do think that walking around town together is pretty date-like, but I’ve always looked up to those storybook-style dates where you fuss over what to wear and arrive at the meeting point earlier than the appointed time-”
Darkness slowly blushed as she said all that in one breath.
“So you have a maidenly side too. If you had this ojou-sama-like feeling back when we first met, I might’ve fallen head over heels for you.”
“Eh!? Is-Is that so? … I thought that such maiden-like hobbies wouldn’t be a good fit for a noble lady of a great house, but… I see…”
Well, I was more talking about keeping her sexual fetishes hidden and coming off like a regular girl, but I guess it doesn’t matter.
“S-Say, Kazuma, the weather is really great today!”
“Apparently the Crimson Demons use magic to control the weather, so it’s always sunny around these parts.”
Since it’s always sunny out here, the Crimson Demon Village is always perfect for a walk.
They’re wasting magic as usual, but the magic of the Crimson Demons is impressive nonetheless.
“Look, Kazuma, a cat is taking a nap on that fence! It’s great that it’s peaceful out here.”
“That’s a Crimson Demon familiar. Apparently they’re there to monitor the area around the village.”
I relayed some local trivia to Darkness when she happily pointed towards the cat.
“Look, the elderly are leisurely fishing over there…”
“Ah, those guys are gathering up the monsters who live in the river. They are using steel cables for fishing lines, so they can send lightning based magic down the lines when they get a bite and level up that way.”
Darkness, who was so elated a short while ago, slowly frowned.
“… Kazuma, I don’t think this village is a good place for a date.”
“Well, it’s the home village of the famously combative Crimson Demons, after all. What, do you really want to go on a date that badly?”
Darkness, walking next to me, suddenly turned to face me.
“Of course! In the first place, you were trying way too hard to get me to fall for you!”
“That’s not how I remembered it! I lent you a hand and you fell for me on your own!”
I immediately retorted with a sound rebuttal, but it seems like what I just said was the absolute worst possible thing.
“OーOn my own!? I fell for you on my own!? Who was it that barged into my wedding back when I was about to be married off to Alderp!? And you scattered your entire fortune in front of everyone and declared that you bought me or whatever before taking me away!”
“W-Well, I can’t help it, now can I?! It’s not like I can help being cool! I can’t help getting all kinds of accomplishments! Sorry for being cool! I’ll apologize for achieving all that glory! Yeah, normally everyone would fall for me, right!?”
“What glory!? Don’t get ahead of yourself! The only people who’d fall for a trashy man like you are weirdos like Megumin and me!”
“Do you like me or hate me!? Pick one and stick with it already! If you like me, then praise me more! There’s a fan waiting for me when I go back to Axel, you know!”
Darkness looked at me with a doubtful gaze upon hearing that.
“Don’t tell me you actually believe that? It’s probably some scammer attracted by your wealth or fame. It’s a little strange for me to say this, but there’s no way a fan of you can exist.”
“S-Shut up! My only flaw is being unwilling to work! I’m otherwise a pretty good catch, you know!?”
“Being unwilling to work is a fatal flaw!”
Just as Darkness and I were locking horns,
“If Kazuma doesn’t want to work, I’ll just find a job to support you.”
“You’re being too soft on him, Megumin! This is why he’s becoming more and more slovenly!”
“You’re one to talk! Didn’t you say that your type was a trashy man who doesn’t work!?”
… …
The two of us turned around, and standing right there was Megumin.
“You two sure seemed to be having fun while I was in the lock-up. Do you mind if I join in?”
Darkness and I lowered our heads-
“-I told her multiple times that we should go pick up Megumin, but Darkness…”
“Y-You were saying that you never went on a proper date or whatever too! N-No, Megumin, that’s not it, we haven’t been here in quite some time, so we were talking about going sightseeing…”
In response to our utterly pathetic excuses, Megumin shot us an exasperated look.
“You want a proper date, huh? So let’s go on a date with all three of us. I’ll guide you to some great shops.”
“That doesn’t sound like a date… No, nevermind…”
We didn’t do anything particularly bad, but for some reason, I just couldn’t say anything.
“Anyway, let’s go for lunch. There’s a restaurant I used to work at around the corner.”
“Yes.”
Following the strangely chipper Megumin, we ended up taking a walk around the village.
“-Welcome! Oh, hey, Megumin! It’s been a while. Have you learnt any other spells apart from Explosion?”
“Yes, it has been some time. I have no intention of learning anything else other than Explosion. There was a period of time where I considered learning Advanced Magic, but when I gave my card to Kazuma over here, he said ‘The only spell that suits you is Explosion. Only focus on pursuing the path of explosions…”
“I did not say that. I definitely did not go that far.”
After I denied Megumin’s rampant delusion, the other Crimson Demon said.
“Oh, that’s good. We had a really long argument over what we would do if Megumin learnt some other spells.”
“Oh, so you called a meeting over my Explosion magic? Well, of course you would. Learning any other magic would be a waste of skill points, after all.”
“No, we were discussing your new nickname. The title of the Crimson Demon’s number one mage would become the one who calls down roaring thunder, I mean, Yunyun’s title, right? That’s why Megumin’s new title should be the number one joke mage of the Crimson Demons-”
Megumin pounced on him without a word.
“Hey, calm down, Megumin! Your opponent is an Archwizard! They have really low constitution, so don’t strangle them!”
“I too am an Archwizard, and a girl on top of that! I’ll show you the power of the joke mage!”
A flurry of voices shot out as Megumin started rampaging.
“Ten thousand eris on the joke mage!”
“Thirty thousand on the worst mage!”
“Fifty thousand eris on the Explosion mage!”
“Hey, I don’t mind you guys betting on me, but stop calling me by those weird names! Though, Explosion mage sounds cool, so I’ll let that slide… Oh, fine, I’ll take all of you on!”
“I don’t care what you do, just take it outside!”
After getting thrown out of the restaurant, we decided to head back to Megumin’s house for lunch.
“Are the two of you alright? Seriously, picking a fight with Crimson Demons… There’s a limit as to how reckless you can get.”
“You were the one who charged at them in the first place. Is that really something you should be saying? Anyway, it’s fine, isn’t it? Having scrapes like this from time to time really makes me feel like an adventurer.”
Megumin ended up attacking all those people who were jeering at her, and after seeing the numerical disadvantage that Megumin had, Darkness and I entered the fray on her side.
“Yes, as a knight, I couldn’t stand idly by as my companion is being called worst mage and joke mage. Plus, it was a pretty good match. I enjoyed myself quite a bit!”
“The guy who was facing you ended up begging you to let him off with tears in his eyes, you know? You really should stop getting others to satisfy your masochistic urges.”
Megumin let out a small giggle.
“To us Crimson Demons, calling you the worst is somewhat of a compliment. It’s an ancient saying that anyone who is referred to as the worst would end up awakening to new powers.”
“That’s pretty cliche development, but… I really don’t get the sensibilities of you Crimson Demons.”
As we were making our way back to Megumin’s house, a familiar looking girl called out to us.
“Oh, Megumin? It’s been some time!”
“Hey, Arue. It’s really rare to find you outside considering how often you hole yourself up in your home. Are you still a NEET aiming to be an author?”
The person who called out to us was a fairly well developed young lady wearing an eyepatch.
“I-I’m not a NEET! I’m a proper author! I’m writing for the Crimson Demon newspaper, and I even released a book recently! I’m earning money, so I’m not a NEET!”
“I-I get it, so stop pulling on my eyepatch! It’s something you gave to me! Plus it hurts!”
This troublesome Arue girl pulled upon Megumin’s eyepatch as a form of protest.
I think I recall being thrown for a loop in the past thanks to her actions…
Oh yeah, Yunyun’s letter!
“Hey, Megumin, she’s the strange girl who mailed that scribbled story to Yunyun and caused us all kinds of problems, right!? I haven’t forgotten that!”
“Ah, you’re the outsider who tore up my manuscripts! I didn’t forget that either!”
Arue angrily said, her eye glowing bright red.
“What’s the difference between an author and a NEET anyway?”
“I’m a Crimson Demon! If you make me angry, I’ll blow you away with Advanced Magic!”
“You two shouldn’t have had much contact with each other, so why are you two fighting from the moment you meet!? Calm down!”
Megumin stepped in and prevented Arue from grabbing me.
“You must be one of Megumin’s classmates. I’m Darkness, of the same party as Megumin. I’ll only be in the village for a short time, but please take care of me.”
Saying that, Darkness extended her hand with a smile.
“My name is Arue, the number one author of the Crimson Demons. I’m relieved that onee-san seems to be a sensible person. Nice to make your acquaintance.”
Arue returned with a smile of her own, in complete contrast to the attitude she showed me.
“Hey, why is there such a big difference in the treatment we are getting? And you sure are introducing yourself in a really grandiose way! Why don’t you tell me exactly how many authors there are amongst the Crimson Demons before calling yourself the number one?”
“Isn’t it obvious to proceed in a friendly manner with one of Megumin’s companions? I would’ve treated you the same way if you hadn’t hurt me before. As for the number of authors amongst the Crimson Demons, I have no comment.”
Arue said in a nonchalant manner.
“Oh yeah, come to think of it, I haven’t heard any of the Crimson Demon’s flashy introductions since I came here.”
“You know you only introduce yourself when you meet someone for the first time, right? By the way, I’m not doing that to you. You don’t seem like a good person.”
This girl has quite the tongue on her.
“I’ve heard that Megumin made a boyfriend, but don’t tell me this is the guy in question? Don’t think too badly of me for saying this, but it’s still not too late to go back to the Yunyun route.”
“Is that a declaration of war, you one eyed woman? You said you just released a book, right? If I find any of your books in a bookstore, I’m going to put them beneath other author’s books.”
Arue’s eyebrows twitched after hearing my words.
“Megumin, this man is no good! I’ll get rid of him right this instant!”
“Oh, you want to go? My Steal is pretty unique, you know? Don’t think that your eyepatch or panties will be safe!”
“If you two insist on fighting, then I’ll be your opponent! Don’t think that a high level Archwizard will have any trouble taking on a pair of NEETs!”
“I-I’m not a NEET!” x2
That night.
“Waaaaaah! Bwaaaaah! Waaaaaah!”
Aqua came back to Megumin’s home in tears.
“What happened? Striking a few embarrassing poses shouldn’t be that traumatic after all the embarrassing stuff you did. Just what exactly did they make you do?”
I asked Aqua as she wailed on all fours.
… Looking closely, Aqua seems to be covered in mud.
“Uuu…uuu… Today’s trial was… ‘What a Crimson Demon needs above all is luck. You two can attempt this challenge as many times as you want until you pick the right door’, they said, before shoving us towards a series of doors…”
M-My condolences…
Could that be that event that often appears in Japanese game shows, the one where you get dropped into a pool of mud if you pick the wrong door?
Of all things, it had to be a trial that relies on luck. It’s pretty much the absolute worst fit for Aqua.
“Still, you managed to pass the trial, right? Good work, go ahead and take a bath. In the meantime, I’ll whip up some high quality snacks for you with my cooking skill.”
“… Shiokara would be nice…”
After requesting a surprisingly commoner-sounding dish, we sent Aqua off to the bath.
“Megumin’s mother, um… t-tonight…”
Darkness hesitantly started while sneaking glances at me.
“Don’t be so distant, just call me Yuiyui.. Anyway, what about tonight? Darkness-san seems to be in heat tonight.”
“In heat!? No, I mean, could you not have Megumin and Kazuma sleep in the same room tonight…”
Darkness seems strangely conscious about that today. Is it because of this afternoon’s date?
“Why should they not? Do you want to have a secret rendezvous or something?”
“Secret rendezvous!? No, of course not! It’s just, a lot of things happened today, so thinking that they’ll share a room on this day gives me a sense of alienation…”
Saying that, Darkness glanced at me as if she was signalling me to back her up…
Megumin tilted her head.
“Did something happen today?”
“Not at all. Darkness just got carried away on her own.”
“Whaー!? Hey, Kazuma, after going on that date, that’s a little-”
The moment Darkness turned around, Yuiyui started chanting magic behind her back-
“-Yahoo! It’s a fourteen year old girl’s bed!”
“You little- Why must you bring focus to that of all things?”
After dragging away the soundly sleeping Darkness and whipping up the snacks, Megumin and I retired early.
“It’s a 14 year old’s bed, you know? A 14 year old, not a 15 year old’s. It’s a very precious thing, so I thought I should say it out loud.”
“I really don’t get what the big difference is. Girls’ beds are all pretty much the same…”
I threw myself onto the bed the moment I entered the room and rolled up and down it.
“Well, if I were to start going into the specifics, we’d be talking until dawn, so let’s leave that to another day.”
“I’ve always had this impression, but you’re not a lolicon, right? You didn’t fall for me because I’m small, right?”
Megumin coldly stared down at me.
“How rude, I properly like huge breasts. Ones like what Darkness has are my ideal body type.”
“I didn’t ask the specifics of your ideal, but as long as you aren’t a lolicon… You seemed really happy to have Komekko and Iris look up to you, so I was a little worried…”
That’s because I like little sister characters. It’s not because I like little girls.
“Well, I feel like a war will erupt if I go into the specifics of that, so let’s leave it to another day.”
“I-Is that so… Well, I didn’t really care that much. Anyway, there’s not much else to talk about, so let’s hurry up and turn in.”
Saying that, Megumin slipped onto the corner of the bed, leaving a fair distance between us.
… …
“Say, why are you sleeping so far away from me? We’re already at the stage where we use arms and chest as pillows and the like, so is there really a need to hold back like this?”
“Of course there is, if I get close to you, you’ll end up having to bear with it, won’t you? I’m doing this so I won’t raise your hopes unnecessarily.”
Well…
“My hopes were already raised from the moment we ended up in the same bed, so it’s a little too late for that.”
“Do men really think about nothing but that!? Something will end up interrupting anyway, so nothing will happen!”
Is she talking about the curse I brought up?
I got Aqua to cast Break Spell upon me repeatedly the other day despite her saying that she can’t detect any such curses hanging over me.
If nothing’s changed even after that, then…
“There is the possibility that the person who cursed me is the Demon King that even Aqua has trouble dealing with…”
“How frivolous could the Demon King be? Don’t you feel sorry to pile even more slanderous rumours upon the Demon King?
Megumin might say that, but if the Demon King really put such a curse upon me, I would’ve had no qualms about setting off right now to vanquish him.
Just then, just as I was thinking about that.
I felt something soft grab onto my right hand.
It seems like Megumin grabbed onto my hand under the blankets.
“Just holding hands is fine, right? You won’t start feeling pent up like this.”
Megumin shyly smiled at me.
She’s probably doing this as recompense after what I said about the distance between us, but…
“Of course I will, what are you talking about?”
“Even this!? Er, well, my heart’s starting to beat really fast too, but if you have to say, shouldn’t this be more comforting?”
She doesn’t get it. She doesn’t get it at all.
“Since you’re so afraid of loneliness, we can hold hands while we sleep tonight, but you really should pay more attention to yourself. Don’t do this with anyone else. They’ll definitely get the wrong idea and eat you up.”
“There’s no way I’ll end up in this situation with anyone else! Why are you using that ‘Ahh, it’s a good thing I’m such a gentleman’ tone of voice!?”
Saying that, Megumin tightened her grip…
“Ouch, that hurts! Your level is a lot higher than mine, so be careful! You might end up crushing my hand if you use too much force!”
“There’s no way my strength would be that monstrous! Actually, you should really raise your levels. I’ll go with you on as many monster extermination quests as you want.”
Raising my levels, huh…
“Even if you say that, do you understand the pain of not seeing your status rise even though you leveled up? Recently, apart from my luck, my stats barely rise at all. Having more skill points is nice and all, but as a NEET, there aren’t that many skills that are beneficial to my lifestyle. I’m having trouble finding the motivation to level up…”
“You’re reaching your stat cap, huh… Hmm, well, there are several expensive potions that can permanently raise your stats. We can defeat monsters and use the money we earn to buy those potions and get stronger that way…”
“Rather than using such potions on me, wouldn’t it be better to use it on people who are already talented in the first place? It’s not like these potions grow on trees, right?”
Megumin fell silent for a moment.
“… Then, we can at least do something about your equipment…”
“My strength isn’t very high, so there aren’t that many items that I can properly use.”
While still holding onto my hand, her hand started moving in a pseudo-petting motion, as if she was trying to comfort me.
“…You’re pitying me, aren’t you?”
“N-No, if there’s anything I can do, feel free to tell me. That includes when someone bullies you. Anytime I run into an adventurer who calls you weak, I’ll make sure to pick a fight with them and respond with, ‘Seems like you are the weak one,’ when I beat them…”
“Stop doing that! So that’s why adventurers I never met before were calling me Weaklingma-san who needs a girl to protect him!”
That’s just like her, but I’d really wish she’d spare a thought for my feelings before doing those sort of thing.
“But you and Darkness got angry when I was being made fun of today, didn’t you? So why can’t I get angry when you are being made fun of?”
Megumin said with a smile.
It’s almost like she was teasing me.
… This just happened not too long ago, so I can’t really say anything…
“I was really happy when you two got involved in the fight, you know? The way things were going, I would’ve lost due to being outnumbered. Well, if I did lose, I would’ve sent my thanks each night to the houses of those who teased me that day…”
I’m really glad I intervened when I did.
“Anyway, who’s going to be Yunyun’s partner for tomorrow’s trial? The first two trials were just them playing around, but the last trial is going to be pretty tough. The most important trait that we Crimson Demons as modified humans need is the ability to survive in any battlefield. The last trial would be to survive a night in the forests where the strong monsters make their nest.”
And suddenly they brought out a trial that actually felt like one instead of being some kind of prank.
“… They sure became serious all of a sudden. Darkness can withstand a lot of attacks, but she can’t land her blows, and it’d be really bad if Yunyun ran out of mana. And Aqua would probably just attract a horde of undead if she were to spend a night in the forest…”
“Before you say it, I can’t let you, with your black hair and eyes, compete while the ninnin is still wandering around out there.”
“… Should we search for a Crimson Demon to be Yunyun’s partner tomorrow?”
“Don’t do that. Walking around and asking if anyone would be Yunyun’s friend would be like some sort of punishment. She’ll probably cry.”
At the end of the day, it’d really be best for me to go out there. It’s not like we have any other alternatives.
With judicious use of Enemy Detection and Lurk, spending a night in the woods is entirely possible.
And it seems like Megumin figured out what I was thinking.
“You can’t, okay? The one out for you is the Bomber Majin. Aqua can’t resurrect you if you get blasted to ashes by a Detonate.”
“Even if you say that, we don’t have anyone else to partner with Yunyun. You’re also keeping quiet about the Bomber Majin so that Yunyun’s chieftain’s trial won’t be disrupted, right?”
Yeah, she’s spending every day in the cells for the sake of her friend.
“… That’s not true at all. Didn’t I tell you before? By keeping quiet about ninnin, I can take him down before anyone else and steal the position of Chief that way.”
“Oh, that’s a tsundere alright.”
Just then.
Megumin raised her head from under the blanket.
“… It’s true that Yunyun is a very important friend. From a purely pragmatic standpoint, rather than me who doesn’t want to get too far away from Axel, or the others who aren’t that into it, Yunyun is best suited to be the chief. But…”
With her bright red eyes staring straight at me, she said,
“Whenever I see you risking your life for someone else, I feel really jealous for some reason.”
…
… …
… … … …
“Say something! Keeping silent just makes me feel embarrassed!”
“I’m the one who’s embarrassed! What are you saying!? My face is getting hot enough to cook eggs, so can you please cut it out!?”
The two of us let go of each other’s hands as we hastily turned away from each other.
“Anyway, don’t participate in tomorrow’s trial, okay!?”
“Yeah, yeah, I get it! There’s no way I can participate after you gave me such a passionate appeal. We’ll think of some other way.”
“Passionate appeal!? Er, I can’t deny that it isn’t passionate, but… Ah, nevermind, we have to get up early tomorrow, so let’s hurry up and sleep already.”
Perhaps to hide her embarrassment, Megumin ducked beneath the blankets..
As for me…
“Hey, weren’t we going to sleep while holding hands tonight?  I want to sleep while holding onto a 14 year old girl’s hand all night.”
“You’re really great at ruining the mood!”
Early next morning,
The Megumin who thought so much about her friend and tribe yesterday is currently…
“You foolish Crimson Demons! I’ll lay waste to this entire village!”
Scuffling with the Defense Corps.
“I told you when we let you out of the cells yesterday! If you cause another scene with your Explosion, you’ll be tossed into the cells until the chieftain’s trial is over! So behave yourself! Gurk, I’m pretty high level too! Even if you strangle me like that…”
“She’s starting to chant! Cover her mouth! Don’t let her chant!”
“Watch out, she’s really strong! Think of her as a rabid beast!”
“Ahhh! Bukkoroli! Hey, get Megumin’s hands off him! Bukkoroli is foaming from the mouth!”
The members of the Defence Corps were pushed to the limit trying to restrain the high leveled Megumin.
I’ve thought this about Darkness too, but I can’t shake the feeling that this party would do better if they just fought with their fists.
“Yunyun! Go ahead and attempt your final trial or whatever while I’m in jail! But don’t think you’ve won yet! If you still aren’t chief by the time I get out, I’ll take over that position!”
“Megumin, please let go of Bukkoroli! Otherwise we’ll need to use Resurrection!”
As I was watching Megumin getting dragged away, I turned to the dumbfounded Yunyun…
“Anyway, about Yunyun’s final trial…”
“I’m definitely not participating.”
Aqua instantly rejected.
“I-I… Erm… Well…”
Darkness mumbled, but it’s clear she isn’t keen on being her partner either.
“Why are the three of you so calm? Megumin is getting dragged away again, you know!?”
Yunyun seems like she wants to say something, but we are already used to it.
More important is the fact that the other two declined to participate.
Well, it’s not that much of a surprise, I suppose. Not only is it the infamous Crimson Demon trials, but this is also the toughest one out of all of them.
“… I was Yunyun’s partner during the first trial, and Aqua was her partner during her second trial, so wouldn’t it be fitting for our leader Kazuma to be her partner for the third trial?”
“Darkness is saying something great for once. Yeah, let’s leave it to Kazuma who hasn’t done anything up till now.”
Aqua swiftly agreed to Darkness’s proposal, but,
“Unfortunately, I can’t participate. Moguninnin is around, after all.”
“Seriously, what is a Moguninnin?”
Go ask the Crimson Demons who named him, not me.
“Well, personally, I really want to take the trial, but after everything Megumin said to me, it’d be a jerk move to ignore her and participate anyway. Though, I do think it’d definitely go smoothly if I joined up…”
“Aaa… But I have no one else to ask other than Kazuma-san…”
Yunyun seemed on the verge of tears as she said that.
“Well, I do know of one guy who’ll definitely let you clear that trial.”
“This is the divine relic Aigis.”
<“Just like what he said, my name is Aigis. My hobby is rating girls and my special skill is enraging others. Nice to meet you.”>
“Er… H-Hello.”
I introduced Yunyun to the dancing and singing divine relic, Aigis.
“D-Divine relic… Hey, Kazuma, what are you saying? This set of armour is a divine relic?”
Darkness looks bewildered upon seeing the armour spew out a constant stream of words in front of her.
<“Hmm? This blonde lady seems familiar… Oh, I know, it’s that girl with that erotic body who appeared in the beauty contest! Yo, ojou-san, I’m Aigis. You’re wearing some pretty good armour. Wanna polish them together someday?”>
“What’s with this vulgar suit of armour? Kazuma, is this thing really a divine relic?”
“Don’t ask me, ask Aqua. And he himself says he’s a divine relic.”
“Hey, Kazuma, I don’t know anything about this. Don’t just push everything to me.”
Aqua replied in a slightly vexed manner after I directed the conversation towards her.
<“Hmm? I think I’ve seen you somewhere before. Strange. Even though she’s a beauty, I don’t have any reaction towards her at all. Say, onee-chan? Are you human? Or perhaps you are a man? You’re not packing anything down there, are you?”>
I really wanted to tell them that they should know each other very well.
After triggering Aigis’s weirdo sensor, Aqua started kicking at the suit of armour.
Yunyun tilted her head and asked.
“Can I really pass the trial for sure if I teamed up with him?”
“Skills and magic doesn’t work on him, and on top of that, his entire body is made out of orichalcum. The final trial is to spend a night in the forest, right? He is tougher than Darkness and constantly boasts about having an impenetrable defence, so I think you’ll be fine with him.”
Aigis is an autonomous artifact. He can stay up all night and would be able to protect her even if they were ambushed.
<“What did you want me to do? Sorry, but I have an appointment to be the figurehead of the mixed hot springs tonight. I need to protect those naked and defenceless onee-chans from the shadows.”>
“Just so you know, the mixed hot springs are neither mixed nor hot springs.”
<“Are you kidding me?”>
Just then, Darkness gently tugged upon my sleeve.
“Kazuma, will he really be of use? Sure, he looks tough, but I can’t help but worry about leaving him and Yunyun alone together.”
<“Oh, I can’t let that slide. Do you doubt my abilities? In that case, why don’t you try me on yourself? Nothing beats the hands on experience. You won’t want to wear anything else after trying me on.”>
Aigis defiantly declared. Seems like armours have their own sense of pride too.
“Grr… Fine, if you’re going to go that far, I’ll try you on. I’m fairly experienced when it comes to armours too.”
<“That’s more like it. But don’t come crying to me afterwards. My internal structure changes to fit its wearer, creating a perfect fit to ensure maximum performance at all times.”>
This conversation is starting to seem like some sort of contest.
“In other words, it’d be just like an order made suit of armour!? Now you’ve got my expectations up. Don’t disappoint me now.”
<“Now then, to start with, you need to strip. It might be a little embarrassing,  but your underwear needs to go too. It’s necessary in order to ensure maximum performance.”>
… …
“I-Is that so… W-Well, it’s just a piece of armour. It’d be stranger to be concerned about it… Let’s just go over there…”
“You didn’t have any issues back when you made Eris-sama wear you, did you?”
<“Don’t say that now! This girl was this close to falling for it!”>
“I-I’ll break you to pieces!”
An indignant Darkness joined Aqua in whaling on Aigis.
Just then.
“U-Um, Aigis-san, I have a request!”
<“What is it, big breasted onee-chan? Go ahead and say it.”>
Yunyun, even though she’s blushing from the sexual harassment, stood in front of Aigis with a serious expression.
“W-Would you be my partner for today’s trial!?”
<“Is that like inviting me on a date? As you can see, I’m a little preoccupied right now. Do you mind stopping this muscle headed girl?”>
“Yunyun, this guy is no good! Let’s think of another method! For example, it’s a little unfair, but how about having Aqua, Kazuma, and me take it in turns to help you…”
Aqua whispered into my ears after hearing Darkness’s words.
“Hey, Kazuma, you should be a little more prudent. Look, the pure and upright noble lady is now saying saying such things.”
“It’s not my fault, she recently even started to learn how to abuse her power. I’m sure her true nature as a noble has awakened.”
“Oh, shut up! In the first place, we already changed partners between trials. Was it ever written down that you can’t change partners within a trial? If there isn’t…”
Aqua once again whispered to me.
“Look, Kazuma, Darkness is even saying the same type of sophism that you come up with.”
“Don’t just blame everything on me. I’m not this devious.”
Darkness glared at us with tears in her eyes.
“… No, I want to have a proper trial. Then, this time, Megumin will…”
The final trial is to survive spending a night in the forest where strong monsters make their nest.
<“Oh, the brilliant me had a great idea. Ojou-chan, register this place as a teleport destination and let’s spend the night at some other town. We’ll teleport back here at dawn. The forest is really scary at night… Actually, you could just scream and cry and have the judges let you off!”>
“Kazuma-san suggested the same thing when he heard about what this trial would be. But I won’t cheat. I want to become the chief with my own strength…”
<“It’s honestly kind of shocking that Kazuma had the same idea.”>
ーBecoming the chief of the Crimson Demons.
For me who never had many ambitions or dreams, that was my only goal.
On the day my magic power and intelligence were measured, they praised me and said that I really was the chief’s daughter.
That made me really happy.
From that point on, aiming to become the chief just felt natural to me.
<“Say, Ojou-chan, why are pretty girls so soft? Why do they smell so nice? I think I should study that and write a paper on that subject. I’m sure it’ll be an asset to this world.”>
“I think it’s fine to do whatever you like, but why did you bring it up all of a sudden?”
I was walking towards the depths of the forest together with Aigis-san.
<“Nah, it’s fine if you don’t get it. Say, ojou-chan, do the people around you ever call you dense and a poor judge of character?”>
“I don’t think so…”
Well, not exactly…
<“For armour type divine relics like me, it’d be better for there to be someone inside me, don’t you think? Like, you pry open this armour and a pretty girl is inside! I think the customers would be very happy to chance upon such a gap.”>
“I don’t really get what you mean by customers, but is that the case?”
To guard against sudden attacks from monsters, I’m currently within Aigis-san.
“Aigis-san, is it really fine for you to be fooling around out here? Aren’t divine relics created by the gods to fight against the Demon King?”
<“Hmm? But that’s boring. I mean, sure, if a pretty onee-chan is about to be subjected to the Demon King’s perverted tastes, I’ll go save her, but there isn’t any hint of that. Not to mention that the Demon King Army’s demon girls and monster musumes are pretty appealing. I’m having trouble deciding which side I’d rather be on.”>
The gods created Aigis-san for a very important purpose.
But Aigis-san seems to be quite self-centered…
“I’ve heard that the Demon King Army’s ultimate goal is the eradication of humanity. Wouldn’t the pretty ladies be wiped out too?”
<“Well, yeah, that’d be a problem~. In that case, I’ll get as many of the pretty girls I can find and have them stay by my side so I can protect them. That way Eris-sama wouldn’t be angry too. Sadly, my new master is just too hard headed to get along with.”>
Divine relics are supposed to be created with a grand purpose in mind, but he seems quite free-spirited…
<“Anyway, that’s enough about that, what do you plan to do after becoming chief? How about making a law to have the robes of the Crimson Demons extend for no more than five millimeters from the waist?”>
“I won’t do that! I’ll be kicked out from the first day!”
What I plan to do after becoming chief.
First off, gather up monsters with high intelligence, tame them and make them my friends…
<“Well, if you want to be chief that badly, I’m sure you have a dream that can’t be accomplished without becoming chief. How about letting me in on it? Do the Crimson Demons have some great secret?”>
….
“I don’t have any such dreams that requires me to become chief to accomplish. And, even stuff I want to do…”
<“Eh? You’re kidding! Then there’s no need for us to try this hard, is there? Why don’t we live a little more enjoyable life? How about coming with me on my journey to befriend beautiful women all over the world?”>
“That sounds nice! Ah, I don’t really care about the beautiful women part, but travelling around the world and befriending a lot of people…”
No, that’s not right.
I’m the one who will become the chief of the Crimson Demons.
That’s been my goal ever since I was young…
<“To be honest, I didn’t expect them to accept me as a partner. You Crimson Demons really are a free-spirited bunch, aren’t ya? I was really surprised when a bunch of them froze the lake just so they could go fishing for wakasagi in this season. Aren’t there more worthwhile ways to use your powers?”>
I really didn’t want to hear this from Aigis-san, but yes, Crimson Demons are, as a general rule, a free-spirited bunch.
In the past, I had a close friend who was called the number one genius of the Crimson Demons whom everyone had great hopes for.
That stupid close friend who ignored everyone’s hopes and expectations, pursued her own dreams, and ended up getting referred to as the idiotic worst mage.
Even so, she has loads of fun every day, made plenty of companions and friends and even found a man she loves, an extremely stupid and important-
<“Oh boy, monster right ahead! Ojou-chan, go ahead and let loose with your magic! Don’t worry about running out of mana, I, Aigis-san, shall protect you…”>
“Leave it to me! I’m the one who will become the Chief of the Crimson Demons! Combat is my greatest talent!”
I wonder what would’ve happened if Megumin had seriously set her sights on becoming chief.
If someone else had set their sights on becoming chief. If someone else had asked me to let them have that position…
<“That’s the way, Ojou-chan! I really love girls like you! The first enemy is a One-strike bear. I really hate them. Their attacks really hurt.”>
“I’ll do my best not to leave even a scratch on your armour! Leave the offense to me!”
<“Ooh! How reliable! This is the first time I’ve had a spellcaster inside me, but could it be that we have amazing compatibility? Say, Ojou-chan… No, my friend Yunyun, after this battle is over-“>
Aigis-san is saying something, but before that-
“INFERNO!!”
Sticking out one hand, I unleashed my magic on the One-strike Bear in front of me-
“… I can’t use magic or skills when I’m wearing you, Aigis-san…”
<“Yeah. To a spellcaster, I’m a surprisingly worthless piece of junk.”>
“A-Anyway, what were you saying just now? I recall you saying something about amazing compatibility and being my friend!”
<“Ah, sorry, that was nothing. Anyway, do something about Kuma-chan here.”>
“No, you definitely said something! I definitely heard you call me your friend! There’s no way I could’ve misheard that!”
<“What’s with this girl!? Did I step on a landmine? Anyway, do something about this bear! Even if you can’t use magic, you’re still a high level Archwizard, right!? My defence is stupidly high, so please do something!”>
Right, now’s not the time to be talking about unnecessary stuff. I need to focus on taking down the enemy right in front of me…
“Oh, yeah, that’s why I have my dagger… Ah, but that’s an important memento from my first shopping trip with a friend…”
<“Are you okay!? Is this girl right in the head!? Hey, once we’re done here, can you get out of me for a moment? Let’s start things over from the beginning!”>
ーOnce this trial is over, this time, I’ll be able to tell my rival that it’s my victory this time.
And, together with that, I’ll tell her what I’ve never been able to…
“My name is Yunyun, an Archwizard who wields Advanced Magic…”
I was able to come this far because I had a friend like you.
My shallow ambition only became important to me because of you…
It’s only because a far stronger person than me is so doggedly pursuing her dreams despite the mockery of everyone.
Thank you for being my rivalー!
“The strongest spellcaster amongst the Crimson Demons, and the one who will eventually become chief!”
<“It’s ringing inside me! It’s really ringing! Hey, hurry up and get out of me, Ojou-chan! Otherwise I’ll get shaken to pieces!”>
Yunyun came back, extremely fatigued, at the crack of dawn.
The sounds of magic that rang throughout the night narrated the severity of trial.
Apparently, whenever Yunyun would run out of mana, she would take a break inside Aigis to recover before continuing to fight.
Normally, for the final trial, two Crimson Demons will take turns sleeping and use their high mana and offensive capability to push through as a way of compensating for the difficulty of this trial.
Additionally, Yunyun could also use intermediate magic.
She could use spells with lower mana costs to deal with weaker enemies. This trial is truly one where her abilities shine to the fullest.
While Aigis was also with her, he didn’t have much offensive power, so Yunyun might as well have overcome the trial on her own.
At the sight of her-
“Chief! Chief!”
“I always knew that Roaring Thunder Yunyun would make it someday!”
“Hey Yunyun, we’re friends aren’t we? Let’s go hunting in the forest next time!”
“This is a joyous occasion! Tonight is the birth of the strongest chief!”
On the evening of the day the next Crimson Demon Chief was decided.
Yunyun slept like a log after the ordeals of the trial. By the time she woke up, the entire village was having a festival in the middle of the village square.
“Ahahahahahaha! Hey Kazuma, look at this! Megumin is multiplying!”
The already wasted Aqua pointed at Megumin and laughed.
“I am not multiplying! Aqua, you drank too much! Darkness, please stop her…”
The only one not drinking, Megumin, looked to Darkness for help—
“The Dustiness House will not give in! I have resistance to poison as well. There’s no reason to decline such a challenge!”
“That’s the spirit! Now, now, drink with me, Darkness-san! If I lose, I won’t meddle any further with my daughter’s and Kazuma’s relationship!”
The person in question has a bright red face and is currently being offered alcohol by Yuiyui.
It seems like she’s already drunk quite a bit. It’s not anywhere near Aqua’s level, but she’s staggering a little.
This is the last night Megumin and I will be spending here.
It seems like Yuiyui is trying to get Darkness dead drunk so that she couldn’t get in our way when we cross the line.
“Why don’t you drink as well? Even Darkness who usually stops you is already drunk.”
“Ugh… I’d very much like to do that, but…”
Megumin’s being surprisingly restrained today.
She is always clamouring to be treated like an adult and be allowed to drink alcohol, and Darkness would always stop her citing her small body size, but today…
Just then.
source @CGtranslations.me
“So this is where you were, Megumin! We finally caught you!
Funifura and Dodonko, who approached without us noticing, collapsed onto Megumin.
“Wh-what are you doing? Are you two drunk!? After taking out all those powerful targets, my level is far higher than the both of you! If you don’t mind getting thrown around, then feel free to come at me!”
“Come talk with us for a bit! It’s about time you come clean with how far you’ve gone with that guy!”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re always so arrogant! We’ve never seen you act like a maiden at all! How did you, the one with the least sex appeal out of all of us, end up like this!?”
It seems these two are curious about our relationship.
“I wouldn’t mind talking about such things when you’re sober, but this isn’t something that makes good conversation while drinking! Come on, Nerimaki and Arue are over there, go play with them instead!
“You’re so cold! You hardly ever come back to the village, so hang out with us a little while you’re here!
“Yeah, yeah! And could you introduce us to some male friends of yours too!? It’d be too cruel to ask Yunyun to introduce us to her friends!”
“You guys are some really troublesome drunks! Don’t let Yunyun hear you, she’ll cry!”
While Megumin was being tied up by those two girls, there was a girl who was being fawned over much more than her over at the center of the square.
“—Chief! Chief!”
“Chief! Chief!”
“W-Wait! I’m only the next in line. You’ll make my father sad!”
Yunyun blushed from the praise being showered onto her by the crowd of Crimson Demons.
Despite the blush, there’s no mistaking her joy.
And next to her was…
<“How do you do! I’m the one that became one with your next chief in line, Aigis!”>
The divine relic that loves sexual harassment was striking a pose as if he was the protagonist.
“Aigis-san! Please don’t put it like that! I just went inside of you!”
<“That’s right, you just went inside me and exerted yourself, right!”>
Aigis’s misleading words stirred up the current chief, who is also Yunyun’s father.
“Wh-What is the meaning of this? I don’t remember raising a daughter who would let inanimate objects do as they please with her body!”
“Father what are you saying!? Aigis-san too, please don’t put it in such a weird way..!”
Yunyun hastily tried to stop them, but Aigis continued to tease the chief.
<“Your daughter smelled really good, it was just the best! Also, her body temperature was high, so it was really warm.”>
“Lightning Strike!”
The chief lost it and let loose a spell.
However, the lightning that suddenly descended only grazed the surface of Aigis.
<“I’m resistant to magic you know. But I understand your grief, father! Don’t hold back and hit me as much as you’d like!”>
“D-D-D-Don’t call me fatherrrrrrr!”
The agitated chief went to hit his opponent, but of course, Aigis is a suit of armour.
“Gurk, m-my hand…!”
The chief grabbed his hand as he crouched down.
<“Are you alright father? I’m sorry, but I’m made of orihalcum. Also, your daughter was very soft!”>
“Raaaaargh!”
“Aigis-san, please stop teasing my father!”
As I watched the figures of Yunyun and the chief being led around by the troublemaking armor, Funifura, who was pestering Megumin, spoke up.
“Hey, Dodonko, Yunyun and that armoured man are getting on really well!”
“You’re kidding me! Not only Megumin, but her too!?
Before I could tell them that the inside of that armour was empty, they both rushed to Yunyun’s side.
“Hey, what’s the meaning of this! You look so innocent, but you’re actually doing stuff like this behind our backs!?”
“You keep talking about making friends this and making friends that, but you seem to have no problem making boyfriends! Hey, Yunyun, we’re friends, right!? Please, introduce me to a cool onii-san!”
<“Now, now, ladies, don’t quarrel over little old me.”>
“I have no idea what the two of you are saying! Please calm down! Also Aigis-san, stop butting in!”
Despite being teased by a lot of people, Yunyun had a certain cheer in her voice and seemed to be enjoying the situation.
“Hey now Aqua, Darkness, you’ll catch a cold if you sleep here… You too mother, please wake up. If you’re going to sleep, please do it at home.”
I wonder if it’s her position as an older sister that made her good at looking after others or if it was something innate to her personality. Megumin was trying to awaken the people who passed out drunk.
“Komekko, are you sleepy because you stuffed yourself? I’m sorry, but please help me carry your mother home.”
“That’s a pain, just leave her here and go home. I’ll ask father to come here later…”
“Komekko, no matter how much of a pain they are, you shouldn’t just leave your parents alone!”
Standing close to the bonfire in the middle of the square, the now plump Komekko curled up into a ball and fell asleep.
Sighing at the sight of her little sister, Megumin started putting blankets on the drunks, seemingly having given up on the idea of taking them home.
Eventually, everyone was wrapped in their own blanket.
Megumin looked upon them with a wry smile, before her gaze slowly shifted over to where the Crimson Demons and Aigis were still messing around with Yunyun.
I moved closer to Megumin.
“Are you sure you don’t want to join them?”
“If I go there now, I’m sure I will be compared to Yunyun. I’m already being known as the joke mage, so I’m not going to go out there just to be made fun of.  Besides, that loner of a girl being surrounded by everyone like that is a pretty unusual event for her. It seems all the hard work she put in really paid off.”
Megumin talked as if it was completely unrelated to her, while happily looking at Yunyun.
“So she finally surpassed me.”
Her tone was cheerful, but she seemed a little lonely as she said that…
“… So, is your rivalry finally settled with this?”
“Of course not, our gap as rivals just got larger, is all. Someday, I’ll achieve something that’ll make all the Crimson Demons envious. Say… taking down the Demon King with my party, for example?”
“I definitely won’t go with you on that one, ok? No matter how much you cry or scream or tantrum, I’m definitely not doing that.”
As I firmly decided this, she looked my way and said:
“Then how about this, if we defeat the Demon King, I’ll do anything you want.”
……
“Did you just say anything…”
“I said it, didn’t I? Anything means anything.”
Why is this girl always throwing me curveballs? Why won’t she just give it to me straight?
”But Megumin is unexpectedly a pretty easily tricked girl, so I get the feeling that you’ll still let me do a lot of things even if we don’t defeat the Demon King.”
“Please don’t call me easily tricked, I’m pretty conscious about that. I used to be a much sharper girl in the past, so how did things turn out like this…”
Despite being the one who suggested that, Megumin blushed all the way to her ears.
“Say, Megumin, you still haven’t done your daily routine today, right?”
“Yeah. I was going to fire it off in the sky during the climax of the celebration, to give all those drunks a surprise…”
This girl thought of a pretty troublesome prank.
“It’s a rare celebration for Yunyun, so why don’t you just let it slide tonight?”
“It’s precisely because it’s my rival’s celebration….”
Yunyun’ll probably cry if her celebration got cancelled because of that.
Eventually, Megumin muttered “Oh fine,” and shrugged her shoulders.
And as she once again looked towards her rival from a distance, I said.
“Say, how about we sneak out of here together?”
“…Do you want to do perverted things that badly? Really, this guy…”
“T-That’s not it!”
Dammit, is this because of my usual behaviour?
I’m a little angry at that small part of me that thought that it’d be fine if it ended up that way too.
“Then what do you plan on doing after we sneak out? If we go missing under such circumstances, we’ll definitely be teased about it tomorrow…”
Megumin looks a bit troubled.
However, at the same time, she was sporting a slight smile.
It doesn’t seem like she’s entirely against it.
… Taking down a Demon King is impossible but…
I think I could at least shorten the gap between these two rivals.
“…?”
Megumin tilted her head at my silence.
“Let’s go do your daily routine right now!”
I said with a smile.
The area around the Crimson Demon village is inhabited by strong monsters.
On top of that, nocturnal monsters are supposed to be stronger in general.
If you have to ask why I am remembering such things now—
“Hahahahahahaha! Look Megumin, the One-Strike bear is multiplying!”
“It’s not multiplying! Kazuma, how much did you drink just now!?”
In the forest close to the village, Megumin and I were being chased by a monster.
“I did drink a little, but I’m not drunk, so it’s fine!”
“It doesn’t look the least bit fine at all! If it was the usual you, you would surely be screaming at the sight of the One-Strike bear!”
With the help of the night vision from Farsight and my Escape skill, I was able easily run away with Megumin in tow.
“Hey, hey, little bear, are you scared!? I am Kazuma! Catch me if you can!”
“You’re drunk aren’t you? You’re actually very, very drunk, aren’t you?”
“Roooooooooooooar!!”
I turned around to face the furball chasing me.
“Snipe!”
“Rawr!?”
What I’m doing right now is running in the dark at full speed while firing arrows behind me.
It’s a high difficulty technique, but I’m able to pull it off.
“Behold Megumin! This is the true power of the Hero Kazuma! What do you think, isn’t it cool??”
“It looks cool! It looks very cool, so please keep running! Where did you hit it? It looks like you really pissed it off!”
As expected only from someone with a high level, Megumin’s easily keeping up with me.
“Oh, it’s a male isn’t it. I struck its sweet spot!”
“Now’s not the time for that! What have you done!?”
As soon as Megumin heard my words, she started chanting under her breath.
It seems like she intends to use the bear as her target for her daily routine.
However…
“Hold it right there, it’s way too early for that. You sure are a hasty one, aren’t you?”
“Mmff!? …Fuaa! Why did you interrupt me? It will catch up to us at this rate, you know!? Can’t I just blow that bear up!? It’s more than sufficient to be my target.”
Megumin, who I quickly silenced with my finger, was now shouting at me with tears in her eyes.
“That kind of small fry is not a suitable match for your magic. Explosion magic is the strongest magic, so don’t you misuse it!”
“What is with you tonight, Kazuma!? Did you get more drunk after running around!? Normally you’ll just tell me to get it over with!! Actually, if I don’t use it now, we’ll get done in by that small fry!”
I waved my finger in front of Megumin.
“Did you forget who I am? That’s right, I’m Kazuma, the one who possesses the Lurk skill!”
“It’s already found us! I’m begging you, please return to normal!”
Just like Megumin said, the Lurk skill is useless if the enemy has already spotted you.
However…
“Create Earth”
Using flashy magic in the forest at the dead of night would just attract more enemies.
With the handful of soil in my hand…
“Wind Breath!”
“Grah!?”
I gave the One-Strike bear that quickly gained upon us a taste of my long unused eye blinding combo.
Then, using the brief moment where it can’t see, I concealed myself…
“Hey, Kazuma…. Wai—”
—While embracing each other in the darkness, Megumin’s tiny body trembled slightly every time our breaths touched.
(“Heh… You said that you’ll let me do anything to you just a short while ago, but you’re getting tense now?”)
(“Of course I’m tense! Are you stupid!? Kazuma, are you seriously stupid? I’m tense because my life’s on the line here!”)
“Sniff, Sniff…!”
After losing sight of us, the One-Strike bear began using its nose to sniff us out.
(“So, how is it Megumin? A date in the middle of the night just gets your heart pounding, doesn’t it?”)
(“My heart is pounding! It has never pounded like this before! I’m begging you, please keep quiet!”)
The One-Strike bear who just passed by near us was still sniffing around carefully.
However, the Lurk skill also works on odours.
We stood motionlessly hugging each other, and eventually the One-Strike bear left us.
“In the end, it’s a mere beast… It was never a match for me.”
“If you had that kind of confidence all the time, we’d be able to go on more adventures…”
After releasing my Lurk skill, I used Enemy Detection to check my surroundings.
“Ok, let’s go this way, Megumin. I can sense the aura of a powerful monster over there.”
“It doesn’t have to be a powerful one! Just what is with you tonight? Even if you are drunk, this is way too strange!”
Megumin’s the one who’s strange, not me.
“You were the one who always said you loved going for the strong ones.”
“Yes, I love going for the strong ones! However, that’s when we are with everyone, and when Kazuma is acting with a clear head!”
Just then.
A ragged breathing could be heard coming from the darkness between the trees.
Along with that, a pair of shining blue eyes stared directly in our direction.
“Seems like it’s here. Now, I wonder if this one can properly satisfy me?”
“Stop saying stupid things and run, Kazuma!! Those blue eyes that shine in the dark! That is the lone wolf, champion of the forest, Fenrir!”
Exhaling a shimmering white cloud from it’s mouth, the giant, silver furred wolf casually approached us, seemingly not regarding us as a threat at all.
“Normally I would hunt you down for some pocket change, but it seems like you’re not the one I’m looking for tonight. I’ll let you off this time, so count your lucky stars…”
“Just where is all of that confidence coming from!? This is Fenrir you know!? This is a extremely high leveled enemy that wiped out even those veteran adventurers who were capable of dealing with the dangerous white wolves with ease!”
Seemingly understanding that I was provoking it, the Fenrir snorted in an annoyed manner.
As it slowly approached us, the undergrowth beneath it froze with a crackling noise.
“I see, you control ice. What a coincidence, I too command both water and ice. Would you like to see who is better?”
“There’s no way that your sorry Freeze spell can even compare! Oh, never mind, I’ll take care of this, so just buy me some time…”
Megumin began chanting after saying that, only to feel my hand land on her head with a boop.
“This is not your time to shine. Save that for later. Now then, little puppy, it’s about time we get started with our late-night ball. Won’t you dance with me!?”
“You would normally never say stuff like that! Seriously, just what it’s with you!? Though, it pains me to admit it, but it was actually a little cool!”
As I calmly got into a combat stance, the Fenrir started moving in response.
“…Kazuma, it’s looking down on you. It’s really looking down on you!”
Across from me, the Fenrir started scratching its neck with its hind leg.
No matter how you look at it, this isn’t something one would do in a battle…
“No, it’s not looking down on me, it’s trying to get me to lower my guard. Unfortunately, that’s not going to work. Create Water!”
I greeted the Fenrir with a gift of my water spell.
But instead of trying to dodge it…
“Kazuma, he seems like he’s enjoying it! Based off its attributes, the Fenrir should like water and ice! It thinks you’re giving it a bath!”
“Heh… if it’s that comfortable, how about another round? Create Water! Create Water!”
I continued blasting the Fenrir which seemed to be completely enjoying the experience.
As expected, it simply took the blasts without trying to dodge at all…
Just then, something changed.
Its feet is covered in a thick layer of ice.
It’s not thick enough to render it immobile, but it’ll definitely slow it down.
“Did you lower your guard because my level is lower than your? Too bad, but this match is already decided. Create Earth!”
“!?”
The Fenrir that seemed like it was enjoying itself a moment ago deftly jumped back to avoid the clump of dirt I threw at it.
As expected of a wolf. It could dodge such an attack easily.
However…!
“Didn’t I say this battle was already decided! Wind Breath!”
I threw the cloak that I was wearing and casted my spell in its direction.
Blown by wind magic, my cloak spread and proceeded to block its vision.
The moment it tried to evade that lump of earth, it should’ve realized how the ice on its feet was hindering its movements.
This time, the Fenrir couldn’t evade…
“Gra!”
“Bind!”
Just as it started scratching at my mantle with it’s forelegs, my metal wires entangled them.
“Gruu! Grrrrrrrr, Frrrrrrr!”
Finally recognizing me as a threat, the Fenrir struggled against by bind, but the metal wires I commissioned held firm.
“A-Aah… N-N-No way, to think that Kazuma could render a Fenrir powerless so easily…”
As I casually sauntered over to the immobile Fenrir, Megumin’s let out an awed voice from behind me.
“Well, that was pretty fun. It’s about time to finish this…”
Saying that, I moved in for the decisive blow.
“So cool…! Kazuma is really cool tonight..! But, even if you disabled it, it’s still dangerous to approach a Fenrir. You should safely finishing it off from a distance with your bow…”
In addition to her admiration for my achievement, Megumin gave me a word of caution, but…
“I don’t like picking on weaklings. This one is pretty good. It just picked a fight with the wrong person..”
“I-I thought you went crazy or something, but I think I fell in love with you all over again… But, Kazuma, you don’t have your sword… “
That’s right, I assumed we would only be running through the forest tonight, so I only brought along my bow.
However…
“If I don’t have a sword, then all I have to do is create one. Create Water!”
Water flowed out from my right hand.
“At the very least, I will finish you with an attack from your favourite element. Freeze…!”
“Ah… Aah… Aaaah…”
The water dripping from my right hand slowly changed from water to ice with a crack.
It was transforming to the form I had in mind.
“This is the true use of Freezing magic!”
“Th-That’s so cool! You’re so cool! Tonight’s Kazuma is just too cool!”
Megumin looked at me with the same eyes of admiration that she once showed to the Masked member of the thieving group.
I moved closer to Fenrir to deliver the finishing blow.
“Seems like my magic was superior after all. Now, it’s time for you to take an eternal rest—”
As it looked at me with a resigned look in its eyes, I brought down my blade of ice towards its chest—
—While cloaked under my Lurk skill, I ran through the forest.
“I would like to take back those words I said about how cool you were tonight!”
As expected of a high level monster, that blade of ice didn’t even leave a scratch on it.
“Yeah, of courseー, even if it’s made with magic, ice is still iceー Of course it wouldn’t pierce the fur of a boss level wolfー”
“Stop saying such carefree words and hurry up! A wolf’s sense of smell is especially good, so it might even sniff through your Lurk skill!”
After my attack failed, the Fenrir started struggling again and made it seem like it might get free at any time, so we left in a hurry.
Judging from the numerous howls come from behind, it seems like it’s still searching for us.
“Well, it really did look like it was my victory there.. Plus I said I’d let him off before we fought, so finishing him off would go against my word.”
“Why are you being so positive!? Let’s go back already. It’s not just Kazuma who’s strange tonight, the forest itself is strange too! Fenrir is supposed to be living far deeper in the forest…”
Oh, I see, that’s how it is…
“It detected the presence of a strong enemy, that’s to say, me, and came all the way out here.”
“You drunkard!”
While Megumin was bad-mouthing me with tears in her eyes, my enemy detection skill picked up an even greater presence.
“I’m sensing an enemy even stronger than the Fenrir. Could this be it?”
“I give up already, do as you like! Now that it has come to this, I may as well accompany you ‘till the end! Even if my opponent is Fenrir, a dragon, or even the Bomber Majin…!”
I gave the now fearless Megumin a thumbs up as I smiled at her.
“Well said! Tonight’s objective is the Bomber Majin Mogunin. It’s time to blow away that thing with a festive sounding name”
“Please don’t shorten it to Mogunin, it feels like you’re messing up my name! No, wait, I might not be qualified to be asking this, but are you insane?”
Insane, is it?
After all this time, what’s this girl saying now?
“Unfortunately, I’m always surrounded by insane companions!”
“Oh, you’ve said it now! Fine, let’s do this! I finally understand what you’re thinking, Kazuma! You should’ve just told me at the start!”
The conditions for becoming the chief is to either successfully undertake the trial or take down a strong target.
There’s no need to let anyone know what happens tonight.
Only Megumin and I need know that she didn’t lose after all.
That’s right, a Demon King is impossible, but…
“Seriously, I really love you!”
“I’ve known that a long time ago! I’ve shown you how cool I can be with that Fenrir, now’s your turn!”
“Very well, I’ll show you a sight that befits the title of the Bomber Majin!”
Saying that, Megumin showed me an unblemished smile.
My enemy detection skill is going off.
(“Wait. It’s close.”)
I stopped right there and signalled Megumin to stop with my hand.
(“…Kazuma, you can see in the dark, right? So why does your hand bump into my chest every time you let me know there’s an enemy?”)
(“Even I’m not perfect, so just let it slide this once. Anyway, over there…”)
While whispering, I pointed towards the centre of a huge clearing.
Wait, that…
(“Ah, I see. That’s why it’s called ninnin.”)
I thought they just named it with their usual Crimson Demon sensibilities, but now I kind of get why it’s named like that.
(“Is something the matter with ninnin? But, look at this Kazuma! That shiny luster, that unique form! I really want to take it home after defeating it!”)
Standing right there was a bipedal robot.
If I have to describe it in one word, it would be ninja-like.
Its appearance seems optimized for covert operations and looks to be quite intelligent.
A shining red mono eye ominously illuminated it’s surroundings. I was a little worried if it could see through my Lurk skill.
No, more importantly…
(“I see, so Fenrir ran from that, huh. Well then, let’s get started! After Kazuma went out of his way to bring me here, I’ll definitely bring it down!”)
Right now, I am beside an enthusiastic Megumin.
(“…Say, why don’t we just go back home today and come back tomorrow instead?”)
“(And then, I’ll take the title of Bomber… What did you just say?”)
I’m starting to question why exactly am I out in the forest in the middle of the night.
(“Running around made me feel sick. I want to hurry back and go to sleep…”)
(“Are you seriously going to stop after coming this far? Just where did all your motivation and bravado disappear off to? Don’t tell me you sobered up!? Of all times, you sobered up now!?”)
Megumin grabbed my shoulders with both her hands and shook me back and forth.
(“Hey, calm down, our opponent is a big shot that stymies even the Crimson Demon tribe. We should make some proper preparations…”)
(“I know it’s dangerous! I warned you so many times! And preparations are something you should’ve done before coming out here! Isn’t it too much to leave me hanging after getting my hopes up so much!?”)
Getting shaken up is making me feel sick…
(“You say that, but you keep doing the exact same thing! You always get me all worked up only to leave me hanging.”)
(“That might be so, I apologize for that. So it was always this tough on you, wasn’t it? I’m sorry.”)
Right in front of us stands the Bomber Majin.
The robot that was first discovered in the mysterious facility. I wonder if it was originally designed to protect the Crimson Demon Village.
I don’t really understand why it prioritizes attacking any non Crimson Demons with black hair and eyes, but I figured someone from Japan must have done something to it.
In any case, that isn’t important right now.
The important part is, it won’t attack any Crimson Demons.
In other words, Megumin can boldly walk out alone and blow it away with Explosion Magic.
(“Now that I get a close look at it, it’s damaged all over. I wonder if it’s from the Explosion a few days ago.”)
Now that she mentioned it, its body is definitely covered with cracks. It looks quite run down.
The damaged portions were slowly healing with a slight scraping sound. It seems this guy also comes with self repair functions.
A robot that can withstand an Explosion, and could escape and repair itself if it’s not destroyed in a single strike.
Now I understand why it wasn’t exterminated it even though it was living so close to the Crimson Demon Village.
(“Alright, let’s defeat this thing and go back to sleep. Here’s the plan: You go out alone to face it, chant your magic, and blow it away. That is all.”)
(“Isn’t that plan too dull! And what will you be doing…”)
Just when Megumin said that.
(“Blaurgh.”)
(“…You’re feeling sick because of all that running around, I see. Just sit there for now. I’ll be counting on you to take me home afterwards!”)
Unable to hold it in any longer, I fertilized the trees with the nutrients from my body.
Megumin averted her gaze.
(“Well then, I am going. Please watch my cool performance.”)
After saying that, Megumin left to face the Bomber Majin.
source @CGtranslations.me
”—Bomber Majin Moguninnin. I’ve come to take that title from you…”
Even though she could just complete her chant and end the fight before it even began, Megumin decided to honourably name herself.
This was supposed to be a serious scene, but I just can’t feel any sense of tension with the name that the Crimson Demons gave it.
“My name is Megumin! I am a wielder Explosion Magic, and the strongest mage of Axel!”
The Bomber Majin won’t attack Crimson Demons.
She probably thought she had the leeway to act cool because of that.
As for why I know this, it’s because she’s been sneaking glances at me ever since she started.
She probably wanted to make sure I was watching her coolest moment.
“You might have been once called the guardian of the Crimson Demons, but we can’t have you attacking our tourists. We’ve been letting it slide since you were quietly living in the depths of the forest, but now that you’ve come all the way out here-”
—Just then,
The Bomber Majin disappeared in an instant.
Silence returned to the forest.
Then, in the trees above me-
It came falling down without a sound.
“Eh? Wai-!”
“Ka-Kazuma!?”
Even though I was sure I was hidden with Lurk, the ninnin came rushing towards me.
And what the heck is with that movement? It’s too fast!
It’s totally a ninja!
The one who made this is definitely Japanese, I just know it!
“You’re pretty good to be able to break through my Lurk skill! But how unfortunate for you, against a robot, I’m invincible! Steal!”
When going up against a machine, all I have to do is steal its vital parts!
As I extended my hand, the ninnin deftly jumped away.
Only the afterglow of its red monoeye remained as it disappeared into the darkness.
The more I saw its cool moves, the more I feel sorry for the name that was given to it.
And what appeared in my hand is-
“Kazuma, now’s not the time to be messing around! If you want my panties that badly, I’ll wash it and give it to you later!”
The black panties of the person standing in front of me, Megumin.
“No, there’s no point if you wash… That’s not it, this guy was just too fast! Dammit, I already used that wire on Fenrir…”
Oh, that’s right!
“That’s it, underwear! Megumin, give me your bra too! If I tie it together with your panties, I can instantly make a substitute rope…”
“Are you still drunk!? There’s no way that will restrain it! Kazuma, behind you!”
I instantly threw my body to the side. At the same time, I heard the sound of something cutting through the air where my neck was just a moment before.
Before I noticed, the ninnin had circled around me and struck at me with its hand blade.
“Dammit, don’t think that ninjas are the only one who has the night as their domain! Night is also when NEETS are most active! Don’t think that you’re the only one who’s stronger here!”
By the time I turned around, it had already disappeared.
Does this guy also have the Lurk skill?
I really hate fighting people who fight covertly like me.
“You might have meant for that to be a cool line, but it’s not cool at all! You really did sober up, didn’t you!? It has none of the wit from before!”
“S-Shut up, just get to chanting already! I demand a do-over! My name is Satou Kazuma! Seeing through the dark and moving through the shadows, I’ve stolen a multitude of treasures. I am the guy that will shake the world!”
“I thought it was pretty cool for a moment, but that thing in your hands just completely ruins it!”
While Megumin was putting a damper on my introduction, I focused on increasing the accuracy of my Enemy Detection skill-
“There you are!!”
“!?”
Ninnin, who suddenly appeared behind my back, swung down his hand blade toward me, but I managed to stop it.
Since I did not have a sword on me, the thing I used to stop the attack was—
“You’re the worst! Agh, just what is it, are you being really cool tonight or not, I just don’t know!”
“Shut up, I’m being desperate here! If I can use it, I’ll use it!”
Stopping the blade with my hands might have been impossible, but the Crimson Demon Panty Block is pretty effective.
The rule about it not being able to bring harm to Crimson Demons seems to also apply to their possessions.
The ninnin that stopped in front of the black panties-
“Whoa!?”
Drove a rapid succession of palm strikes and kicks to my stomach.
Incidentally, it’s arms and legs are made of metal.
“Kazuma!? Dealing with ninnin is too difficult after all! It moves too fast that I can’t aim at it, and more importantly, I can’t attack it because it won’t leave your side!”
I spat out a sour liquid to intimidate ninnin.
Perhaps it’s because robots hate acidic attacks, but it put some distance between us.
“Y-You’re pretty good. I didn’t expect you to actually stand up to me at blaaaargh-”
“Just give up on the cool speeches already!”
It’s fine, this level of attack won’t work on me…
The only reason why I’m vomiting is because we kept running around after drinking…!
“Sorry, it’s actually working on me. This is bad… Megumin, I won’t be able to move for a while, so forget about using magic and run back to the village… This guy will let you go, so wake up Aqua and let the other villagers…”
“There’s no way I’ll run away alone like that! Sorry, but I’m not good at listening to others!”
Megumin said such selfish words that would’ve been more fitting for a rebellious teenager and readied her staff in front of me.
In the meantime, I was clutching my stomach and hunched over.
The ninnin warily approached.
Eventually, it stuck its arm out at me and began making some sort of gesture-
Megumin threw her staff away and wrapped herself around me as if to cover me.
“First Aqua and now you, why don’t you guys ever listen! What are you going to do as a mage if you throw away your staff!?”
“That’s the stance the ninnin uses for its detonation magic. If a weakling like you get caught up in it, there wouldn’t even be a corpse left!”
Ah, I see.
She’s using the fact that it doesn’t attack Crimson Demons to protect me, huh?
source @CGtranslations.me
…Just then.
With its hand still outstretched, the ninnin focused it’s red monoeye on me and started saying something.
<”Type: Cheat harem class Riajuu Japanese confirmed. Upon separation from modified specimen Crimson Demon, initiate Detonation clean-up.”>
“I just heard something that I can’t ignore! Cheat harem? Cheat harem you say!?! The goal of your creator was to wipe out all those cheat-having harem bastards!? If that’s the case, then aiming for me was a mistake, damn you!”
“I don’t know why you’re suddenly so angry, but please stay still!”
Megumin desperately tried to cover me with her tiny body as I struggled.
As I was feeling her rising temperature, I tried to think of a plan out of this stalemate.
Honestly, my chest hurts.
Judging from how it feels, I probably had a broken bone or two.
Yeah, it probably broke a couple of my ribs.
Still, why is it so hung up on performing its Detonation?
Even if it couldn’t harm Crimson Demons, it should be more than capable of prying Megumin from me to deliver the killing blow.
“Megumin, why is it just standing still? It could easily kill me if it were to just attack.”
“The Bomber Majin makes it’s opponents explode, that’s why it’s called the Bomber Majin. Whenever it comes across a party full of girls lead by a guy with black hair and eyes, it would scream ‘Go explode!’ and blow them away! That’s why it’s so terrifying.”
“Isn’t that just plain Riajuu hunting! How ridiculous! Megumin, protect me! I’m going to keep using Steal on it until I get its vital parts!”
“That’s fine, but you won’t accidentally target me instead, will you!? I’m not wearing panties right now, so there’s nothing left! If you happen to steal my robe, my lower half will be completely nude!”
“I’ll take responsibility when that happens! Here we go, Steal! Steal! Steal! Steal!”
Swiftly reacting to my voice, ninnin’s figure suddenly disappeared from where it was.
However, in my right hand, something heavy was…
“Did I do it?”
“You’ve really done it this time! Please give me back my bra! If you took just one more thing, it would really have been a disaster!”
In my right hand was a black bra and some kind of component.
The sensation pressing against my back now felt slightly softer. Along with that, I heard a soft clank.
I must have stolen one of its parts.
Quite some distance away, within the trees, Bomber Majin was down on one knee and looking at us.
“Dammit, so he can still move… This is bad, my chest and stomach hurts… I wonder if I can carry you back to the village like this…”
Ignoring my whining, Megumin picked up her staff and began chanting.
On the receiving end is the Bomber Majin, seemingly trying to escape while dragging one of its legs behind it.
“This village is really something else. I’m not coming back here anymore. Hey Megumin, don’t leave me. If you get too far, that thing is going to blow me up.”
Megumin, still stuck to my back, heaved a sigh.
“You were so cool just a few moments ago, and now you’re using a woman as a shield… Really, just why did I fall in love with such a guy…”
She might say that, but she doesn’t seem too displeased by it.
Megumin shifted her attention to the Bomber Majin.
“You weren’t originally like this. Just what happened to you? Even though you’ve taken some damage from my explosion, your movements were still way too clumsy.”
I came this close to dying out there. You’re kidding when you say it wasn’t at peak condition, right?
“… As a fellow explosion lover, I can’t hate you, but there’s no way I can overlook you setting your sights on my companion…”
With her staff firmy in hand, Megumin looked straight at the guardian that has protected the Crimson Demon Village for all this time and gave it a pained smile.
It was as if it was reacting to Megumin’s words.
Ninnin, who was dragging its legs around, suddenly stopped moving.
It’s red monoeye flashed rapidly.
“Confirmed observation of the Maximum Magical Capabilities of the Crimson Demons. With the appearance of a being that have exceeded prior magic power predictions, the Modification project is judged a success. Now sending latest report to Noise Kingdom HQ. HQ, please respond. The project is a success. Please convey these results to the master-”
Just as it said something really interesting-
“Explosion!”
By the hands of someone with the same crimson eyes.
By the Crimson Demon mage hailed as the worst mage, the guardian of the Crimson Demon Village was sent to join the fallen Kingdom of Noise and its creator.
“You really gave me a fright! Megumin, you really should stop doing such things!”
“Shut up, you NEET. That was a celebration for the next chief. If anything, you should be thanking me.”
Right now, I’m in a place I’m getting more and more familiar with, the base of the Crimson Demon Defence Corps.
“Stop calling me a NEET! I’m not a NEET, I’m a member of the Defence Corps and don’t you forget that! That aside…”
Bukkorori was lecturing Megumin who was currently in jail.
“Still, I didn’t expect you, her guardian, to get involved in it too… Just when we starting to get along too… It’s really a shame.”
I too have been thrown into the same cell as Megumin.
“Bukkorori-san, I’m sorry. I felt like I was getting along well with you too… To make up for it, I’ll teach you a great way to pass time. It goes like this: you create ice using freeze and watch it as it melts. Before you notice it, a day would have already passed.”
“That’s a pretty good idea. I have a lot of free time everyday, so I’ll go try this out soon.”
“Please don’t get too chummy with each other! This is why NEETs are so… Can’t you spend your time doing something more worthwhile?”
Megumin interrupted me as we were trading NEET tips.
And then, Bukkorori sighed as he regarded Megumin.
“…I get that you’re upset over the gap between you and your rival now but… No matter how upset you are, you can’t just cast Explosion magic during her celebration.”
Megumin didn’t tell anyone about her victory over the Bomber Majin.
Thus, everyone is under the impression that she casted explosion because she was upset over Yunyun becoming the next chief in line.
If she told everyone the truth of what happened, her reputation as the worst, joke mage would’ve been erased…
“If you’re going to keep lecturing me, I have to say something as well. Do you remember Soketto, the one you always stalk? I heard that you made her cry by sexually harassing her and calling it punishment.”
“Just what are you saying? Soketto just seemed to be acting odd recently. The other day, she invited me to get my fortune told, but she made a bunch of inscrutable expressions in front of her crystal ball before chasing me out. Even a few days ago, she ambushed me while I was out on patrol, saying something about she’ll help me practice or the like.”
Bukkoroli protested with tears in his eyes.
Just then, a new visitor appeared.
“Why, if it isn’t Ms. Next Chief In Line. What is it? Have you come to laugh at me? If you want to laugh at how unsightly am I, then go ahead and laugh!”
“Ahahahahahahaha! Megumin is in jail! Ahahaha!”
“You really laughed at me! Fine then, we’ll settle it for real this time! Bukkorori, open the door right now!! If you don’t, I’ll let loose my Explosion right here!”
After pointing and laughing triumphantly at Megumin, Yunyun let out a sigh.
“Ha… Seriously, what have you done this time..? Umm, Bukkorori-san… I’ll keep watch on her, so could you let me talk to Megumin privately?”
“Fine with me. I may not look like it, but I’m actually pretty busy.”
“I bet you’re just going to stalk Soketto again under the guise of patrolling around.”
“Oh shut up! You may not think so, but not just any idiot can do the patrolling around here. Plus, the Demon King’s army has been making some strange movements around here recently. Just the other day, a band of red-eyed zombies and golems were seen loitering near the village…”
Bukkorori said that as he handed over the key to Yunyun.
After confirming that there weren’t any other members of the Defence Corps around, she came closer to the bars.
“… So what exactly happened last night?”
“I was upset that you stole a victory over me, so I went out to vent my frustrations.”
Yunyun bent over and took a closer look at Megumin’s sulking face.
“Hmm…”
“What with that ‘hmm…’? If you have something to say then just say it.”
Yunyun somehow looked both displeased yet a little happy when she heard the reply.
“Not particularly. It’s just, I noticed this after spending all this time with you, but your eyes turn blue whenever you tell a lie. Did you know that? I wonder if it’s a rare Crimson Demon trait.”
“Wait, really!? This is the first I’ve heard about it! So you’re saying that I’m special even amongst Crimson Demons? Am I the chosen one!?”
As Megumin was panicking and fussing around, Yunyun opened the door to our cell entered.
“You’re normally pretty sharp, so try not to get fooled so easily.”
“Why is Yunyun calling me a fool… You tricked me! You’re trying to make a fool of me again! Kazuma, please look into my eyes!”
“Hmm? What’s the matter? Well, I don’t mind looking if you ask me to.”
While Yunyun was listening to our little exchange, Megumin said,
“Kazuma, did you know that on the bodies of Crimson Demons, you can find strips of lines that people call a barcode? By the way, Yunyun’s is located in a very risque part of her inner thighs. …So how was it? Did my eyes turn blue or are they still red?”
“What are you suddenly saying! Normally, you would say an obvious lie in such a situation, right!?”
“It’s red like always. So that means you’re speaking the truth, right?”
Being on the receiving end of Megumin’s comeback, Yunyun is now covering her blushing face.
Megumin just can’t be beaten when it comes to instigating others or arguments.
“I feel so much better now. So, what did you come here for? Don’t tell me your true nature as a loner was exposed and everyone left you?”
“What are you saying! I… I’m still fine… I think… Wait, that’s not it!”
Yunyun went towards Megumin and crouched down with her hands on her knees.
“Let me see your Adventurer Card.”
She bluntly said and held out her hand. It’s like her usual mature demeanour has completely disappeared.
“No way. Why do I have to show my card to my rival? Besides, being a loner has its limits, you know. Just because you’re lonely doesn’t mean you should willingly go with others into a jail cell.”
“That’s not it! Even I wouldn’t do that! Just show me the exterminated monsters part. You don’t have anything to hide, do you?”
As expected of someone who’s been with Megumin since childhood.
She seemed to have somehow guessed what we got up to last night.
“I have nothing to hide, but I’m still not showing it to you! It’s not like I hunted the onion ducks that Bukkorori was carefully raising just to get some experience points.”
“You just said something that I can’t ignore! Hey, did you hunt them!? Bukkorori-san was carefully raising those ducks for Soketto because she was treating him coldly recently. Hey, did you!?”
Come to think of it, she was bragging that her level raised after returning to the village, wasn’t she?
“Argh! That doesn’t really matter, just show me your card! Hey, the Bomber Majin was really there, right? And you hunted it together with Kazuma-san, right?”
“What are you suddenly saying? There’s no way we would hunt something like that. You know it won’t attack Crimson Demons, right? If I wanted to go Ninin hunting, I would have taken another Crimson Demon with me instead.”
But Yunyun continued looking at her with a questioning gaze.
“Even though you keep saying that the explosions are the fault of the Bomber Majin?”
“The ones causing those explosions everyday was me.”
As Megumin stubbornly held her ground, Yunyun sighed.
“…Did you feel like you lost to me because I was able to complete the three trials of the Crimson Demons and became the next chief in line?”
“I don’t know what you are talking about. I’m the worst mage of the Crimson Demons, so I wouldn’t be qualified to compete you in the first place. Isn’t this good for you? Everyone in the village will be fawning all over you.”
Yunyun was already regarded highly after what happened back with Silvia, but it’s really increased after passing the trial. It looks like she’ll definitely be able to break free from being a loner.
I’m sure she’ll have nothing but happy days ahead of her in this village.
“…Megumin, you’re going back to Axel, aren’t you?”
“But of course. I’m the strongest mage of Axel after all. If I disappear, the citizens of Axel will be troubled.”
“Weren’t you just saying earlier that you were the worst mage of the Crimson Demons? And now you’re the strongest mage of Axel?”
I shot back on reflex, but it seems like Megumin was pretending she didn’t hear that.
“Yunyun, from now on, you’ll be staying in the village to learn how to manage it, right? Then, I guess this is our goodbye.”
… Oh yeah. The reason why Yunyun kept challenging Megumin for the title of the strongest mage of the Crimson Demons was to become the next chief.
Now that she has officially achieved that, there’s no longer any reason for her to return to Axel.
“… Don’t think you’ve won with just this.”
“… I just don’t get this girl. Aren’t you the one that won?”
For some reason, they are both stubbornly insisting that the other won.
If you look at a different perspective, you could say Megumin is stronger and Yunyun is weaker.
You could also look at it the other way around, that Megumin is weak and Yunyun has a surprisingly strong spirit when push comes to shove.
They differ in a lot of ways. Whether it is the families they came from, their personalities, or even their physical build.
For such complete opposites to become rivals could be said to be nature taking its course.
I couldn’t help but let out a wry smile.
“Since you’re a loner without any party members or a man, I don’t mind letting you have this victory. It’s our last duel, after all.”
Megumin rested her head on my shoulders as she said that.
“… Hey, are you going to keep bragging about Kazuma-san to me until I get a boyfriend? Having a boyfriend isn’t that big of a deal, you know!”
“True. Let’s just call it my loss. I’m going to be building my own little bundle of happiness with this man here, so Yunyun, please continue working to be the strongest mage. The job of the chief seems pretty tough, but take care not to neglect finding a boyfriend.”
Megumin showed her an innocent smile and wrapped her arm around mine.
“Isn’t becoming the strongest mage your dream!? And you were the one who called me a pervert and what not every time I brought up the topic of love!”
Yunyun who was so calm a short while ago is now on the verge of tears.
“Kazuma, should I give you a lap pillow? It’s the least I could do after making you spend your time here with me. Please use my lap instead of the cold floor of this cell.”
“Ok, I’ll do that.”
“Hey, why are you just naturally giving him a lap pillow? You weren’t that close before right!?”
As I wholeheartedly accepted Megumin’s offer, Yunyun suddenly stood up.
“What’s the matter, Yunyun whom I lost to? That aside, we’re finally alone together here, so could you not bother us? You already have people who’re fawning over you after becoming a chief, right? Why don’t you spend your time with them instead?”
“Mmm, it’s really smooth and feels really good. I didn’t work that hard yesterday for nothing.”
“Hey Megumin, isn’t your face getting red!? You’re not really used to doing these things, right!? You’re just putting up with Kazuma’s sexual harassment, right!?”
I started caressing Megumin’s thighs, but, perhaps it’s because of Yunyun’s presence, Megumin didn’t seem to be the slightest bit angry at all.
“This much is just normal, right? …Ka-Kazuma, I don’t think your face is suppose to be facing that way… No, I’m not embarrassed. I just thought Kazuma would have a hard time breathing like that.”
“Issh ohhkay.”
“Is that so!? Oh, alright, lap pillows can be done like this too!”
“Megumin, you’re definitely putting up with it, aren’t you!? And Kazuma-san, cut it out already!”
ーA short while after Yunyun left to meet her parents, we were released from jail…
“Seriously Kazuma! And you too Megumin! Will the two of you die if you don’t cause some kind of trouble!? You really should learn a little more from me and my perfect conduct!”
“It’s just as Aqua said, Kazuma. It’s already too late for Megumin, but why did you join her too?”
Unreasonable as it may seem, we’re currently being lectured by the two drunkards that got wasted last night.
“Don’t get ahead of yourselves! Stop showing me such smug smiles just because you didn’t happen to cause any trouble this time! Megumin and I were out doing vigorous night exercises while you two were sleeping last night, you know!?”
“Please pay a little more attention to your phrasing! It’s not what you’re thinking, all we did was run away from the monsters that chased after us in the forest!”
Megumin desperately tried to correct me.
“Listen up, I really showed my stuff last night. I handled that One Strike bear easily, and I schooled that Fenrir so hard that I took pity on it and let it go. Isn’t that right, Megumin?”
“…Well, you’re not lying but…”
Darkness had a look of doubt in her face.
“The One-Strike bear aside, isn’t a Fenrir a monster on the same level as a calamity? You’re saying that a monster that fearsome is living in the woods this close to the village?”
Come to think of it, the Bomber Majin should have also been living much deeper in the forest as well.
“I see, that’s definitely the work of the Demon King’s Army. A Demon King’s General that can command monsters is planning to throw the world into chaos. That’s definitely it! It’s my goddess’s intuition!”
Aqua came to this absurd conclusion without any shred of logic whatsoever, but this case is just full of mysteries.
There was also the question of why the Ninin wasn’t fighting at full efficiency.
Still, we’ve completed everything we’ve set out to do.
All that’s left is to get Yunyun to send us back to Axel with Teleport.
“Now that I think about it, don’t you have to say your goodbyes to the other villagers before we go, Megumin? Yunyun’s going to be staying here after sending us back, so it’d difficult to come back here afterwards.”
Megumin huffed in response to Darkness’s words.
“There’s no need to say any goodbyes to those people who called me, the number one genius of the Crimson Demons, stuff like Joke Mage, Worst Mage and Explosion Mage. I’ll triumphantly return after defeating the Demon King and have them prostrate themselves before me.”
“Explosion Mage fits you just fine though.”
And I’m not going off to defeat the Demon king.
Come to think of it…
“Hey Aqua, what did you do with the Tranquility Girl seedling? Before I knew it, it had already disappeared from the pot.”
“I already planted it, of course.”
Aqua lazily replied. Did she have enough time to do that?
“It’s a little weird coming from me considering I was out in the forest last night too, but were you really able to plant it out in that dangerous forest by yourself?”
“What are you saying? Of course not. I just planted it in Megumin’s backyard.”
“What did you do?”
Megumin reflexively said, but really, what did this girl do?
“Now, now, listen to me. Komekko told me she’ll look after it until it grows up. She’s a sharp kid, so I don’t think she’s going to raise it in a bad way. There aren’t any other kids around here that are the same age as her, so they’ll make good friends!”
“That girl probably intends to eat it after it grows up.”
“Just what’s wrong with your family? I’m going to go take it back right now.”
I caught onto Aqua before she could run away in a panic.
“Megumin’s just joking around with you. Yunyun is going to come back soon, so just sit still.”
“…Yeah, of course it’s a joke. Seriously, Megumin! Is messing with me that fun? When we get back to Axel, I’ll reveal to everyone just how much of a siscon you are… Hey Megumin, it was a joke, right? Why are you keeping silent? Why won’t you meet my eyes?”
Just as Aqua started shaking Megumin by the shoulders…
“Megumin!”
Yunyun came to a stop in front of us, panting heavily.
She must have ran all the way out here.
Still, she had a wide smile when she looked up.
“What’s the matter Yunyun? I get that you’re in high spirits because you finally made some friends in the village, but if you’re too eager, they’ll get fed up with you.”
“That’s not it! Also, tell me those kind of things earlier! Yesterday, and today too… I think I’ve already been too eager!”
Yunyun coughed multiple times as she tried to catch her breath.
“I’ll go back to Axel with you!”
Yunyun, her eyes glowing vividly, joyfully declared.
“I’m going to try and defeat the Demon King too! I don’t want a victory handed over to me like this… I’ll defeat the Demon King. And once I’ve achieved that, I’ll officially become the chief! I’ve already talked this over with my father and everyone in the village!”
Megumin’s rival, opponent, and above all, her best friend, said with an unblemished smile. It’s as if a weight was lifted off her shoulders.
“…Is that so. You’re finally a riajuu now, but I guess you’ll go back to being a loner after all… Oh, and, the one who will defeat the Demon King is me. “
Megumin dismissed her rival’s declaration just like that.
However, I know that she’s just tsundere towards Yunyun.
Despite her attempts to keep a calm facade, her cheeks were twitching out of happiness.
“You just can’t be honest, can you? Your eyes are bright red, you know?”
The intensity of a Crimson Demon’s emotions are shown through their eyes.
“You just can’t take a hint, can you, Aqua? Fine, let me go pull up that Tranquility Girl you so selfishly planted in my yard!”
Aqua tightly grabbed onto Megumin’s waist before she could leave. Megumin, on the other hand, quickly continued to hide her embarrassment.
“Come on, Yunyun, if you’re going back to Axel, then hurry up and get ready. Also, I don’t think you’ve noticed this, but the adventurers in that town are surprisingly reliant on you. If you asked them to let you into their party, they’ll probably end up fighting over you.”
“Really!? Hey, why didn’t you tell me something this important before!?”
“If you ended up making a lot of friends in that town, you would get attached to that town and give up on becoming the chief, wouldn’t you?”
“Of course I would!”
Yunyun instantly replied.
“At least think it over for a while. Seriously. Anyway, let’s hurry up and head back to our town.”
“I-I get it so don’t rush me! …But, is what you said earlier true? That the adventurers in Axel are, umm, reliant on me…”
“Surprisingly. I said surprisingly. If you get too carried away, you’ll return to being a loner.”
Even though Megumin was saying such things, Yunyun couldn’t hide the grin on her face.
“Haa… I was able to win against Megumin and the villagers also accepted me. This all feels like a dream…”
“What do you mean win against me? Now that you’re going back to Axel, there’s no way I would just give you that victory!”
“Hey, what are you saying now? I cleared the three trials of the Crimson Demons, so doesn’t that make it my victory this time? You’re just being a sore loser!”
I know I said they were polar opposites earlier, but they’re surprisingly pretty similar in some aspects.
After getting into another childish argument, the two of them started squaring each other up…
“If you’re going to take it that far, then let’s have a match, Megumin! I’ll definitely make you admit defeat this time!”
Yunyun declared as she took the wand from her hip.
In response to that, Megumin took out her Adventurer Card.
“Oh look, my card was in a place like this. Weren’t you asking me to show you the exterminated monsters part earlier? Look! The name of the Bomber Majin is right here-”
“How could you change your stance that quickly!”
In the middle of the square of the Crimson Demon village, Yunyun’s scream echoed-
After returning to Axel and bidding farewell to Yunyun, instead of heading back to the mansion, we headed straight for the Adventurer’s guild.
“To think that you actually defeated Moguninnin while I wasn’t there. But we are party mates, so you’ll split the money even if I was sleeping back then, right?”
Aqua said in high spirits.
She seemed to have completely forgotten about how she was lecturing us just a moment ago.
“W-Well, I didn’t expect that you really only did vigorous excercises last night. Sorry for doubting you, Megumin, Kazuma. Oh, I know! Aqua, why don’t we buy some high quality ingredients and throw a party for them to celebrate their accomplishments!?”
“It’s not a problem at all. I actually think it’s a wonderful idea, especially coming from the usually hardheaded Darkness.”
Perhaps feeling indebted to Megumin and me, Darkness maintained a smile on her face despite being called hardheaded by Aqua.
“So, Megumin, what do you think? Whose portion do you think we should draw the money to buy the high class ingredients from?”
“Yeah, seriously! After knowing me for so long, you two should know very well that I wouldn’t cause trouble just to fulfill my desire to cast Explosions.”
“As if.” x3
“Kazuma, whose side are you on?”
Leaving Megumin who was starting to get agitated behind, I quickly made my way to the receptionist.
“Yo, Onee-san, it’s the large bounty hunter, Satou Kazuma.”
“Ah, Satou-san! What brings you here today?”
I showed her the card I got from Megumin…
“I did it again, onee-san. Seriously… If we keep going on at this pace, we’ll wipe out all the large bounty targets in no time at all. This will put all the other adventurers out of business, haha!”
“H-Hahaha… So you defeated the Bomber Majin Moguninnin, I see. Congratulations, I’ll go prepare the bounty immediately!”
That onee-san doesn’t even seem surprised anymore when we turn up with the head of yet another bounty.
However, I don’t particularly mind her current reaction.
If you have to ask why, well…
Source @CGtranslations.me
“Umm… Could you be Satou Kazuma-sama?”
Source @CGtranslations.me
A voice called out to me at the absolute perfect time.
Standing next to me was a beautiful lady with an air of maturity about her and a beauty spot under her eye.
She had a body that could give Darkness a run for her money, being round in all the right places.
Her neatly cut black hair extended to her shoulders, and her erotic black eyes were staring right at me.
Just meeting her gaze made my heart skip a beat.
Is she a priest, I wonder?
She was wearing a white robe that seemed reminiscent of a cleric’s garb, and a mace hung upon her waist.
Is it her beauty spot that gave me the impression of a cool mature beauty?
Or is it because there was almost no one amongst the women around me that could be considered mature?
The woman in question gave me an elegant bow.
“I have heard a lot about you… I’ve been awaiting your arrival. My name is Serena… I hope this is not too sudden, but is there any chance you’re willing to let me join your party?”
She must be the fan that the receptionist told me about before I left for the Crimson Demon Village.
The guild fell silent in response to her sudden words.
“Huh? What are you saying? This party already has an excellent Archpriest, so there’s no need for another priest. Now go away. Shoo, shoo.”
Aqua’s aggressive words echoed throughout the otherwise silent guild.
It seems like she’s wary of having her position stolen with the appearance of another priest.
“Satou Kazuma-sama, would you please consider allowing me to become one of your retainers? I swear that I will not become a burden upon you.”
Serena, on the other hand, completely ignored Aqua and addressed me with a smile.
Megumin, who seemed like she was about to angrily say something, suddenly averted her gaze.
I’m sure she couldn’t bear to say anything after causing so much trouble in the Crimson Demon Village.
Everyone’s gaze naturally swivelled to me.
I’m sure they are waiting for my response, but this development is definitelyー
Source @CGtranslations.me
“You must be some underling of the Demon King, right? You want to join my party? There is no one in their right mind who would want to join my party after learning of my infamy. Yup, your true identity is an assassin sent by the Demon King who judged me as a threat after taking out so many of his Generals-”
“Sacred Highness Heal!!”
Source @CGtranslations.me
I was suddenly interrupted by Aqua’s spell.
A gentle light enveloped my body, and faded away without anything happening.
If I recall, it’s a powerful healing spell that cures not just physical wounds but also any other effects that are adversely affecting my body.
But, obviously, I wasn’t hurt at all.
“… Hey, why did you just cast a recovery spell on me?”
“You who has low stats, low levels and the weakest class seem to be under the delusion that the Demon King has placed a mark upon you, so I casted heal on your mind.”
Maybe I really should trade her away.
“To think they would doubt you so… Kazuma-sama, I believe that evaluation to be far below your actual skills. As a great adventurer who has defeated so many tough enemies and acquired vast amounts of wealth at a young age, you might very well be the hero chosen by the goddess to defeat the Demon King…”
Serena clasped her hands together and closed her eyes as if she was in prayer as she said that.
Well, the goddess Aqua did send me here to aid in the fight against the Demon King that’s currently threatening this world…
Actually, now that I think about it, yeah, I really should be viewed more favourablyー
“Sacred Highness Heal!!”
Aqua’s voice interrupted again.
This time, the soft light enveloped Serena.
“… Why did you cast recovery magic on me?”
“You were calling our Kazuma a hero or whatever, so I thought to cast heal on your brain.”
… …
“Ahem. Anyway, I’m really loathe to say this, but she’s technically our party’s priest. Sorry, but we are not currently looking for additional party members right now. Could you please look elsewhere?”
“Ouch! Ouch! It hurts! Kazuma-san, it really hurts!”
I pulled upon Aqua’s ears as I said that.
However, Serena’s smile didn’t falter in the slightest.
“… I suppose that can’t be helped. I’ll excuse myself here. However, Kazuma-sama. If you allow me to join your party, I’m certain I’ll be of great help to you.”
After saying such words, Serena confidently walked away.
As I was seeing her off, I took a close look at my current party members.
There’s Aqua who’s currently crying tears of pain and struggling within my grip.
There’s Megumin, who popped her head out from behind Darkness and heaved a sigh of relief upon seeing Serena leave.
And lastly…
“… Why are you fidgeting?”
“Seeing Kazuma get led away by a beautiful priest who appeared out of nowhere… I thought this must be what NTR feels like…”
There’s Darkness, fidgeting and looking at me with moist eyes while sporting a smile that hid both arousal and shame.
The more I looked at my current companions…
“… Say, can I go chase after her?”
Source @CGtranslations.me
Next morning.
Something felt different from usual as we entered the guild.
“Now then, everyone who’s going out for the extermination quests, please line up here. I’ll be casting long duration support magic on you…”
The adventurers were forming neat lines in the guild.
And at the head of the line was Serena, casting support magic on each of them free of charge.
Generally speaking, priests are very high in demand, but very few people have the aptitude for the class.
Thus, offering to cast support magic for free is a very valuable service for those parties without priests of their own.
“Oh, Kazuma-sama. How about it, would you like to have me cast support magic on you too? Support spells cast by different sects will stack. I believe I’m of a different sect from your priest, so our spells should stack with each other.”
Serena greeted me with a smile upon spotting me.
I’m surprised that she could state that so confidently.
…Though, I suppose it’s pretty obvious that Aqua is of the Axis Cult.
Still, offering to cast support spells for free… It feels like this is the first time I’ve seen a proper priest.
“Hey, you’re going to cause problems for the other priests if you do that without consulting us. The goodwill towards us is already quite thin, so stop doing such things.”
Our party’s deliquent… no, wait.
Our party’s priest (tentative) shot towards Serena.
The actual priest glanced at Aqua out of the corner of her eye and said,
“It’s better to refrain from that sort of behaviour. Otherwise, Kazuma-sama’s reputation will be dragged through the mud. Is it because of you that Kazuma-sama has such a bad reputation? …Plus, is it wrong to offer a helping hand to parties without priests?”
“It is not wrong.”
The goddess (tentative) couldn’t disagree with Serena’s reasoning.
“I won’t ask you to cast support magic free of charge to everyone. Even though you’re a far stronger priest than I am, I won’t reproach you for not supporting the other adventurers in the past… However, my actions do not bring inconvenience upon anyone. This is the proper thing to do. I do not believe that you have the right to put a stop to that.”
“…Yes.”
Aqua looked towards the ground and muttered, completely unable to come up with a retort.
“… I admit defeat…”
What’s a goddess doing losing to a priest?
As I looked upon Serena, she noticed my gaze and smiled back.
… No matter how you look at it, Serena definitely seems more priest-like.
Just then.
“… I don’t like this.”
The one who suddenly said that was the actual, true blooded delinquent, Dust.
The person in question was lazing around on top of his table as he stared at Serena with a suspicious gaze.
“I don’t like this… I’ve never seen such a priest-like priest before… The others might have fallen for your wiles with a simple support spell, but you can’t fool me that easily. As far as abilities go, Aqua onee-san who revived me before should have the upper hand. I stand on her side… I don’t like this. I don’t like this at all…”
An honest person with a pure heart seems to be an incompatible existence to this twisted man.
I wonder why is he on such good terms with me?
Still, there are quite a few people in the guild who have great trust in Aqua.
After all, they’ve known Aqua for far longer than some priest who appeared out of nowhere.
Just then, the guild staff started addressing the adventurers.
“All adventurers, I hope you’ll work hard on the extermination quests today! Now then, today’s situation is somewhat different…”
It seemed like they were waiting for Serena to finish casting her support magic on everyone.
For some reason, the guild staff didn’t busy themselves with the usual tasks putting up the requests on the noticeboard.
Instead, they took out a single piece of paper.
“The truth is, last night, a large outbreak of undead appeared near the public cemetery, so we would like you all to focus on exterminating them today. It’s fairly close to the town, so there’s no telling when the citizens will be threatened. In particular, we request all priests to please take part in this extermination.”
…A large outbreak of undead in the public cemetery.
Darkness’s, Megumin’s, and my gazes naturally fell upon Aqua.
Aqua’s supposed to be in charge of purifying the cemetery…
“What? Why is everyone looking at me like that!? I properly purify the graveyard every week! I didn’t slack off this time!”
“… Didn’t you slack off before?…”
My doubtful gaze merely intensified in the face of Aqua’s desperate excuses.
“Hey, don’t look at me like that! I properly did my work this time! It’s not a lie! Fine, just you wait! I’ll show you what an Archpriest can really do! Just me alone is enough to deal with Zombies and Skeletons!”
Almost as if a fire was lit under her, Aqua loudly declared to the guild.
Source @CGtranslations.me
“What the hell is this!?”
Someone shouted.
Public cemetery.
This is a place where those without much cash or adventurers who have no known relatives end up getting buried.
That large patch of ground a short distance away from the town is currently swarming with a couple hundred undead.
Faced with a horde far beyond what any of them have expected, the other adventurers wrinkled their faces and cowered.
No, it’s not because they are scared.
It’s currently cloudy.
That said, even if it’s cloudy, there’s no need to fear fighting the undead in the middle of the day.
There’s no need, but…
“… S-Say… Can I go home?”
“Y-You can’t, Kazuma. I too really want to go home in the face of this stench, but I need to show off my cool side here. Afterwards, everyone will once again think that, yeah, the beautiful priest of Axel really is Aqua-sama after all.”
You say that again, but they never thought that of you in the first place.
The main problem is that it stinks.
It really stinks out here.
With this many zombies gathered in one spot, the foul odours they emit is the stuff of legends.
“Oh well, go get them, Aqua. If you charge right into them, the undead will all gather around you. Just get them all with a large area purification spell.”
“Eh!? I really don’t want to be surrounded by an undead horde this large…”
“Then, leave this to me…”
Looking at the hesitant Aqua, Megumin started chanting before Darkness grabbed her from behind.
“Right, Darkness, continue to hold Megumin down. We can’t have her blow away the entire cemetery with them. Now, Aqua, let’s go!”
All the adventurers apart from us were kept at bay by the horrendous odours, so no one approached the horde of zombies.
Some of them were attacking from range with projectiles and magic, but those don’t seem to be particularly effective.
I grabbed onto Aqua and started closing the distance to that horde of zombies.
They should come charging at us once they spot us.
“Hey- Darkness, please let go of me! It would feel really amazing to fire an Explosion right into that horde! At this rate, Aqua would just purify them all! My Explosion will properly take care of them!”
“You’ll properly take care of the entire cemetery too! As a Crusader, there’s no way I’ll just stand by and let you destroy the cemetery!”
As Megumin and Darkness argued behind me, Aqua and I steadily got closer to the zombie horde.
Trusting in Aqua’s abilities as an Archpriest, the other adventurers backed me up, swinging their weapons around in the general direction of the horde.
But in the face of that provocation and Aqua’s special trait of attracting undead…
“… Huh?”
“… They aren’t coming towards me at all.”
The undead horde only retaliated against the adventurers who were attacking them.
“What, could it be that your slim glimmer of divinity has finally gone out?”
“Do you want me to deliver divine punishment upon you, you shitty NEET!? You’ll definitely fall to hell after you die!”
I mentioned offhandedly, and Aqua snapped back.
“If I fall to hell, I’ll just have a party with Vanir and the others.”
“Why do you have such a disgustingly large network!? How vexing!”
After saying that, Aqua finally got to work.
She might act this way, but she’s still technically a goddess.
I like to call her the goddess of toilets or party goddess and such, but her abilities are top notch.
Just hearing her start chanting is enough to put a relieved expression on the surrounding adventurers.
And then, when she finished chanting,
“Turn undead!”
Along with Aqua’s voice, the entire cemetery was bathed in a soft light originating from Aqua.
The undead that came into contact with that light…
“Huh?”
Aqua and I said at the same time.
The undead didn’t seem to be affected by that light at all.
They must have taken that light as an attack.
All of them turned their attention towards Aqua…
“HAAAAAH!? Aqua, isn’t dealing with undead is your only strong point!? D-Do something about this!”
“This is strange! This is really strange! Huh? These guys might not be undead after all! I’ve never seen red-eyed zombies before! And, wait, Kazuma, why are you distancing yourself from me!? Aren’t we party members? Aren’t we friends!?”
Aqua grabbed onto my clothes with a death grip as I tried to escape.
After seeing Aqua’s attacks bounce off, the adventurers who were calmly watching from the sidelines started panicking too.
Just then,
“Turn Undead!”
Serena’s voice echoed throughout the area.
At the same time, a shockwave-like wind expanded from her.
The horde of undead collapsed like puppets with their strings cut the moment they came into contact with the shockwave.
“Ooooh!”
The adventurers on the sidelines let out a cheer.
The large horde of undead that were clogging up the cemetery were reduced to unmoving corpses with a single spell.
ーThe extermination quest ended up being over in a snap.
The guild expected it to take the better part of the day, so they didn’t make any preparations for any other extermination requests today.
Thus, all the adventurers essentially had nothing to do after noon.
And, those people who received an unexpected day off…
“Oh, my, you’re really amazing. Would you like to join our party? We do have an advanced class amongst us. Just the one, though.”
“No, no, join my party! Our party has quite a few accomplishments, you know!?”
“Please join our party! Our party is all female, so you can put your mind at ease!”
“… No, um… I have my sights set on joining Kazuma-sama’s party, so…”
At the centre of the guild, a somewhat troubled looking Serena is being surrounded by pretty much all the adventurers.
Why did Serena’s spell work on those zombies while Aqua’s failed to affect them?
It’s still a mystery to me now, but I know one thing for sure…
“Now, now, I’ll throw this pinecone into that cup on the table. Then, from the cup…”
“You know, I don’t think your tricks would really work right now.”
Aqua was setting up some kind of party trick, but everyone was too busy welcoming Serena to even give her the time of day.
“… From the cup… high quality matsutake mushrooms will… shoot up … ”
Her voice steadily grew smaller.
“… one after another… They’ll grow from the cup…”
Getting absolutely no attention from anyone, Aqua gloomily threw the pinecone into the cup.
And from the cup grew…
“… Hey, how did you do that? Having freshly grown matsutake mushrooms growing in this season is really odd. And there’s even a second and third shoot…”
After grabbing the first mushroom that grew from the cup, a second and third one quickly sprouted out to replace it, but…
Aqua wordlessly flopped onto the table and stopped moving entirely.
Megumin gently patted Aqua on the head.
Darkness was standing next to the table with her hand against her chin, seemingly deep in thought.
“ーStill, is this really okay, Serena-san? This extermination was pretty much handled entirely by you alone, so giving up all of the rewards to spread amongst ourselves…”
A certain adventurer is saying that to Serena.
“I’m clergy. As long as I have enough to pay for food and shelter, that’s more than enough.”
Watching Serena say that with a smile, the adventurers let out a sigh.
A beautiful lady with a great figure, a great personality and high skills as a priest.
“… …”
I looked away from Serena to Aqua, still motionlessly flopped over the table.
“… Hey, you’re losing, you know? Is that really okay?”
“…… Leave me alone. I’m the goddess of a minor cult. It’s fine if I can’t become a major goddess, I’ll just look over those who worship me fervently. That delinquent Dust said it earlier, didn’t he? That’ll he is on my side? There might not be many of them, but there are people who’re supporting me. That’s why I don’t feel like I lost…”
“I thought you were different from the moment I laid eyes on you! Unlike a certain disappointing Archpriest, you truly are a wonderful person! Especially how you don’t lust after money!”
The voice of a certain delinquent could be heard by Serena’s side.
Being always troubled by matters of money, he seemed to have completely defected over side after receiving a large payout.
“… He’s saying that sort of things, you know?”
“… Say, Kazuma-san… Kazuma-san, you’ll always be on my side, right?”
Aqua started softly sniffling.
It’s been quite some time since Serena came to this town.
“Serena-san, I got a couple of scrapes while out on a subjugation quest. Could you heal it?”
“Sure, that’s not a problem. Could you show me the wound?”
“Serena-san, please do me next!”
“Serena-san is like a real goddess!”
Inside the bar of the adventurer’s guild.
Wounded adventurers gathered around the table that has more or less been given over to Serena.
“This is so vexing…”
Aqua, who entered the staff section of the receptionist table without permission, poked her head out from behind the counter.
“Aqua-san, it’s quite troubling for you to keep coming over here…”
The receptionist onee-san warned, but Aqua didn’t react at all.
The other staff members looked over to me, silently pleading for me to do something.
“… Aqua, you’re in the way over there, and I’m pretty sure everyone’s already noticed you, so come on out already.”
“… How dare that woman steal away my popularity. It should’ve been me who is getting fawned over by the adventurers as the goddess of healing.”
ーHave you actually done anything like that in the past?
Darkness said she had something to look into and vanished early this morning together with Megumin.
And it’s not just today. They’ve been doing this ever since Serena arrived in this town.
As for me, I was ambushed by Aqua while lazing around the mansion and got forcibly dragged along…
“You know, you’re not going to find a weakness to exploit no matter how long you spend stalking her, so let’s just go home and sleep.”
Well, in short, that’s why she’s here.
Despite by exasperation, Aqua stubbornly refused to step out from behind the counter.
”No way. In the first place, she really grates on me. She’s way too perfect. She’s beautiful with a great body, charitable personality, and kind to everyone. And she’s a pretty powerful priest on top of that. She’s way too perfect. Yeah, it’s like she’s on the same level of perfect as me or Eris.”
“I’m not going to dignify that.”
I looked over to Serena as she treated the adventurers.
When she noticed my gaze, Serena returned with a smile and a cheery wave.
The adventurers crowded around her patiently waited in line for their turn.
Actually, most of them barely had anything more serious than scratches, and some of them were even just here as fans.
“Hey, Kazuma, I have something to ask of you.”
Aqua suddenly said, standing up from the counter.
She then thrust her finger at me.
“Could you prick my finger with your dagger? I’m going to go get treated by her.”
“…You can heal it yourself, can’t you? What, you going to go pick a fight? You really shouldn’t. At the end of the day, she’s very highly regarded amongst the adventurers right now. If you do anything untoward to her, you’ll be making an enemy out of the entire guild.”
I tried to warn Aqua, but she wouldn’t have any of it.
With her finger still pointed directly at my face, I reluctantly took out my dagger…
“… Hey, you were the one who came up with this, so stop moving your finger.”
“It’s still scary. It’s might not be much, but it’s still my own blood. Make sure you just prick it a little. Just a little.”
Aqua’s finger was wriggling all over the place as she tried to dodge my dagger.
Perhaps to calm her own nerves, she grabbed her right hand with her left and steadied her finger.
Just why is she going so far, I wonder? Carefully, I brought my dagger to her fingertip…
“Oh, my finger has disappeared~! Which one are you supposed to stab, I wonder?”
Aqua cheerfully said that and covered her finger just before my dagger made contact.
I wordlessly shoved the tip of my dagger into her hand.
“…! …!”
Aqua recoiled, covering the wound with her hand, barely making a sound due to the pain.
“There, now get going.”
At my words, Aqua glared at me through tearful eyes before lumbering over to Serena.
ーAs she went, for some strange reason, Aqua began stumbling and moving strangely.
It felt a little like she was pretending to be drunk.
Then, as she approached the adventurer at the front of the line,
“Sorry. As you can see, I’m heavily injured… Could you let a weak and injured young girl go first?”
Wait, so she was trying to act the part of a heavily wounded person?
The adventurer being addressed turned and frowned.
“No, wait, you can heal your wounds by… Okay, I get it. I get it, so stop threatening me with those weird movements!”
He fearfully said before giving up his spot to Aqua.
“Please wait a moment.”
The adventurer was stopped by Serena.
And Serena stared at Aqua…
“I don’t know why you won’t just heal your wounds yourself, but… But aren’t you a priest? Healing the wounds of others is supposed to be your job, so what are you trying to do by pushing someone else aside so you could be healed first? Don’t you think that’s not something a priest should do?”
“…I do…”
Serena launched into a lecture, and Aqua obediently agreed.
Of course, there’s no way she can argue against that.
“I’m not saying that I won’t heal you just because you are a priest, but everyone else is suffering too. So, please properly follow the line, okay?”
“Yes. I’m sorry.”
After apologizing to the adventurer, Aqua obediently went over to the end of the line.
… Seriously, how’s a goddess getting lectured by a priest?
After a short time, it finally became Aqua’s turn.
She took at seat in front of Serena and showed her the wound on her right hand.
“Sensei, a passing shitty NEET dealt a serious wound on me. Can you heal it? Or am I going to die from this wound?”
Serena took that hand into her own and let out a small chuckle.
“It’s just a small scratch. I’ll heal it right away… Heal!… There, now it’s fine…”
As she removed her hand, Aqua’s wound was still bleeding without any sign of being healed at all.
“…!?”
Serena seemed taken back upon seeing it, and Aqua started crying.
Well, I say that, but it’s fairly obvious that she’s forcing herself.
“Sensei, am I really going to die? Is it a wound that even you can’t heal? Or are you not healing me because you dislike me? Just what is happening, Sensei!?”
It seems like she’s resisting Serena’s healing magic.
Yeah, come to think of it, she did the same thing to Wiz back when I was trying to get her to teach me Drain Touch.
If she was able to resist a Lich’s skill, a simple priest would be easily…
“Heal! Heal! What’s going on? It isn’t taking effect…”
“Sensei, why aren’t you healing me? Don’t tell me, you’re not healing me because you’re afraid that I might usurp your popularity and reputation as the number one priest in this guild!? Or can you not heal me because you suck? Aaa…! I’m going to die at this rate! The wound will get infected and I’ll die…! Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san! This woman won’t heal me!”
After she shouted my name across the entire guild, I had no choice but to approach her.
In the first place, poisons won’t work on you, and any germs would get purified upon touching you.
I’d really like to say that to her, but I kept that in my heart.
“If I die, please build me a grave that suppasses even the pyramids in the center of town. Please put all of the treasures in my room that Kazuma has been treating like trash within it. Emperor Zell will be its guardian, and prepare delicious drinks and snacks three times a day in front of it. On the gravestone, write here lies the great-”
I lightly smacked that stupid head that was loudly spouting stupid things with the pommel of my dagger.
“I’ll write here lies a great idiot. Sorry, Serena-san. Come on, let’s go.”
“…! …!”
I dragged Aqua who was rolling around in pain by the back of her collar and moved to leave.
The gazes of the adventurers around me really hurt.
This is so embarrassing.
Just then-
“Um… Kazuma-sama, there’s something important I’d like to tell you, so may I have a moment of your time?”
Serena called out to me.
Hearing that, Aqua casted heal upon her wound and her head and angrily stood up.
“Hey, give it a rest already! You’re being very persistent to our Kazuma-san! Just stealing the position of the number one beautiful priest in the guild isn’t enough for you, now you want to take away Kazuma-san with your erotic charms too!? Our Kazuma-san is a weak-willed man who’ll easily fall if a girl younger than him were to call him onii-chan, so would you please stop that?”
“Right, get over here, I’ll teach you a lesson.”
Just as I was about to drag Aqua away from the guild, one of the adventurers suddenly said,
“The number one beautiful priest in the guild…”
”Pfft!”
“Who was the one who laughed just now? I can hear you from over here, so come on out! Ah, weren’t you the one I revived some time ago!? If you’re going to laugh, then pay up! Resurrection is originally a super high level spell that demands a large remuneration, so pay up!”
“Hey, it wasn’t me! I didn’t laugh… Hey, don’t put your finger into my beer, Aqua-san… Wait, this is just water! Why did you use my beer for a trick!?”
“It’s not a trick, it’s a property of my body! Fine, I understand you all now! Even after all the support magic and healing and resurrections I provided when you guys were hunting those strong monsters and high bounty targets! Fine, as payment, I’ll turn all the beer in this place into water!”
“Please stop, Aqua-san. If you do that, the guild will be the one most troubled! Please, stop!”
The guild staff and adventurers hastily moved to stop Aqua before she could stick her hand into the wine barrels.
In the midst of that chaos,
“Should we go somewhere else, Kazuma-sama? It’s a little too noisy here. If possible, I would prefer a less crowded place…”
Serena said with a small chuckle, ignoring the current chaos in the guild.
And that concludes Volume 14. That was a wild ride, wasn’t it? There are still a few short stories left, fortunately unlike the Dust volumes, I managed to get my hands on all three of them this time, so they’ll be coming up over the next few weeks at the same timeslot.
As usual, I’ll be taking a short break to work on my next project, which will be the translation of the third Dust spinoff, Bestowing the Starry Sky upon this Dreaming Princess, which features princess Iris rather prominently. Assuming nothing goes wrong, the prologue should be up on the 26th of October. Of course, backers to my patreon will be able to view them one week earlier.
See you then!
“You know, I’ve had this on my mind for some time now, but maybe monsters aren’t born ferocious. They simply have no choice but to become ferocious to survive in this harsh world.”
Yunyun mused in front of the potted plant at Megumin’s house.
Yes, the very same pot that the Tranquility Girl is planted in.
“Yeah… We’re taught that monsters are enemies of humanity that must be eradicated, but looking at her, it’s really hard to believe that…”
Megumin let out a gentle smile as the Tranquility Girl happily laughed while waving at the sun.
Just then, Aqua, who was watering the girl, said,
“Well said, you two. Just look at that innocent smile. My all seeing eyes do declare that she’s definitely a pure girl.”
“… Hearing your assurances just makes her seem more suspicious.”
As Aqua and I were talking, the potted plant reached out towards Yunyun.
As her hand wrapped around Yunyun’s outstretched finger, the seedling broke out into a laugh.
“Aqua-san, I’ve decided. I’ll take care of this girl. No, I’ll adopt this girl as my own. She’ll become the next chief after me.”
“Are you even listening to yourself? I’m making fertilizer for her out of today’s leftovers, so lend me a hand.”
“Me too! I’ll go make some more clean water!”
Saying that, the three of them left the scene, leaving me and the seedling alone.
I moved to pat the head of the doll-sized girl with my finger.
“… To think I’d end up taking care of a Tranquility Girl… We’ll be planting you in the depths of the forests near the village, so take care. You won’t be able to get nourishment from humans, but I’m sure you’ll manage somehow…”
“Like heck I will.”
… …
“What did you just say?”
I definitely heard that.
Narrowing my eyes, I questioned the seedling.
But the seedling simply laughed as if nothing happened.
“… You said something really bad just now, right? Hey, say something.”
“Tsk.”
… …
“Hey, Kazuma, I heard this from the villagers. Apparently the northeastern part of the forest sees the least human activity, so… W-What are you doing!?”
“Let go, Darkness! I’m going uproot this thing and burn it!”
“What are you saying!? Aqua will cry!”
Due to Darkness appearing at the worst possible moment, I couldn’t go through with my plans of taking care of things on the spot.
“Listen to me, Darkness. This girl really is evil from the moment it’s sown. She said some really dangerous words and even knows how to click her tongue.”
“… Kazuma, I know you’re still guarded against the Tranquility Girl, but think about it. It has barely been two weeks since this girl sprouted. Even a human baby wouldn’t be able to speak yet, and in any case it’s way too early for her to be learning words.”
“But I heard it! It definitely said ‘Like heck I will.’ and clicked her tongue on top of that!”
“What’s all this fuss about? What’s that about clicking your tongue?”
“I wonder what we should name her… Her skin is white, so how about… Shiro-chan?”
Just then, Megumin and Yunyun came back carrying a plate of crushed vegetable scraps.
“Hey, Megumin, listen to this! That seedling spoke and even clicked her tongue!”
In response, the three of them gave me a worried look.
“Um… Kazuma-san, from a biological standpoint, a creature this small wouldn’t have developed the proper brain structure to memorize words…”
“What are you saying in a world where vegetables jump and fly around? Hey, why don’t you say something again!?”
Their gazes turned sour as I addressed the seedling once more.
“She’s a girl who’s received pure holy water, you know? Seriously, Kazuma-san, what are you doing? No matter how cute she is, pulling this sort of prank is a little…”
“Don’t get the wrong idea! This girl spoke and clicked her tongue! Why won’t any of you believe me!?”
Aqua gently placed her hand upon my shoulder.
“Kazuma… You must be tired from waking up early after getting used to sleeping in. It’s fine, just take a rest until evening.”
“Don’t you gave me that look too! Dammit, it’s all because of you that everyone is treating me like I’m crazy!”
As I started lecturing the seedling, I could feel everyone else inching away from me and quietly whispering amongst themselves.
Occasionally, I would hear words like hospital and strange behavior and the like. Certainly nothing that would inspire confidence.
… Fine, don’t blame me if anything bad happens.
Just then.
“What is going on, Nii-chan?”
Just as I was about to give up, Komekko curiously wandered over.
“Oh, Komekko… No, it’s just, this seedling has a bad attitude, but no one believes me.”
I was a little worried that Komekko would end up giving me the same look that Megumin and the others are, but she simply drew closer to the seedling.
“… Looks tasty.”
“Eep!”
… Even in a different world, children are just as cruel as ever.
After coming to the Crimson Demon Village, I’ve had nothing but time on my hands.
There really isn’t much to do in a small village out in the countryside.
Aqua and Darkness ran off somewhere, and Megumin left Komekko in my care before busying herself with housework.
And thus, Komekko and I ended up playing in the backyard.
“ーーRight , come play with onii-chan.”
“I got it. Nee-chan told me to play with nii-chan too.”
That girl… she better remember this.
… Oh, I thought of something. This will be extremely effective on a siscon like her.
I took out the snacks that I brought along as a gift.
“Hey, Komekko, between me and Megumin, who do you like the most? I’ll give you this snack if you-”
“I like nii-chan more than nee-chan.”
Seeing Komekko snatch away the snack without a second thought, I briefly wondered if this is really okay.
“A-Ah, nevermind. Repeat what you just told me to Megumin when she comes back later, and I’ll give you another snack.”
“Okay!”
Good girl.
While hiding a snicker, I squatted down to Komekko’s height.
“Now, then, what shall we play? House? Tag?”
“Devil summoning.”
… Is this why they’re called Crimson Demons?
“Yeah, let’s leave that till you’re older, okay? Komekko is a Crimson Demon, so it’d be a real headache if you actually end up calling a real devil.”
“Okay. I got scolded by a small goblin when I summoned him without an offering.”
“Megumin! Megumin! Come over here, quick!”
I yelled out in the direction of the house.
“ーーSeriously, what’s the matter? I told you to keep Komekko company while I was handling housework, didn’t I?”
Megumin ran over while wiping her hands on her apron.
“Now’s not the time to be doing that. Your sister did something really amazing. Hey, Komekko, tell Megumin what you just told me.”
“I like nii-chan more than nee-chan.”
“What are you saying!? Komekko, I’ll apologize if I did anything bad! It really hurts, so please cut it out!”
No, not that line.
“I said it, so give me another snack.”
“Kazuma, I’d like to have a word with you, so please come with me.”
“That’s not it! I mean, I did tell her to say that to you in return for a snack, but that’s not why I called you here. Your sister has summoned a devil!”
I hastily explained while handing the snack over to Komekko.
In response, Megumin simply sighed.
“That’s something that every Crimson Demon does at some point. I used to perform the ritual to summon the God of Destruction when I was a kid.”
“Don’t say that with such a nostalgic expression! … Wait, what!? So, you’re saying it’s fine!? But Komekko was saying something about a small goblin…”
Perhaps finding my panicked demeanor amusing, Megumin let out a small chuckle.
“Summoning devils requires an extremely difficult and delicate ritual. On top of that, even if one has the talent to be a devil summoner, it would take at least a decade of hard work to summon even an imp, the weakest type of devil.”
“Seriously?”
But if that’s the case, what Komekko was talking about…?
“Plus, even if the ritual does succeed, a goblin isn’t a devil, so there’s no way it’d be summoned. Komekko, you shouldn’t tease him too much, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Right then, I’ll get back to the housework. Please play with each other, alright?”
After patting Komekko on the head, Megumin went back into the house.
… So she was just teasing me…
I thought that I just ran into yet another troublesome incident, but I guess it was just my imagination.
Seriously, these two sisters keep throwing me for a loop.
“See, your sister got angry because you said such things. It’s a little hypocritical coming from me, but lying is bad, okay?”
“I didn’t lie.”
Her stubbornness is just like that of her sister’s.
“But Megumin just said it, didn’t she? You can’t summon a goblin with a summoning ritual.”
“But it came out. I gave it the shell of a cicada as an offering, but it just scolded me. ‘Don’t call upon me without a proper offering. I’ll let you off this time, so don’t do it again.’ it said.”
… …
That bad feeling came back.
“Say, can you describe that goblin to me?”
Just in case, I confirmed with Komekko…
“It was really small and black, and had claws, wings, and a tail.”
“Megumin! Come over here, quick!”
As I was wandering around the Crimson Demon Village, I stumbled upon Aqua shadowboxing.
“… What are you doing?”
“Ah, Kazuma, what a coincidence. I ran into a beautiful onee-san a while ago who said ‘Considering you’re friends of Megumin, allow me to offer you a little warning. Wind… Darkness… And a divine light… please remember these words.’ before disappearing right in front of me. I don’t get what she said at all, so I’ve been keeping guard here to prevent her from escaping.”
That’s the same technique the Crimson Demons showed us the last time they were here where they used light refraction magic to make us think that they’ve teleported.
“Sacred Break Spell!”
“!?”
As Aqua chanted the spell, the sound of someone gasping in surprise and rolling out of the way could be heard in response.
“See, you heard that, right? That surprised noise when I pretended to cast my magic?”
“I-I kinda feel sorry for her, so cut that out…”
Just then.
“I just took my eyes off you two for a moment and you’re causing trouble again…”
“Umm, don’t bully my clansmen too much.”
Darkness and Megumin stumbled upon us.
“Hey, Darkness, there should be a pretty onee-san hiding around there, so please search and catch her for me. I want to ask her what she meant earlier.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll do that for you-”
Darkness grabbed my collar before I could get to work.
“Darkness, please keep a firm grasp on that man. Aqua, it’s a common tradition to tell tourists some mysterious phrases before disappearing. There’s no particular deeper meaning, so please let her go.”
What an annoying tradition.
“By the way, what are the two of you doing? Taking a walk?”
“No, we are… Rather than explaining, it’d be easier to just show you.”
Megumin pointed into the distance.
“Yo, the one with azure lightning behind her! Good morning. So you’ve come back from Axel?”
“Roaring Thunder Yunyun! Good morning. How’s the outside world? Has it changed much?”
“A-Ah, good morning! Good morning! It doesn’t seem to have changed very much!”
Standing right there was Yunyun who was being greeted by the passing Crimson Demons.
Probably being embarrassed by being addressed with those titles, Yunyun’s face was bright red and tears clung to the sides of her eyes.
“Kazuma, what are your thoughts after seeing that?”
“It feels like Yunyun is being bullied.”
In response to my honest answer, Megumin frowned.
“No, seriously, please look at Yunyun being surrounded by everyone.”
I took another look…
“Oh, Yunyun, that azure lightning is glowing brightly behind you today too!”
“Roaring Thunder Yunyun, have you put on some weight lately? It feels like you’ve gained a bit of flesh…”
“Please stop calling me by that name! And I didn’t get fat, I just grew up!”
… …
“So, what do you think after seeing her with that smug looking frown while everyone fawns over her and calls her by her title!?”
“I-Is that so? She doesn’t seem to be enjoying it to me…”
Seemingly at her limits, Megumin walked over to Yunyun at the center of that crowd.
“Yunyun, you sure seem elated to have everyone address you with such a cool title.”
“What are you saying!? Do I look happy right now!? Are your eyes made out of glass!?”
“They are the same red ones that you have!”
Seeing the sudden appearance of a rabid dog, the Crimson Demons who were crowded around Yunyun quickly dispersed.
“… Ah, I see, that’s how it is. Megumin sure can’t be honest. Despite what she says, she still headed out there to help Yunyun when she’s suffering under those embarrassing nicknames…”
Darkness nodded as she looked upon the two and smiled warmly…
“Megumin, you had a title back in Axel too!”
“I couldn’t care less for an embarrassing title like that! One with azure lightning behind her back, exchange nicknames with me!”
… …
“Do you really believe that?”
“… Maybe not…”
At a place far away from Axel.
“I don’t like my current title, but the title that you have is…”
“Fine, I’ll challenge you! If I win, I’ll be taking your title for my own!”
A very familiar scene and is taking placeーー
“Sorry, I don’t want your title, so I’ll pass on this challenge…”
“W-What!? Yet you were the one who keeps badgering me to accept your challenges!”
It was a normal day in this peaceful, uneventful town.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, pass the soy sauce.”
“Here.”
Unlike Megumin and Darkness who woke up early in the morning, Aqua and I were helping ourselves to a late breakfast.
Upon receiving the bottle, she said thanks and proceeded to—
“Hey, you just touched the soy sauce, didn’t you?”
“No I didn’t.”
This girl has about a one in five chance of purifying the bottle of soy sauce whenever she handles it.
“Then go ahead and spread it on your meal. It isn’t water, so it won’t ruin the taste, right?”
“… Say, Kazuma, why are you being so harsh? We’ve been together for quite some time, haven’t we? So you must know what is going on, right?”
With a gentle smile, I pushed the plate of grilled fish to Aqua.
“You keep saying that you didn’t purify the seasonings every time it happens, right? So go ahead. Pour some soy sauce on this fish and dig in.”
“Oh, fine, I’ll do it! What’s the big deal, I just changed a little of the soy sauce to water! Thinning the sauce a little will surely make it more delicious!”
Aqua tipped the bottle over and poured a stream of water onto the plate.
“… Do you have anything to say?”
“… I’ll go buy more soy sauce later, so please pass me the salt…”
With a regretful expression, Aqua shook the salt shaker over her meal.
Just then.
“Ah! What are you doing!? That’s mine! Give it back, you beast!”
Chomusuke jumped onto the table and snatched her meal away.
The cat crawled to my feet to enjoy her meal. At the same time, Aqua rose to her feet and glared at it.
“… This thing really looks down on me. Move aside, Kazuma. It’s about time someone taught this evil black furball about the hierarchy in this house.”
“Oh come on, it’s just breakfast. Can’t you just enjoy your meal quietly…?”
Aqua furrowed her brow and pounced upon the cat.
“Ow! This horrible demonic beast! It actually dares to scar the flawless skin of a goddess! Fine, if that’s how you want to do… Hot!”
I can understand her cries of pain, but hot?
I was a little curious, but I ignored the grown girl having a deathmatch with a cat and continued eating…
“Kazuma! Kazuma! This demonic beast just breathed fire!”
“Hey, cut it out! Don’t shake me while I’m drinking soup! Besides, didn’t I already say it in the past? That cat can breath fire and uses it to cook her fish.”
Perhaps spooked by Chomusuke, Aqua quickly distanced herself.
“I knew it. I always knew this thing wasn’t an ordinary cat from the moment I saw it, but… Oh, I see it! I see it now! I see its true form!”
So you finally realized it.
Glancing over while finishing my meal, I saw Aqua staring intently at the cat.
“Your true form is… Yes, a really devil-like form! Hey, let me sniff you! Don’t think you can mask the scent of devils from a goddess!”
She kept stealing glances at me while she said that. It seems like she’s not completely confident in her deduction.
“I don’t have full confidence in her identity either, so go figure that out by yourself.”
“… Well, it doesn’t really reek like a devil… Why does a cat have the smell of soap on it? Come on, I’ll give that fish to you, so tell me your true identity. I’ll keep it a secret.”
Aqua crouched before Chomusuke as she dug into the fish and asked with a straight face.
“Hey, if you mess with her too much while she’s eating, she’ll get angry—”
“Waaaah! Stop! Stop! I get it! I get it! I won’t pester you about your identity, so don’t scratch up my precious hagoromo!”
Looking at Chomusuke attacking Aqua after she ignored my warnings, I let out a contented sigh.
“… It’s so peaceful…”
“What do you mean by peaceful, you shitty NEET! I’ll give you some of my side dishes during dinner, so hurry up and stop this thing!”
A Demon King’s General and a Dark Priest, Celestina.
She’s an opponent that far outclasses a NEET-turned-adventurer like me.
Right now, I’m standing over her in a deserted alley, where she’s crouching after Wiz exposed her identity and Vanir fleeced her off all her money.
Source @CGtranslations.me
—Serena looked up at me, pointed her index and middle finger at me and opened and closed them repeatedly.
When I replied with a puzzled look, she angrily snapped.
“Tobacco. I’m talking about tobacco. Someone with such a bad reputation as you must have some of that on hand, right? Come on, give me some. I haven’t had the chance to smoke ever since I came to this town.”
“N-No, I don’t have any.”
What even passes for cigarettes in this world?
They probably don’t have any disposable ones wrapped in paper, so perhaps she’s talking about a pipe?
No, wait, this woman is a punk?
As a former hikikomori, I subconsciously started speaking in a polite manner when confronted like that.
I get along just fine with Dust and his friends, so I wonder why only she causes this kind of reaction in me.
Hearing my reply, Serena looked down and irritatedly scratched at her head.
There’s not a single trace of her prim and proper demeanour left.
Eventually, she heaved a big sigh.
“I guess there’s no point in trying to keep the act up… I’m Celestina, the Demon King’s General in charge of schemes and infiltration, and a Dark Priest that follows the Dark Goddess of Puppetry and Vengeance, Regina.”
“So you actually call your own goddess a Dark Goddess. I would’ve thought those of the cloth would treat their own god as absolute and decry all the others as heretics.”
The moment I said that, Serena’s face instantly shot up.
Her expression was completely different than what she had before, a cold and expressionless mask like that of a doll’s.
She’s quite beautiful, but seeing her look at me with such a mask sent a chill down my spine.
… I let my guard down because Wiz and Vanir were here, but now that I think about it, I’m alone, without any proper equipment, and standing in a secluded alley with a Demon King’s General.
Isn’t this really bad?
“My goddess is the patron of vengeance and puppets, you know? What else can she be other than a Dark Goddess?”
She showed me a gentle smile, one at complete odds with her rough tone.
Her smile seemed artificial yet carefully crafted, resembling ones that you’d see on a doll.
As expected from a follower of the Goddess of Puppetry.
It gives off a gentle allure when she’s saying her usual kind words, but it couldn’t be more out of place in this situation.
This situation where she could kill me any time she pleases.
My heart was pumping wildly, but I did my best not to let it show.
“… Puppetry. Don’t tell me, the zombies at that graveyard that were immune to Turn Undead were…”
“Oh, yes, that was all me. Those weren’t zombies, they were simply corpses animated by the power of the Dark Goddess. It was really hard to set all of that up. I had to dig up all the corpses one by one in the middle of the night and put them under my control. When the priests in town found themselves helpless, I would come in and handily take care of all of them… It’s a good technique to use to gain the trust of all the adventurers in a city in one fell swoop.”
This girl really is rotten.
No, perhaps I should say, as expected of a General of the Demon King’s army.
“… Then, all those things you said earlier about the Demon King being a girl and the curse and whatnot is…”
“Huh? What, you actually believed that? I tell that story to every skilled adventurer that seems like they’d be a threat to the Demon King. The curse afflicting the girl will eventually wear off and the Demon King will disappear, so peace will return to the world even if they don’t risk their lives fighting the Demon King. Most of them give up after hearing such a story. Everyone values their own hide, after all. If you give them an excuse that makes risking their lives unnecessary, they’ll happily take it and be on their way.”
This girl really plays dirty.
There would also be those who’d stay their hand upon learning that the Demon King was originally a young girl.
As expected of the Demon King’s General in charge of schemes, she really is cunning.
I would like to take back those passionate feelings I felt when I first heard that story.
“But, why are you telling all of that to me? Sure, your identity was revealed thanks to Wiz and Vanir, but showing your entire hand like this is a little…”
Serena replied without her smile faltering in the slightest.
“I just thought that rather than pile on more lies and put us both on guard, it’d be better to tell you the truth and come to an arrangement… I’ve been observing your conduct and actions these past few days, but I still have absolutely no idea why the Demon King considers you a threat… I’m just going to lay it out plainly, you’re a NEET who dislikes hard work.”
“Yep, that’s me.”
I instantly replied.
“You have no intentions of risking your life to defeat the Demon King for the sake of humanity, right?”
“Not at all.”
Yet another instant reply.
“… If you hear that someone you never knew living at someplace you’ve never been has been suffering under the Demon King, what would you think?”
“I’d send them my condolences…”
I flippantly answered while picking my ear.
“…”
Serena stared at me with that expressionless mask of hers.
… She’s expressionless, but for some reason I get the feeling that she’s looking down on me.
Back when I was living in Japan, I never felt any righteous indignation or call to action whenever someone brought up unfortunate children or similar topics.
Even if I was a billionaire back then, I probably wouldn’t have spared a thought about helping unfortunate children I’ve never met living on the far side of the world.
I’m not some kind of fiend or anything, I’m just a regular Japanese person.
… I think…
… Probably…
“… Umm, I’m pretty sure most people would give similar responses, so can you please stop looking at me like that?”
“Eh? A-Aaah, sorry. There have been people who’ve given me similar replies, but this is the first time someone has answered instantly without even the slightest hint of hesitation, so…”
She sounded slightly flustered, but her expression didn’t change at all.
“… I was ordered by the Demon King to investigate this town where several Demon King’s Generals went missing, and the man whose name kept cropping up in relation to them, but… At the end of it all, the man who’s at the center of everything is you. Leaving that aside…”
“Wait, hold on a minute, being described as the man at the center of it all doesn’t sit well with me. If anything, I’m the one who’s constantly getting caught up in such matters.”
“Indeed. Leaving that aside, I’ve gotten a firm understanding of your personality.”
Saying that, Serena smiled.
“Satou Kazuma, the Demon King’s Army would like to offer you a deal.”
“Oh?”
Serena stooped lower to the ground.
“Thanks to a certain person, the war between the Demon King and humanity that’s been at a stalemate for quite some time has started shifting again. After losing so many Generals, the barrier around the Demon King’s castle is on the verge of collapsing.”
“Oh ho? Could that certain person be referring to me?”
“… Yes, it is referring to you. Why do you seem so smug? Don’t get ahead of yourself.”
Serena averted her eyes, but, yeah, I’ve become quite manly, haven’t I?
“I see, so it seems like the Demon King is in quite a pinch right now. If the barrier were to fall, the famously combative Crimson Demons will launch constant teleport raids on the castle.”
“True, we aren’t in a very good position right now, but that’s the same for humanity, no?”
… Hmm?
“In the past, strong people with strange names and a disregard for common sense would constantly appear in this world. Those people caused us a lot of pain. However… I think it was around the time our fortune teller detected a strange presence in this town? Well, for whatever reason, those hero candidates have completely stopped showing up.”
Hero candidates with strange names and a disregard for common sense most likely refers to the people like me who are transported here from Japan.
And for those guys to have completely stopped showing up…
Source @CGtranslations.me
Ah.
Source @CGtranslations.me
“… What’s wrong? It feels like you’ve come to some sort of realization… Why are you all shaken up? … Well, whatever. Anyway, we would like to strike a deal with you.”
I have an inkling of the reason why new cheat wielders have stopped appearing in this world.
Isn’t it because I brought Aqua to this world?
No no, her job should’ve been taken over by that replacement angel.
She looks pretty capable, so she should have a good handle on things.
I told myself that this has nothing to do with me to calm myself down and maintain my composure.
“W-What kind of deal?”
“Your voice is cracking, you know? Seriously, what’s wrong?”
Even though Serena seemed concerned about me, she continued.
“You should join the Demon King’s Army.”
She said that in the same manner one would use to invite a fellow classmate to an after-school club.
“… … … … Huh?”
What did she just say?
“Don’t give me that. I’m asking you to join the Demon King’s Army… You are our kind of people. I know that very well.”
Hey, don’t screw with me.
“Don’t misunderstand me. Sure, as you’ve most likely already known, people in general call me a brute and scum and NEET and lolicon and such, but—”
“This is the first time I’m hearing about the lolicon bit.”
Ignoring Serena’s words, I straightened up and raised my fist.
“True, as a human I might have more bad qualities than good ones… Indeed, I have more than enough money for my needs, any indecent desires I have can be satisfied through that shop, and I have affectionate companions that fawn all over me. I would like to be pampered while living an easy life. One where I occasionally splurge on useless expensive things and occasionally book out the tavern for a whole day and trouble everyone…”
“You’re even worse of a human than I thought…”
I grew more and more passionate as I continued.
“But even I have a small amount of compassion and a sense of justice. I don’t care if someone I don’t know is suffering in a place I’ve never been to, but I’m not so scummy that I’d ignore someone asking for aid right in front of me. … I understand why you might want my power on your side. I understand, but I have no intention of turning upon the people who’ve taken care of me all this while.”
“… No, it’s not like we want you because of your strength…”
… …
“What, aren’t you afraid of my full power and would rather have me as your friend instead?”
“Not at all. The truth is I’d rather keep you as far away from me as possible, but, like I’ve said earlier, those people with strange names have stopped appearing.”
She suddenly stood up and brought her face inches away from mine.
“There’s a persistent rumour about these people with funny names. That they are chosen by the gods or some such.”
That’s exactly the case.
… I won’t confirm it for her, of course.
“But then, those people who were constantly popping up like weeds suddenly stopped appearing after you showed up. It’s almost as if the gods are saying that you alone would be enough. Even the Demon King thought that you might be the descendant of some legendary hero or the other that shows up in the fairy tales.”
At the same time I brought Aqua to this world, the cheat wielders stopped showing up, and my name kept cropping up in the incidents relating to the defeat of the Demon King’s Generals.
Indeed, this would cause anyone to sit up and take notice.
What an annoying misunderstanding.
“I don’t have the strength or force of will to survive in a place surrounded by monsters like the Demon King’s castle. Please tell Demon King-san that I’m not that amazing of a person. Getting involved in the vanquishing of your Generals is just a stroke of luck. I just happen to have really amazing luck. Apart from that, I’m a weakling with the weakest job, Adventurer. Having you treat me like an enemy really scares me, so please stop. Please relay that to him.”
Hearing my words, Serena let out a bitter laugh.
“… Yeah, I thought so. I’ve confirmed that after seeing you in person. The only person who wanted you to join us is the Demon King, and I do think that he’s worrying too much… But is this okay? There’d be quite a few benefits for you if you were to join us… Ah, yes, you’re a virgin, no? If you join us, you’ll be able to indulge in all your wildest sexual desires. Incidentally, most female demons have really hot bodies.”
“… … … … I-I’m not going. If it was me from a few months ago, I probably would’ve been convinced, but right now, I’m in my popular period. Such cheap benefits wouldn’t sway me.”
“Why are you so restless?”
As expected of a Demon King’s General. What a terrifying negotiation technique.
Anyone without a will of steel like me would’ve fallen right away.
“… Well, it’s fine. I’ll tell the Demon King that you’re a small fry too insignificant to bother with. He’ll probably stop keeping his eye on you after that. I’ll also arrange for him to tell his underlings not to lay a hand on you.”
“Thank you very much!”
“S-Sure… In return, keep my identity a secret, even to your companions. Don’t interfere with my business in this town. And, as for my two colleagues… Don’t tell them about what I’ve been up to. Especially Wiz. … Those are the conditions of my deal.”
I hesitated for an instant.
“… Tsk, I don’t have a choice. My conscience and sense of justice are yelling at me to punch you, but the town would be in big trouble if we clashed against each other directly…”
“Yeah, yeah, you can drop that now. So I take it we have a deal? It’s good that you’re a sensible person.”
Saying that, she patted her butt and turned to leave…
“… Ah, sorry, but… Can you lend me some money?”
Wordlessly, I handed some money to the Demon King’s General who just got fleeced by her colleague.
“You owe me one.”
“… Gurk…”
—As I was making my way back after parting ways with Serena.
My head was swirling with thoughts of the future.
“Still, even if she’s a Demon King’s General…”
I do feel a little like I betrayed humanity as a whole, but with this, my safety is assured.
As an adventurer that fights with monsters, it’s not like I hold no regrets at all, but there’s not a whole lot I can accomplish by picking a fight right there.
Sure, technically I’m involved in the destruction of several of the Generals, but to be honest, I mostly contributed by giving instructions to others.
Like in Beldia’s case. Aqua was the one who weakened him before I stole his head away.
Vanir was taken out by Megumin’s Explosion.
Against Hans, Aqua purified the hot springs while Darkness protected her, and Megumin once again blew him up with her spell.
As for Sylvia, he actually ended up getting a power boost thanks to my actions…
And Wolbach was pretty much all Megumin…
All of those incidents ended well, but there was probably nothing I could’ve done if I faced them alone.
If I had rejected that deal back then, it would’ve immediately turned into a fight…
Challenging a Demon King’s General head on would undoubtedly result in my swift and sudden demise.
I’m nothing but a simple small fry. Just escaping the Demon King’s notice is good enough for me.
Source @CGtranslations.me
“I’m home!”
While my head was filled with such thoughts, I absentmindedly opened the door to the mansion…
“Waaaaaah! Waaaaaah!”
“There, there, please stop crying. Kazuma should be coming back… Ah, Kazuma, welcome back. You came in at just the right time.”
I stepped right back out and closed the front door.
The door flew open with a bang.
“Hey, don’t pretend you didn’t see this! This is a really serious matter!”
Hearing Darkness’s words gave me nothing but bad premonitions, but I tentatively asked.
“… So what happened this time?”
Aqua was curled up in a fetal position on the sofa in the main hall and crying up a storm, clearly in no position to answer any questions.
In her place, Megumin heaved a deep sigh and said.
“… Apparently, she caused some kind of ruckus in the guild and was thrown out by the adventurers… I don’t know exactly what she did, but it seems like Aqua is barred from entering the guild for a while.”
… Did she actually end up turning all the wine in the guild to water?
“Megumin and I came back to the mansion after investigating that woman and found her crying with an invoice in her hand.”
That must be the bill for all the wine she turned into water.
… Investigating?
“Are you investigating Serena? Is that why you two have been spending all your time out lately?”
Darkness excitedly replied.
“Exactly! Listen to this, Kazuma, something’s really odd about that woman! Someone skilled enough to take out an undead horde that large should be a fairly famous priest, but when I went all over searching for more info… there isn’t even a single rumour in any of the cities I contacted about a priest named Serena!”
After Darkness, Megumin, while patting Aqua on the head, continued.
“… On top of that, according to the guild staff, that woman has never once claimed a reward from the guild. No matter how saintly of a priest she is, this is way too absurd. You need to present your adventurer’s card in order to claim a reward… So we were thinking that perhaps there is a reason why she can’t show others her card.”
… These girls. They normally only ever get up to stupid things, but for some reason, they just have to be really sharp in this instance.
“If only you could demonstrate such competence every day… That being said, don’t look any further into her. We’ve reached an agreement. Serena will no longer approach us or badger me to let her into the party.”
In response to my words, Megumin and Darkness gave each other puzzled looks.
The next day.
“It’s a really fresh feeling for just the two of us to be out together. Still, what business do you have at the guild? Are we going to get lunch at the tavern?”
Darkness and I were headed to the guild.
Megumin was still playing babysitter for Aqua who has holed herself inside the mansion.
Plus, if things really take a turn for the worst, she wouldn’t be able to cast Explosion in the middle of town.
That’s why I brought Darkness along, but…
“… Why are you dressed like that?”
Instead of wearing any sort of armour, Darkness was wearing a very upper class seeming dress that I almost never see her wear.
Instead of her usual straight skirt that’s easy to move around in, she’s wearing a white frilly dress with a matching set of elbow gloves.
In her hands was not a weapon, but a parasol.
“… What are you saying? You were the one who invited me. Everyone in this town already knows about my identity, so there’s no need to go out of my way to hide it.”
Darkness answered, her face blushing as she looked down at the ground.
“… Well, I guess it’s fine.”
It’s not like we’ll get into a fight the moment we see each other or anything.
<Thanks to Kasen for the coloured insert art.>
… Indeed, I’m heading out to observe Serena’s actions.
With Darkness’s strong sense of justice, she’ll probably kick up a fuss if she learnt that I struck a deal with a Demon King’s General, so I kept it a secret from her.
Similarly, Aqua would probably head right out to pick a fight with her if she knew she was a Demon King’s General, so I kept it a secret from her as well.
And telling Megumin is out of the question.
Striking a deal with the Demon King in order to guarantee my safety.
Even I think that’s low, but if Serena too were to be taken out after coming to this town, the Demon King will definitely take action.
This is not just for my sake.
If it comes down to that, the entire town itself might be at risk.
Serena said not to interfere with her business in this town.
That one line piqued my interest, so I headed off to the guild to investigate, but…
“Not many people have heard the name of the Goddess Regina, but her power is the real thing. Any number of your wishes may be granted with her power.”
“Is that true!? Will she allow me to get a boyfriend!? I don’t have much choice but to sleep in the stables, but whenever I confess to a man that isn’t an adventurer, they would say ’The smell of horse dung is a little… ’ and reject me!”
“That can be accomplished. Bring me the hair of the man in your heart. With the aid of Regina-sama, I will make a charm that helps him return your feelings.”
“Serena-san! Me too! Please make one of those charms for me too!”
“Hey, don’t cut in line! I was here first!”
A massive ruckus greeted me from the moment I entered the guild.
… What’s with this commotion?
Serena has pretty much become the face of the guild. She was seated at a table at the center, and the adventurers were crowded all around her.
She addressed the concerns of one adventurer after another with a gentle smile plastered unfalteringly on her face.
“Come, no problem is too small or worry too insignificant. I shall hear you out. That is the duty of a priest, after all…”
“… U-Um…! I have trouble making friends in this town…! I came back to this town with my best friend, but she has been quite busy lately… A f-friend…! I want a friend with whom I can eat dinner with! I don’t want to eat alone anymore…!”
“Er, well, even with the aid of the great Regina-sama, I’m not sure what I can…”
“… Is that so… I’m sorry…”
Serena is acting like the perfect exemplar of a priest.
Apart from a certain lonely Crimson Demon who left in low spirits, most of the other adventurers had their problems resolved one after another.
“Hey, Kazuma, what’s going on? Don’t tell me, the reason you invited me to the guild is because of that woman…!”
Darkness said uneasily as she repeatedly tapped me on the shoulder.
“… ? Yeah, I’m here to investigate Serena. I’m a little curious as to what she’s up to.”
“Y-You…! You said you reached an agreement with her! You were the one who told us not to look any further into her! I even… I-I even dressed up like this…”
Darkness gradually deflated as she continued.
… …
“… Did you think I was inviting you out on a date or something?”
“N-No…! N-N-Not at…!”
Darkness blushed deeply and panicked, destroying any of her attempts at denying it.
At the same time, Serena stood up and made ‘come over here’ motions at me.
Shortly after, Serena moved over to a corner of the guild.
Perhaps being considerate of us, the other adventurers started milling around, leaving me and Serena alone in the corner.
“It doesn’t seem like you’ve spoken about me to anyone. Just a fair warning, this is also for their benefit. I might not be particularly combat focused, but I’m still a Demon King’s General. The Dark Goddess Regina is the patron of puppetry and vengeance. If I were to die, not only the person who killed me, but people in the general area would be struck by a powerful curse. At a guess, I’d say perhaps half the town would be wiped out.”
Serena narrowed her eyes as she started, but her smile didn’t falter at all.
Her expression remained the same as she drew closer.
“There are a lot of different types of curses. Ones that render body parts useless, ones that petrify, and even some that are far crueler. If someone other than you finds out about my true identity, I’ll probably have no choice but to defend myself. In that case, there are bound to be a lot of casualties. You should think deeply on that if you ever think of breaking our deal.”
I wonder why this girl is telling me all of her secrets.
… Wouldn’t just saying that you’ll be cursed if she dies do the trick?
Simply saying that would’ve made anyone hesitant to kill her.
Perhaps my thoughts showed up on my face, as Serena thrusted her finger out at me.
“Go ahead and stab my finger with your dagger. Ah, but don’t stab too deep now.”
…?
“What are you saying? I can’t do that in front everyone. What are you, Aqua?”
Saying that, instead of using a dagger, I pricked Serena’s hand with a toothpick from one of the tables instead.
“!?”
The same instant I pricked her with the toothpick, I felt a stabbing pain on my finger as well.
Looking down, I noticed a small bubble of blood forming on my right finger.
It’s the exact same place I prodded Serena at.
I see, that’s why Regina’s called the Goddess of Vengeance.
“… Do you understand now?”
“… This town is like my sanctuary of sorts. I won’t make an enemy of you. I don’t know exactly what you’re planning, but would you stop scheming in this town and go back to the Demon King’s castle?”
In response, Serena merely gave me that same smile.
With a sigh, I left her side and returned to the table that Darkness was sitting at.
“Sorry to keep you waiting, Darkness…”
“Ojou-sama! Lalatina ojou-sama, what’s with your outfit!? What’s with your maiden-like outfit, ojou-sama!? It looks really cute!”
“Lalatina-chan, your frills are really cute! Don’t hide your face, let me have a good look!”
“Hey, ojou-sama, why are you blushing? Come on, strut your stuff!”
Darkness, dressed in her frilly one piece dress, was blushing all the way to her ears as she covered her face in her hands, her shoulders shaking.
The usual adventurers were gathered around her and teasing her.
“Hey, don’t bully our ojou-sama! She’s not a display piece! Shoo, Shoo!”
Even as I chased away the adventurers, what Serena was planning weighed heavily on the back of my mind.
“Hey, I’ve heard that Serena-sama’s holding a sermon! Get a move on!”
“It’s this way! You’ll miss out on seeing Serena-sama’s esteemed face if you don’t hurry!”
It’s been a few days since we had that chat.
Aqua’s ban on entering the guild has since been lifted, but now, there’s something very odd with the town.
“Over here! Over here! Serena-sama’s about to start! Hurry up!”
“H-Hey, wait up! Why are all of you acting so odd? Serena-sama this and Serena-sama that… Isn’t she just a priest?”
The name on everyone’s lips was Serena-sama.
In the blink of an eye, everyone’s started looking up to that Demon King’s General as though she’s a saint.
“… What exactly happened to this town in the few days since I was sealed away in the mansion?”
“What do you mean sealed, you hikikomori? While you were cooped up at home, Serena has become the idol of this town.”
I told off Aqua who finally came out of the mansion and was surprised at the state of the town.
“… That woman really smells fishy. Well, since Kazuma told me not to go after her, I’ll leave it as it is.”
Megumin, trailing behind Aqua and me, muttered.
“… Well, her acts are praiseworthy, at the very least… It’s a little odd for me to be saying this, but the way she seems to have no human failings at all doesn’t quite sit well with me. Still, since Kazuma said that, I too will leave things be. At the end of the day, I always treat your warnings seriously. I won’t ignore your words and head off to do my own thing anymore.”
And Darkness said that almost immediately after Megumin did.
… My chest hurts for some reason.
I wonder what they’ll think of me if they know that I made a deal with a Demon King’s General to keep her identity secret.
Will they look at me with contempt?
Will they punch me?
Sure, I made that deal to protect my hide, but it’s also for their safety as well.
Especially Aqua. If she learns that Aqua’s an actual goddess, there’s no way the Demon King will stand idly by.
Yes, keeping my nose out of her business is for the best.
With the three of them in tow, I headed down the street towards the guild…
“Serena-sama! Serena-sama!”
“Serena-sama, please, please grant my wish!”
“Yes, yes, there’s no need to rush. Please line up orderly…! Regina-sama can grant any number of your wishes, and of course, there’s no need for any payment. Now, please.”
“Thank you very much, Serena-sama! The truth is…”
… The street ahead of us is filled with a crowd of people. And right at the center of it all is Serena.
It almost looked like a popular idol being cheered on by her enthusiastic fans.
Seeing that, Aqua snuck away and hid behind me.
Seems like getting repeatedly overwhelmed by Serena has taken its toll on Aqua, giving her an instinctive aversion to her.
Serena met my gaze and gave me a slight bow of acknowledgement.
Just then.
“Serena-sama! Please, this guy got heavily wounded during an extermination quest…! It’s a pretty serious wound! Can you please help him!?”
A band of adventurers appeared near the town gates.
Two of them were carrying a third upon an improvised stretcher.
He must have taken quite a serious wound. His eyes were lifeless and his breathing was ragged.
And, in a voice almost too soft to be audible, he muttered.
“… —Qua… Aqua… Nee-chan… please…”
I wasn’t the only one who heard that voice. It seems like Aqua heard it too.
“I’m right over here! Leave it to me, you’ll be completely fine in an instant!”
Perhaps overjoyed that she’s being relied upon, Aqua happily rushed over to the injured person.
—Only to find her path blocked by the crowd around Serena.
Source @CGtranslations.me
“Ah, what are you doing!? You’re in the way! Do you want a taste of my God Blow!? If I don’t heal him quickly…”
As Aqua angrily protested, Serena crouched down next to the injured adventurer.
“Heal! Heal! Heal!”
As Serena repeatedly casted heal, that adventurer’s wounds rapidly faded away.
It wasn’t long before the light returned to the man’s eyes.
“… T… T-T… Thank you very much, Serena-sama…!”
The man who was calling for Aqua just a short while ago was breathlessly thanking Serena while tears flowed down his cheeks.
What’s with that?
Healing wounds with magic is an everyday occurrence for us adventurers.
Normally, just having your wounds healed isn’t enough to make an adventurer break out in tears and start attaching -sama to their healer’s name
Aqua even revived several adventurers, and no one treated her with anywhere near the same amount of reverence.
Sure, it’s normal to be thankful, but those are all adventurers who put their lives on the line to go up against monsters.
Healing wounds is the job of priests, just like how it’s the job of the vanguard to stay out front and protect the priests from harm.
It’s a symbiotic relationship.
Priests can’t take down monsters by themselves, and on the other side, the simple presence of a Priest in the party makes a great difference in their survival rate.
In other words, Serena is simply doing her job as a priest.
Of course, it’s natural to offer thanks.
But that…
As I was thinking that, Aqua casually wandered over to that adventurer and placed a hand on him.
His life threatening wounds may have closed, but he was still sporting a few scratches here and there.
It seems like fully healing him is outside of Serena’s power.
Aqua must have moved to heal him up.
But.
The hand Aqua offered was brushed away.
And not by anyone else, but by the very adventurer she tried to heal.
“Ah…”
Aqua let out a soft gasp of surprise.
“I want to be healed by Serena. There’s no need for you to do anything, so please get away from me.”
The man said directly to Aqua’s face.
Aqua plodded back towards us with drooped shoulders.
Seeing her so depressed gave me an unpleasant feeling in the pit of my stomach.
Something feels very wrong about today’s incident.
Megumin and Darkness were looking at Serena and the surroundings with a complicated expression.
Serena had her usual carefully crafted smile plastered across her face.
This is Axel. The town of beginners filled with nothing but weaklings. Why would a Demon King’s General be doing this all the way out here?
And what exactly is she planning?
It’d be far easier to come up with a countermeasure if her plans were more easily understood.
Normally, I would’ve just pretended I didn’t see it and moved on with my life.
But, for some reason, I have a really unpleasant feeling in the pit of my stomach.
It’s like this combination of irritation and impatience… I can’t really describe it too well.
The crowd surrounding Serena were enamoured with her to a degree that defied common sense. The priest only appeared in this town a short time ago. It’s almost as if they were under some sort of spell.
The Goddess Regina is said to be the Goddess of Puppetry and Vengeance.
… I only have my suspicions to go on, but could this be the power of puppetry?
As I was thinking that, Aqua, who finally made it back to us, looked enviously towards the crowd surrounding Serena before depressedly turning her back on it…
It’s been quite some time since we started living in this town.
Even Aqua who was treated as a troublemaker has become a sort of mascot of the guild.
She would head over to the guild to drink up with familiar adventurers whenever she’s free, but now even those adventurers wouldn’t give her the time of day.
… She was a person who would cause all kinds of trouble the moment I take my eyes of her and leave me to clean up after her. A handful of a goddess.
She never listens to a word I say, and would do that exact thing I tell her not to. A Goddess that is more associated with public entertainers than any sort of divinity.
She who possessed not a shred of cuteness nor holiness, a Goddess in name only.
A goddess who sent me to this world only to force upon me a life of hardship.
Someone who caused me no end of irritation every day, and the one who’s been with me the longest in this world—
… Ah, god dammit!
Seeing Aqua all depressed and completely unlike her usual bubbly self really doesn’t sit well with me!
She’s the only girl who doesn’t cause any feelings in me as a member of the opposite sex.
Whenever she gets into trouble, it’s just her reaping what she’s sown, so I never paid much thought to it, nor did it elicit any particular feelings in me.
So, what exactly is this clawing feeling in the pit of my stomach?
… Dammit, should I ignore our deal and start moving against her?
But, she’s a General who came to investigate this town on the Demon King’s orders.
If she doesn’t make it back safely, I’ll definitely be targeted by the Demon King.
Me, who almost pees his pants just by getting close to a thug with a scary face.
If I get targeted by the Demon King…
—Just then…
Someone tapped me on the shoulder.
“… Kazuma, I don’t know what’s going on, or what exactly you’re troubled over right now, but it’s something you decided for everyone’s sakes, right? Then isn’t it fine? No matter what you choose, it always works out in the end.”
What Megumin said not only didn’t help any, it actually intensified what I was feeling.
“… Indeed. I’m sure you thought hard about it before telling us not to get involved with her. That’s why… Just do as you wish so that you won’t have any regrets.”
Knowing Serena’s true identity, Darkness’s words only made things worse.
That said, Serena had the power of Vengeance.
Killing her would bestow a curse upon the surrounding area, but perhaps Aqua would be able to do something about that?
No, no, I can’t be hasty. This isn’t something I can just brush away if it doesn’t work out. It’s too dangerous of a bet to take.
Well, at the end of the day, she’s still a human, so could I ambush her with a Bind and drag her off to a dungeon somewhere and deal with her there?
No, no, she’s a Demon King’s General and a Dark Priest on top of that. She might be able to dispel the Bind even after she’s been captured, just like Aqua did in the past.
… Ah, dammit! I can’t consult with anyone about this either, so what should I do!?
Perhaps I’ll break my promise and consult with Wiz and Vanir?
But if Serena finds out…
—Just then, unaware of my inner turmoil, Serena walked over to us with a smile on her face.
Seeing that, Aqua jumped up with a start and hid behind me.
Surrounded by her followers, Serena moved to pass me by the streets.
Just as she crossed my path, she stopped for a moment.
And in a voice just loud enough to be heard by me.
“You remember our deal, yes? I hope you remember the kind of disaster that would befall this town if you break it. … Though.”
She let out a small laugh.
“You seem to be making quite the anguished expression. … Ah, yes, I still owe you a bit of gold, don’t I? … Hmm, if you attempt to challenge me alone without the aid of Wiz or Vanir or revealing my identity to anyone else… Yes, if you do that, I shall face you as a Demon King’s General without taking the inhabitants of this town hostage. … But you’re very similar to us. A coward and a realist, one who can weigh the pros and cons. I trust you won’t do something so foolish.”
Almost as if she was taunting me, she left one final line before moving on.
“Now, my debt to you is cleared.”
Argh, this really makes me sick.
I’m not some hero of justice or anything. Of course, I value my life the most.
But at the end of the day, I know the people in this town.
… No, wait. Don’t be hasty, think about this.
If I do try and pull something here, in the worst case scenario, the entire town might end up in a pinch.
But, wait, isn’t this town already in quite a bad situation?
The thing that disgusts me most is that I’m the only one who knows her true identity and can’t tell anyone else about it.
Ah, dammit! Why exactly…!
Why am I the only one who has to shoulder the fate of this town!? Why do I have to think so hard about his!?
—Suddenly, I felt Megumin’s hand on my right fist that was clenched so tightly that it has gone completely rigid.
She was staring straight at me, so I thought that she was going to say something, but…
“… W-What?”
“… … ”
Megumin continued to wordlessly stare at me.
At that point, I felt something touch my left hand too.
“… You too? What do you want?”
“… … ”
Turning back, I saw Darkness holding onto my left hand.
“What’s up with you two? If you want to say something, just say it.”
… Well, after being together for so long, I’m sure they can tell that I’m hiding something.
They might have even figured out that there’s a reason why I couldn’t tell them about it.
… Maybe I should just go for it.
Come to think of it, I’ve tangled with plenty of strong foes in the past.
Those all happened as a result of some kind of circumstances or just me getting caught up in things.
This is different. This would be me and me alone picking a fight with a Demon King’s General of my own free will.
Normally I had everyone with me, and even if the worst does happen, I had the insurance known as Aqua.
But if I were to challenge her by myself and get killed without anyone knowing…
Just thinking about it made my knees grow weak. This really isn’t like me at all.
It’s me. Me who has the weakest job picking a fight with a Demon King’s General all on my lonesome. Is it really fine to cross such a dangerous bridge because of a fleeting emotion?
Yeah, if I just turn a blind eye to this, I’ll be able to continue living a luxurious life, the same as before.
—Though, there is one thing.
There’s just the one thing that might be the impetus to kick me into action…
… …
“… What, you too? Seriously, say something already.”
I said to Aqua who started pulling on me by the hem of my clothes.
I really wish the three of them would stop silently judging me like that…
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san.”
Unlike the other two, Aqua softly spoke.
Turning around, the Aqua who’s normally all bubbly and to whom the word depressed seems to hold no sway over.
That girl who never thinks deeply and could scarcely be imagined to have any sort of worries.
Having her hand shoved away by that adventurer must have shaken her quite deeply.
She looked up at me through teary eyes, and in a voice that seemed on the verge of breaking into tears, said.
“… Does this town not need a goddess like me?”
… …
“Let go of me.”
I softly admonished the three of them who were holding onto me.
“Ah…”
Instead of complaining like she usually would, Aqua obediently let go of my shirt without a single word of protest.
Then, turning my back on Aqua who’s making an expression that reminded me too much of an abandoned dog, I said.
“Cast some support spells on me. Ones that increase my strength and speed.”
Aqua casted those spells without a single question.
I’m not looking at those three.
The only thing within my sights is a distant back slowly striding further and further away from me.
That’s why I don’t have even the slightest idea what kind of expressions those three are making.
“Hey, Aqua.”
“…? Yes?”
Taking my eyes away from Serena for a moment, I turned to face Aqua behind me.
“I’m probably about to take a whole lot of damage and get knocked out, so I’ll need you to heal me. Darkness, please take my unconscious body to the police station. Megumin, those people surrounding Serena right now will probably raise quite a fuss, so I’ll leave threa- soothing them to you.”
“W-What? Kazuma, what exactly are you saying!?”
“Wai-Kazuma, what are you planning to do!?”
After conveying my instructions, I kneeled and entered into a crouching start.
The only thing in front of me was Serena, her back turned upon us as she was leisurely walking away.
“Hey, Kazuma-san, what are you doing? I have a really bad feeling about this…”
Aqua was saying something, but that isn’t important right now.
“Hey, wait, Kazuma, what are you doing all of a sudden…! I know I said to do as you wish, but that woman is merely suspicious. She hasn’t actually broken the law, so don’t do anything vio—!”
Darkness was also saying something in a panic, but before she could finish, I, strengthened with Aqua’s support spells, sprinted towards Serena’s back.
“K-Kazuma, I don’t know what you are doing, but you are really cool right now! It really tickles my Crimson Demon heartstrings!”
My name is Satou Kazuma.
I’m a man who supports true gender equality, a man who wouldn’t hesitate to dropkick a woman in the face.
“Don’t encourage him, Megumin! Kazuma, wai—”
Leaving the voices of my comrades behind me, I sprinted full pelt towards Serena and shouted at her…
“Let’s both take a nap today! I’ll leave thinking about how to seriously get in your way for tomorrow!”
Serena turned around in surprise, only to be met by a full powered drop kick directly to her face.
A dimly lit room.
“… Don’t think you’ll be treated this cordially forever. I’ll ask again… Satou-dono, you dropkicked a passing priest who has done nothing to provoke you yesterday. Do you deny this?”
“I do not.”
Upon hearing my instant reply, one that I’ve repeated who knows how many times by now, a vein started twitching on the temple of the brown haired female knight seated opposite me.
“… Right, so you, upon seeing the back of the head of a passing priest, was seized with the uncontrollable urge to dropkick her. However, the priest detected your presence and turned around, causing you to kick her right in the face instead. In other words, you did it on a whim. Is that right?”
“That’s exactly the case.”
The pen the knight had in her hand snapped right in half.
“… That priest is the same person that Lady Dustiness asked me to thoroughly investigate a few days ago. Does that have anything to do with this matter?”
“It doesn’t… Probably…”
The knight threw away the remnants of the pen and slammed her hands on the table.
“You piece of shit, do you think I’m some sort of inept retard!? We have been looking into that priest too! Do you really think that excuse will work on me!?”
“S-Stop! Using violence during interrogations is against the law! Get me a lawyer! I can afford it, so get me a lawyer!”
I yelled as the knight grabbed me by my collar.
I wanted to get away, but right now, both my hands were chained together. All she had to do was pull on my chains to foil any attempts at such.
“Satou-dono, you’re speaking to a knight of Axel! One in charge of managing this police station! Naturally, I’m well aware of the odd atmosphere that has taken over this town as of late! You know something about this, right!? You might have a bad reputation, but even someone like you wouldn’t kick a woman for no reason! Considering your actions in the past, you must know something! Now, out with it! What are you hiding!? What is happening to this town!?”
“I-I know nothing! S-Stop! You’re a knight of a lower standing than house Dustiness, right!? I’ll tattle on you! I’ll tell Darkness that you did some unspeakable sexual things to me!”
“H-Hey, don’t fabricate things! In the first place, Lady Dustiness is well known for being just. I know she’s in the same party as you, but she wouldn’t unjustly exercise her power just because of that. Too bad for you! Just wait here, I’ll go fetch the lie detecting magic item!”
The knight looked down upon me with a smug smile as she confidently declared that.
D-Dammit!
“I-I beg your pardon!”
A voice called out from the other side of the door.
Without turning away from me, the knight said…
“What is it!? I’m busy right now! This man keeps replying with empty platitudes…!”
“Well… Lady Dustiness wants to see him…”
“!?”
The knight let go of my collar.
Source @CGtranslations.me
—This is the interrogation room at the town’s police station.
After kicking Serena in broad daylight, I lost consciousness and found myself detained here when I came to.
Seems like the damage I inflicted upon Serena really was completely mirrored back onto me.
Even though I felt a strong impact the moment my legs made contact, I don’t feel any pain or discomfort at all right now. Aqua must have healed me while I was out.
And that brings us to now.
Ever since I woke up, I’ve been interrogated by this knight who seems to be the one in charge of this police station…
“Why is Lady Dustiness here? Tell her that I shall see her after I find out what this man is hiding. Satou-dono is a fairly accomplished adventurer, so a stay in the detention cells should suffice. I shall give her a detailed report after I’m done.”
The knight said without turning around.
This isn’t good.
I can’t speak of Serena right now.
Especially not towards someone as hardheaded as her or Darkness.
I did ask Darkness to get me out of here, but we are talking about the same Darkness who dislikes injustice and abuse of power.
Telling her to get me out without even filling her in might be a little too much…
—Just as I was thinking that, the man on the other side of the door said in a troubled voice…
“T-That’s…”
“What’s the matter?”
The knight turned around with a puzzled expression, and standing next to the man was…
“My apologies, it’s me. I hope you don’t mind if I let myself in.”
The door opened an inch, and standing next to the man was Darkness.
As the man bowed and retreated, the knight gave Darkness a crisp salute.
Following that, I screamed.
“Lalatina-sama!”
“H-Hey, I told you not to call me Lalatina! … Ahem. My apologies. So, did you learn anything from him?”
Darkness was flustered for a moment, but quickly recovered her posture and asked the knight.
The knight, standing as stiff as a board, said.
“This man clearly knows something, but has told me nothing nothing but a stream of excuses like having struck her out of irritation or for fun… Please wait for a moment. I’ll rip out whatever it is that this man is hiding…!”
After hearing the knight’s formal reply, Darkness looked me right in the eyes.
“… Kazuma, is that woman’s secret something you can’t tell even me or Aqua or Megumin?”
I wordlessly nodded.
Seeing that, Darkness fell silent for a moment.
“… Is it bad if someone else knows about it? Are you saying to leave this incident to you? … If you can’t reply, it’s fine to remain silent.”
“… … ”
I wordlessly returned Darkness’s gaze.
With that, Darkness shifted her gaze from me towards the knight and awkwardly scratched her cheek.
“So, well… Could you let him off on my account? Considering his previous achievements, couldn’t you file this incident as a fight between two adventurers…? ”
“Huh? … Umm, well… Are you certain, Lady Dustiness? The other party didn’t lodge any reports, so there’s no issues with this, but… you who hates abusing your authority…”
The knight gazed between me and Darkness with a surprised look on her face.
Eventually, the knight handed the keys to my manacles over to Darkness.
In truth, I probably had the same expression as the knight right now.
She didn’t use her authority even when she was about to be married off to Alderp, but now she’s using it in this situation… She’s really changed.
Ignoring mine and the Knight’s gazes, Darkness said,
“Kazuma, you don’t have to say anything. I’ll leave this matter to you. However, I’ll handle the cleaning up… At least rely on me for that.”
“Dustiness-sama!”
“Hey, don’t grab onto me! I can’t unlock your chains if you move around that much!”
That hardheaded Darkness, that very same Darkness who went on about the law and what humans ought to do and such not too long ago…
Sure, she has been less willing to let her principles get in the way as of late, but still…
To think that she’d trust me enough that she’d do this for me.
Overcome with joy, I happily placed my wrist in front of her, and she unlocked them without any hesitation.
“U-Umm… Lady Dustiness, is your relationship with Satou-dono really that of simple party members…?”
Almost like she’s afraid to hear the answer, the knight hesitantly asked as she looked upon us with a dumbfounded expression.
Darkness blushed slightly, but managed to keep a straight face…
“… We’re just party members. Right, Kazuma?”
“… Well, I suppose.”
Hearing my reply, Darkness seemed relieved, but a hint of sadness flashed over her features for a moment.
The knight let out a relieved breath as well.
“Y-Yeah, of course… Lady Dustiness is like a dignified exemplar that all of us female knights look up to. There’s no way she could be together with such an infamous man, and a commoner on top of that… Yeah, of course, they’re just friends…”
… …
“Yes, indeed, we are just regular party mates. Party mates that take baths together and get into close contact in tight spaces. The kind of party mates where she asks me to remove her panties when she needs to use the toilet. What else? Oh, yeah, the kind where I’d sneak into her room in her mansion and push her down, and then she’d turn the tables and push me down. And there’s also that time where she tried to drug me to sleep. Yes, we’re just regular party mates.”
“!?”
“T-T-T-That’s no— That’s not true! I-It isn’t…”
The knight looked at us with a stunned expression, and Darkness was at a loss for words.
“Y-Y-You two are… !? It’s— It’s that, right? You’re companions, after all! That’s just fooling around and teasing each other, right, Lady Dustiness!?”
“Awawa! Y-Yes, it’s just like that! It’s just… like…”
The knight got really desperate for some reason, and Darkness awkwardly flailed around.
Looking at those two, I rubbed my wrist where the manacles were and said.
“Oh, yeah, we kissed.”
“!?”
The knight blushed and her jaw fell open.
And Darkness, blushing all the way to her ears, pressed her face against my back and slowly slid down.
—After getting released from the police station, I’m currently getting an earful from Darkness.
“… You-You really are— How could you!? What should I do? That will become a rumour amongst the other knights and nobles… I’m not helping you again if you get caught! … Actually, I can’t show my face around this place anymore…”
“But none of those things I said were lies.”
Darkness, still blushing, glared at me upon hearing my words.
That said, while she does seem a little troubled, it doesn’t seem like she’s particularly angry.
Judging that her mood isn’t that bad, I raised something with Darkness.
“Say, Darkness, can I ask you for a favour?”
“Now, there’s no need to be embarrassed. Tell me about what’s troubling you… Oh, my, if it isn’t Kazuma-sama.”
“Yo, Serena. There’s no need to attach -sama to my name, it just makes us sound distant. Just Kazuma is fine.”
At a corner of the guild, Serena was extending a helping hand towards another troubled adventurer.
As I appeared, Serena flashed me a warm and welcoming smile, one which I returned in kind.
The favour I asked of Darkness was to have Aqua put a barrier around the mansion and hole herself up inside together with Megumin and Aqua.
And also to inform them that I won’t be coming home for a while.
Serena spoke in a warm and welcoming manner, almost as if I never dropkicked her.
I too adopted the same jovial tone.
“You’re offering help to the troubled adventurers again, huh? It must be tough on you to do this every day. Do you want my help?”
“No, no, it wouldn’t do for me to take up the time of the busy Kazuma-sama. How about turning your strengths and efforts to getting rid of monsters instead?”
Despite our casual small talk, for some reason, the adventurers around us seemed quite on edge.
Most of the adventurers here were the same ones who saw me deliver a dropkick to Serena yesterday.
It must have seemed strange to them to see us chat away so casually after such an incident.
Despite her polite refusal, Serena still seemed to regard me with some degree of wariness as I sat at a table a short distance away from the crowd.
Eventually, she shook her head and turned back to the adventurer.
“… My apologies. Now then, why don’t you start by telling me about your troubles?”
The adventurer, who had been politely waiting while we had our little chat, hesitated for a moment before saying,
“Um… It just never goes well no matter how I confess. Whenever I get close to girls, they always say ‘You’re a pretty good person’. They always say that, but then when I ask them to go out with me, they always decline…”
That’s a pretty common story.
Serena gave the adventurer a gracious smile.
“Don’t you think being called a good person is the highest form of praise? Most other forms of charm and beauty fade away with time and age, but someone who’s beautiful on the inside will stand the test of time… Please continue being a good person. Being called as such by many people is quite charming on its own, don’t you think? It’s too soon for you to worry and despair over it. I’m certain the person who would fall in love with you would appear soon…”
Serena replied with some equally common platitudes.
It seems she can’t use the power of her goddess on every little problem that crops up.
The adventurer brightened up slightly.
“Y-Yes! I was feeling a little down since I kept getting rejected in the same way, but… thanks to you, I’ve cheered up a little. Serena-sama, thank you ver—”
“If he’s that charming, why don’t you just go out with him?”
Source @CGtranslations.me
Just before the adventurer could finish his words of gratitude.
My carefree words caused Serena and the crowd that surrounded her to stiffen up.
The adventurer who came to consult with her slowly turned around to face me.
His expression made me think that the thought hadn’t crossed his mind before, but he started entertaining it the moment I mentioned it.
I decided to help him on a whim.
Even I get in a mood where I want to help others from time to time.
Sure, people call me fiend and heartless and whatnot, but when someone is in trouble right in front of me…
“Serena even called you charming, you know? She went all the way out there to send those signals to you, so why the hell are you chickening out now!? The reason you’ve been rejected all this while is for this very moment!”
“Seriously!? Then… Serena-sama!”
“Y-You’re a good person, but, well…”
Hearing what Serena had to say even before he completed his confession, the adventurer let out an anguished squeal and moved to dash out…
I grabbed his hand before he could leave.
“Why are you giving up so easily!? Don’t just accept their words at face value! Women are complicated creatures! You need to learn how to read between the lines! Haven’t you heard of the term tsundere?”
“…… Tsun… Dere…?”
“U-Umm…”
As I started trying to convince the adventurer, Serena uneasily interjected, but I continued.
“Saying no even though they like you. Haven’t you heard of this famous term before?”
“I-I do know of that phrase! I see, read between the lines…”
“Wai—”
After receiving my encouragement, the adventurer tightly grabbed Serena’s hand.
“Serena-sama! I… I…!”
“W-Wait a minute! Please calm down…! Argh, you lit— K-Kazuma-sama!”
Ignoring Serena’s cries, I left the guild to think about what I can do to get in her way tomorrow.
It’s been a few days since I was released from the police station.
Serena, along with her usual crowd of hanger ons, warily gauged their surroundings before exiting a restaurant.
They’re probably on the look out for a certain someone who has been harassing her these past few days.
One of the adventurers from the crowd, who has become more like Serena’s personal bodyguard detail than anything else, leaned over and whispered something to her.
With my Lip Reading skill, it was easy to make out what he was saying.
“It’s alright, Serena-sama. There’s no one nearby.”
Observing Serena’s figure from behind, I muttered to myself.
“Wind, check. Distance, check. Angle, check.”
On a rooftop quite some distance away from the group, I ran down my short checklist.
Right now, I’m observing her through my Farsight skill while training my bow upon her.
It’d be hard for them to notice me from this distance.
Of course, Serena would know who exactly attacked her.
Even though I had my bow trained upon her head, if I let my arrow loose, I would instantly die along with her.
Not only that, but if what she said a few days ago was real, the people around her would be cursed as well.
Right now, Serena was gripping a cup of something she bought from the restaurant in her hand.
I don’t know exactly what’s inside, but it’s probably some cold juice or coffee or something.
… That’s just perfect.
The arrow I’m using has a rounded tip, so even if it does end up accidently hitting her somehow, it wouldn’t be lethal.
My goal right now isn’t to assassinate her.
Indeed, my goal is…
“Snipe!”
Along with a strong gust of wind, I let loose my arrow.
And the target of that arrow is…
“Gaaah! Dammit, so she was drinking hot coffee!?”
I rolled around on the roof in response to the sudden burning sensation that spread across my hand.
Observing Serena with Farsight, the cup in her hand had been split open by my arrow and she was hastily trying to shake away the coffee that covered her hand.
… Dammit, so this won’t work either.
Shaking my head, I got back to my feet and continued observing her.
—I figured out several things about Serena after harassing her for the past few days.
The first thing is that, even if you hurt her in an indirect fashion, that damage will still be reflected to you.
Just like in this incident. Even though I didn’t attack her directly, the burns caused by her spilled coffee were still transferred to me.
If an indirect attack would work, I’d have bought one of Wiz’s potions that exploded on impact and snuck it into her belongings…
Serena warily looked around as she healed her hand.
It’s doubtful that she’d be able to find me, but just to be safe, I activated my Lurk skill and changed locations.
—Another thing I’ve discovered about Serena’s powers.
“U-Um, Kazuma-san…? Err, I came with you because you said you wanted my help with something, but isn’t this against the law…?”
The rapid change in the behaviour of the adventurers is definitely related to her power in some way.
The adventurers who started addressing her as -sama still retain their own individuality.
The one thing they all have in common is that all those folks who basically revere her as a goddess now are those who have consulted with her before.
“Well, the act itself probably isn’t exactly praiseworthy, but… I’m begging you, Yunyun, I’m keeping this a secret from Megumin and the others. You’re the only one I can count on.”
“I’ll do it! Please let me do it! We are friends, after all! Leave it to me! You can rely on me for anything!”
Perhaps being happy to be relied upon, Yunyun enthusiastically nodded.
It’s midnight right now.
Despite my reckless request, Yunyun still agreed to go along with it.
Even though she consulted with Serena just like all those other adventurers who ended up as part of Serena’s entourage, Yunyun still retained her senses.
I wonder why Yunyun’s still fine even after consulting with the Priest that follows the Dark Goddess of Puppetry.
Right now, we are in front of a sturdy and windowless cottage that Serena was staying at.
Her followers erected this building to serve as her residence after she started getting attacked by a mysterious assailant.
I started preparing in front of the cottage.
I gave a small signal. Upon seeing it, Yunyun nodded and started softly chanting her spell.
A small shimmer fluttered around us, before fading away.
Yes, the spell I requested from Yunyun is the one the Crimson Demons are so fond of, the light refracting spell that made us invisible.
After casting it on us, Yunyun leaned over and softly whispered.
“Is this okay, Kazuma-san? All that’s left now is to cast Silence on the door, right? Actually, the town has been really weird as of late. Does it have anything to do with what you’re doing now, Kazuma-san?”
“Yeah, it does. What we’re doing now is very close to a criminal act, but this is all to save this town, so don’t worry. Ah, of course, I’ll have to ask you not to tell anyone about tonight.”
“… … Right.”
“Ah…”
Perhaps reminded that she doesn’t have anyone to tell tonight’s events to in the first place, Yunyun started slowly tearing up.
As I tried to comfort this lonely girl, I started making preparations to cast my spell as well.
I’ll probably end up using a lot of mana tonight.
That why I bought several manatites from Wiz’s shop.
The bigger and clearer these stones are, the more expensive they are and the more mana they contain. This time, I only brought a few mid grade manatites with me.
It’s quite cold around this time of year.
It probably won’t melt before morning.
I pointed my hand towards the door and—
—Dawn.
After a short nap, I returned to the cottage to check on my work.
“Huff! Huff!”
The sound of someone smacking against the door was mixed with the soft, somewhat urgent sounding cries of someone behind it.
“Serena-sama, we’ll do something about this ice soon, so please hold on for just a while more!”
“Argh! That’s why I said that a room at an inn with proper guards would be better! There would be a toilet attached too!”
“We can’t help it, we didn’t have the money! Serena-sama, please hold on for just a while longer! Hey, aren’t any of the adventurers who can use fire magic here yet!? What about hot water!? Or at least get a hammer or something to break through!”
“A hammer wouldn’t work on this! Some twisted guy sprayed the entire house with water before freezing it, so the entire thing is frozen solid! Ahh, what should we do…!?”
With the aid of Yunyun’s invisibility spell, I spent the entire night using Create Water and Freeze to encase the door of the cottage in a solid block of ice.
Still, I haven’t gotten a clue as to what Serena’s true goals are.
Why would she travel all the way to this town of beginners to get more followers through her powers of puppetry? What purpose would that serve?
My mind filled with such thoughts as I casually observed the adventurers work themselves into a panic from afar and dug into the cup of shaved ice I bought on the way.
—A few more days have passed since then.
I made contact with Darkness, but apart from Megumin repeatedly trying to cast Explosion in the skies above town and Aqua complaining incessantly over being unable to go out, there didn’t seem to be any issues.
I was a little worried that Serena might snap and target the mansion or them, but it seems like she’s still putting on a tough front.
Though, her mask has been cracking a lot recently.
It seems like those rumours I spread about her a few days back did get to her.
With those thoughts in mind, I busied myself with preparing my next trick.
“S-S-So this is where you were, Kazuma-sama. I-I’ve been searching… wanting to meet with you.”
Suddenly, I heard a polite-seeming voice that was only just barely able to conceal her anger from behind me.
I turned around and cordially smiled.
“Yo, if it isn’t Serena. It’s been some time. What’s wrong? You’re scaring the people around you with that face of yours, you know?”
Right now, we are in the backyard of the inn that I’m currently using as my base.
Normally, the adventurers who slept in the stables would use this place to sharpen their weapons and tend to their armour and such, but for some reason, right now, I’m the only one here.
Serena put on an obviously forced smile in response to my greeting.
“Yes, it has been some time, Kazuma-sama… May I ask what are you doing there?”
She warily asked upon sighting the item in my hand.
“Do you know of the balloons that they are selling at Wiz’s magic item shop? This is called a water balloon. It’s an item that expands upon being filled with water. Right now, instead of water, I’m filling it with a mixture of paint and starch—”
“Hey cut it…! I don’t know what you intend to do with that, but if you’re planning on playing some kind of prank with it, then I won’t stand idly by.”
Saying that, Serena took a step back.
At the same time, a few of the adventurers surrounding her stepped forward.
“… Hey, what are you trying to do?”
“You are asking me that? … I’m almost at my limits. These people are almost completely under my control. If I order them to kill you, they’ll do it without blinking an eye… I really underestimated you. To think that just you alone could really push me to this level…! Yeah, you really had your fun, didn’t you!?”
This ain’t good.
Right now, the only people around here are us.
Serena was smiling, but that smile didn’t reach her eyes.
Crap, I might have went a little too far.
However…
“Hey, you were the one who told me to challenge you alone. I boldly rose up to your challenge, and now you, a Demon King’s General, is attacking me, the one with the weakest class, with numbers on your side. Don’t you think it’s unfa—”
“Shut the fuck up!!”
Serena interrupted me with a sudden outburst.
“How dare you! You sure enjoyed yourself spreading all those rumours about me, didn’t you!?”
She glared at me with bloodshot eyes.
“H-Hey, wait! As promised, I didn’t tell anyone about your true identity, so those rumours that I paid the blonde-haired delinquent to spread shouldn’t matter—”
“As if! Of all things, you had to spread the rumour that I’m actually a man! You even mixed in bits of truth like how my voice occasionally breaks…! Thanks to you, several people even asked me about it directly! There were even a few who said they’d prefer it if I was a man… Just what is wrong with this town!? You bastard… I’ll fucking kill you!”
She started waving her hands and chanting…
Noticing an old man passing by, I hastily interjected.
“Hey, someone’s watching!”
“Kcht…! G-Good morning. The weather is quite nice today, isn’t it?”
“Oh, Serena-san. Good morning. Yes, the weather is pretty good today.”
As expected of the much revered Serena-sama.
It seems like she’s familiar with that man.
As Serena started making small talk with that man, the adventurers around her stared blankly into space.
Well, this ain’t good. A Demon King’s General snapped.
She’s the general in charge of schemes and whatnot, so I expected her to go about things in a more roundabout way, but to think that she’d demonstrate her power in the middle of the town… What should I do?
Fighting her and her puppeted entourage head on.
No, that’s impossible. Most likely, I wouldn’t last a full minute.
Serena seems to be wrapping up her conversation, and the man seems like he’s about to make his leave.
“Then, allow me to cast a spell of protection on you for your safe journey…”
“Ah, thank you very much.”
Should I make a run for the police station?
No, I might have the Escape skill, but if Serena casts her buffs on the adventurers surrounding her, it’s not impossible for them to catch up to me.
Just then, Serena raised both hands to her chest and took up a pose like she was offering a prayer.
I knew a chance when I saw one.
“Then, safe journeys upon yo—”
“Wind Breath!”
Just as Serena was casting her spell on the passerby.
I thrust my hand towards the ground directly beneath her feet and unleashed a strong gust of air from it.
As I did so, her robe flew all the way up to her head, and she, with her hands around her chest, could do nothing to stop that.
I’m really lucky that she’s wearing her usual mature-seeming long skirt.
After confirming that her robe was fully above her head, I took out my wire from my pocket and aimed at her torso.
“Bind!”
“Wha—”
A muffled voice sounded out from within the robe.
With my Bind, I’ve secured her robe over her head.
Normally, this skill would only be useful for buying time, but in this case…!
“Serena-sama!”
“Se-Serena-sama is—!”
“Serena-sama is all bundled up!?”
Seeing Serena bundled up with nothing between her waist and her ankles but a set of panties seem to have momentarily jolted the adventurers back to their senses.
“Aahh, thank the gods. What a divinely shaped ass…”
The person Serena was talking to fell to his knees in awe and stared intently at her panties.
“Hey, wait, sto—!”
Serena struggled within her robes, but the wire I used was the mithril wire I commissioned for use against monstrous targets.
She might be a Demon King’s General, but she’s still a human. It’s not something she can struggle her way out of.
“Aah! Serena-sama… Serena-sama’s ass is in broad daylight…”
“Hey! Hide it! Form a wall! Hide her from view!”
“T-To think that Serena-sama wears black panties… I need to remember this…”
Despite having mostly returned to their senses, the adventurers around Serena still formed a circle around her to hide her from view.
It doesn’t seem like Serena’s strong enough to dispel my Bind like Aqua.
An angry-sounding voice emerged from underneath the robe. It seems like she’s no longer able to maintain her facade.
“Damn you Satou Kazuma! Don’t think you’ll get away with this! Once I get out of here…!”
Well, I don’t know what will happen once she does, so to buy myself a little bit more time, I took a deep breath.
And shouted to the world.
“Oh no! The great Serena-sama is right here with her bottom exposed!”
“S-S-STOOOOOP!!!”
“So you’ve come to visit again, Satou-dono.”
“I’ve come to visit again, Chief.”
A female knight was staring at me from the far side of a small desk.
Indeed, I’m being interrogated yet again.
As the prime suspect in the Serena panties exposure incident, I was once again detained at the police station.
Yeah, I suppose they won’t be able to overlook that kind of ruckus.
Her adventurers couldn’t just tear through her robes, and I put my all into that Bind, so it wouldn’t wear off for quite some time.
The people who were attracted by my cries formed a crowd around her and made the place seem as lively as a marketplace.
And the police who came to investigate the commotion once again brought me into custody…
The female knight let out a sigh.
“Satou-dono, allow me to be frank. You’re a nuisance.”
“Even if you tell me that, I’m not exactly doing this because I want to…”
—After I’ve been caught, the police sent a couple of people to meet with Darkness.
However, apparently, she said that she wouldn’t bail me out anymore.
Perhaps I shouldn’t have teased her in front of this knight the last time I was here.
“… This time, that priest submitted an official report. Even if you have Lady Dustiness’s favour, it’d be hard for her to bail you out this time. Someone far higher ranked than her would have to vouch for you, otherwise…”
“Yeah, I suppose so.”
Relying on Darkness so often wouldn’t sit very well with me either.
Even if she bailed me out again, I’ll most likely end up back here again before long.
After hearing my reply, the knight let out another sigh.
And then, tossing away the serious demeanour she has shown me all this while, she rested her forehead upon the desk and started grumbling.
“Argh, dammit! Why were you caught so easily!? You could’ve easily escaped from us if you would’ve just put up a bit more resistance!?”
“Is that something a police chief should really be saying?”
The knight slowly raised her head at my words.
“In the first place, what is that woman? All those people who saw her underwear ended up as her fervent supporters. Sure, she has a good body. In this town that’s filled with weirdos, she’s a rare sensible person… But even so, the pace at which she’s getting new converts is really strange. What, is it really her panties? Just by showing people your panties, you’ll get people to become your fans? Could even a hardheaded fool like me get a few fans if I flash my panties here and there for a bit? I know this town is a little out there, but still… Ah, dammit, if that’s the case, I might as well…!”
……!?
“Wait, all those people there ended up as her followers? Just by seeing her panties? I mean, sure, if there’s a religious organization where the lady priests show us their panties, I’d love to join it, but…”
Something feels off again.
The men of this town pretty much all make frequent use of the succubus service. Just seeing her panties wouldn’t…
Well, sure, it’s natural to be thankful to see such a beautiful sight, but becoming her follower just because you’ve seen her panties is….
… Thankful.
Something’s nagging at me.
Regina is the Goddess of Vengeance. Could it be that… Hmm…
That adventurer who was grievously wounded a few days ago.
He ended up joining Serena’s posse after his wounds were healed by her.
Sure, it might be natural to end up being her follower after getting healed of such grievous wounds.
However, if I recall, he was one of the adventurers who got revived by Aqua in the past.
Her daily behaviour doesn’t exactly make her out to be some sort of goddess deserving of worship, but as far as her healing skills are concerned, Aqua should’ve been far more highly regarded.
It feels like I’m close to putting my finger on something, but I just can’t narrow it down.
Yunyun went to consult with Serena, but her problem wasn’t resolved, and she kept her senses.
And the people who saw Serena’s panties thanks to me ended up becoming her followers.
In other words…
“Satou-dono! Don’t just space out! Answer my question! You know about that woman’s secret, right!? Now, come on, out with it!”
… Ah.
“AAAAAAAAAH! WHAT THE HELL!? I was just on the verge of figuring it out! Why the hell must you interrupt me at the crucial point, you left-on-the-shelf knight!?”
“Ah, you actually said it! It’s not like we female knights don’t date because we don’t want to! Having children would be detrimental to our mission, so we’re just waiting for a wonderful man who would understand… Don’t cover your ears, Satou-dono! Listen to me! And if you’re going to call me left-on-the-shelf, at least introduce me to someone decent…!”
Blocking out the words of the knight who was screaming about something while shaking the table, I tried to go back to my train of thought.
In order for Serena to turn people into her puppets, they must need to be grateful or feel like they owe her in some way, or something of that sort.
That means that in order to break them out of that state…
Aqua might be able to solve it with her Break Spell, but if her identity was revealed to Serena in the process, that’d be checkmate. I can’t take that chance.
… But before I can focus on this.
“Satou-dono! I don’t care about his personality, as long as he has a somewhat modest income… The important thing is being able to do housework! A house husband would be best. Apart from that, telling me, ‘I love you,’ once every day—”
“Say, chief, can I make a request of you?”
“… What is it?”
The knight who was going on about something weird suddenly turned sullen for some reason.
“I would like to send a letter. Money is no object, I just need to send a letter to an acquaintance in the capital. Express, of course.”
“Now then, Satou-sama, please take care. If you ever find yourself in trouble, please feel free to rely on us.”
“A-Ah… Thanks…”
The day after I sent out the letter.
The knight gave me a crisp salute similar to the one she gave Darkness a few days ago as she was sending me off.
It’s quite impressive how much her personality has changed over the past day.
She seems to be giving me the same sort of treatment she would give a high-ranking noble.
Well, that’s probably because of the letter I had hastily written getting delivered to those two women in the capital…
“To think that Satou-sama is connected to not only the Dustiness family, but the Symphonia family as well… And for that Claire-sama to write back with specific instructions not to give you any cause for offense… This is the first time I’ve seen that happen.”
I sent the letter to the two nobles who served as bodyguards for Iris, Claire and Rain.
Ever since the two of them replied, the stiff attitude that this knight showed me has completely vanished.
She displayed an amazing smile while shaking my hand.
“I wondered what happened when Rain-dono appeared here in tears while bearing Claire-sama’s letter… You really are a playboy, Satou-sama! Not just Lady Dustiness, but even Claire-sama and Rain-dono…!”
“Err, well… That’s not quite the case, but nevermind…”
It’s almost to the point where I want to ask who the hell she is.
It seems like she’s under the impression that I’m close friends with Rain and Claire.
In that letter, I wrote that I recovered my memory, and I’ll soon be paying them a visit to give my thanks for that incident.
And, as a postscript, I added that I have fallen into quite a spot of trouble, and it would help me if they would provide a document with their signature on it. That’s all.
Upon hearing about my situation from the person who delivered the letter, the two of them immediately agreed to become my guarantor. Or so I’ve heard.
“… By the way, where are those two right now? I would like to give them my regards.”
“Claire-sama said that she’d be taking a vacation at a hidden villa starting today, so she wouldn’t be in the capital even if you went there. Rain-dono was handling the paperwork for your release, but the moment she was done, she used Teleport and disappeared off somewhere.”
Oh, so they are that afraid of me, huh?
I followed the knight to the entrance of the police station.
The other policemen gave me pitch perfect salutes as I passed by.
The female knight put her arms behind her back and leaned forwards with a smile on her face.
“Satou-sama, from now on, we’ll turn a blind eye to any happenings in town, so feel free to tease or investigate or do whatever else you want to that priest!”
“T-Thanks…”
Is this town really okay?
“You know, you said you looked up to Darkness and stuff a few days ago, so I thought you’d be a more inflexible person…”
“A great noble like her would be able to have her pick of any handsome noble scion she wishes, but despite that, she chooses to be alone. We nobles who are similarly alone look up towards her and admire her for that… Come to think of it, Satou-sama, in addition to having such amazing contacts, you also have fame and a mansion, right?… Not only that, but you have a fortune that would put several nobles to shame, no?”
“… I-I suppose…”
… …
“I’m Aloerina, 23, single, the surprisingly devoted type, and pretty amazing when the lights go—”
“Well, I have to go! Thank you for your hospitality! I’ll repay you someday!”
I get the distinct feeling that nothing good will happen if I were to linger here, so I hurriedly left the police station.
—I was momentarily blinded by the morning sun upon leaving the police station.
Was it because of the time I spent in that dark detention cell?
I couldn’t see clearly due to the glare, but even so, my eyes were drawn towards a certain figure standing outside.
Long flowing blue hair that shimmered in the morning sun.
A blue hagoromo that gave off a gentle seeming aura.
Standing right there was a person I hadn’t seen in a long time, cheerfully waving at me with a bright smile upon her face.
It’s almost like she’s welcoming home a friend she hadn’t seen in a long time.
“Welcome home, Kazuma! Thank you for your hard work!”
I told her to hole herself up within the mansion. Why is it that she never listens to a word I say?
Still, I am a little happy to see her.
Just a little.
She might not know the full story, but she still came out to greet me upon my release even knowing that it’s dangerous outside the mansion.
With a smile in my heart, I headed towards her…
“Say, with this, you’ve been in the care of the police for more times than I’ve been, right? You can’t call me an ex-convict anymore, can you!? Say, how does it feel, Kazuma-san who called the police on me when I took over the mansion? The same Kazuma-san who called me ex-convict who knows how many times after that? So how does it feel? How do you feel now!?”
… …
This little bitch!
“Hey, you didn’t wait for me here just because of a stupid reason like that, did you!? Don’t screw with me! Why do you think I spent so much time in the care of the police!? In the first place, I got arrested in the process of protecting the peace of the town! Don’t compare it to the petty crime you did, you Goddess of Criminals!”
“Waaah! How could you say that?! You’ll get divine punishment, you shitty NEET! Why don’t you tell me the reason why you ended up in the care of the police so many times!? Come on, say it! If your conscience is clean, then why don’t you come out and say it!?”
Dammit, I haven’t seen her in a while, and all I want to do is to smack her upside the head!
I wouldn’t be struggling so much if I could say it!
Actually, we are talking about that bloodlusted Serena here. It wouldn’t be surprising if she attacked us right now.
Speaking bluntly, even if the worst happened, as long as Aqua is fine, she’d be able to do something about it with her Resurrection.
Well, that’s just as a last resort, but still.
Perhaps because they are both priests, Serena does seem to have her eye on Aqua, so it’s best to get her home as quickly as possible.
While making sushing motions with my hands, I said.
“Argh, fine, I did it because I couldn’t stand that priest, alright? There’s no other reason in particular, so hurry up and get back inside the mansion. What happened to Darkness and Megumin anyway? I told them to keep an eye on you.”
“Those two were caught in my certain-kill party trick, the ‘Type 100 Mist’! Once activated, it’d last for at least half a day before fading. Actually, they just got bored after holing up in the mansion for so long. Being a NEET and spending all day indoors gets old really quickly. You’re being so unfair, Kazuma. You’ve been staying outside all this while, right? I want to go to a slumber party too. Take me with you.”
It looks like this idiot plans to follow me even though she hadn’t the slightest idea what I’ve been up to.
Her certain kill party trick sort of intrigues me, but right now, the most important thing is what to do with her.
… Well, before any of that, I should get a meal.
The portions they provide at the police station isn’t much.
I can think about how to persuade Aqua while we are having a meal…
With that in mind, I took Aqua with me and wandered around town for a bit to find a good restaurant.
Just then.
The group I’d hate the most to run into right now appeared right in front of me.
“Yo, aren’t you early, Satou Kazuma. I’ve been waiting… You have your companion with you today? Well, no matter. Let’s settle our score, Kazuma. I’m almost boiling over with rage right now!”
Serena, looking at me with bloodshot eyes, her original gentle demeanour nowhere to be seen, and her entourage of adventurers—
“Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san! What is going on!? Why are those people chasing us!? I don’t think I’ve done anything… I can think of a few reasons why they might be chasing us, but why!?”
“Properly apologize when they regain their senses! Dammit, how many people did she turn into her followers while I was in jail!? No one is taking notice even all the ruckus we’ve been causing!”
Aqua and I were running through the town.
There were about ten adventurers chasing us, but none of the people in town even raised an eyebrow upon seeing us tear a path through it.
I’ve managed to stay ahead of them thanks to Aqua’s buffs, but it’s only a matter of time before I’m cornered.
… In the first place.
“I thought she was more of a schemer! Doing this just because I teased her a little is way too rash! Her actions are getting more and more overboard!”
She at least bothered to keep things out of the public eye when she attacked me the other day, but now she’s not even trying.
She must be pretty confident in how thorough her brainwashing of this town is if she’s willing to act so brazenly.
Aqua, half-crying as she ran next to me, screamed.
“Hey, I thought you were arrested for sexual harassment! Just what did you do to that priest to make someone as gentle as her so mad!?”
“Nothing much! I just froze her inside a house with no toilet, spread some strange rumours about her, and called a lot of people to see her when her panties were visible for about an hour, that’s all!”
“You can’t complain if she kills you over that!”
Dammit!
I purposefully toppled the merchant display stores I ran past, creating obstacles behind me to slow my pursuers down.
Several angry voices called out after me as I ran, but I didn’t have the time to apologize and offer compensation to each and every store owner.
I have no idea how many people have been puppeted.
With Serena pursuing me so boldly through the streets, it’s best to think that most people on the streets are my enemy.
Thus, I naturally avoided the crowds and went through the less crowded areas.
Even though she had no idea what was going on, Aqua still followed me without any hesitation.
This isn’t good. If anything were to happen to her, I won’t be able to get revived.
Should I send her off to the police station on her own?
Or should we keep running towards the mansion like this…
“Hey, Aqua, do you sense anything when you look at these people!? You wiped out the curse on Darkness’s dad in a snap back then, didn’t you!? Can’t you sense any evil power at work here!?”
“My divine eyes tell me that the most evil existence in this town is the man running next to me!”
This bitch!
Just when I’m considering tripping her and using that opportunity to run away, a triumphant voice called out from behind me.
“The only path ahead of you leads to a dead end, Satou Kazuma! Did you not notice the arrangement of the people on the streets!? It’s all to lead you to a deserted area. The only thing ahead of you is…!”
Indeed, the only thing around this corner is a dead end with a high wall blocking any progress.
Anyone would know this after spending enough time in this town.
“Hey, Aqua, they’ll catch up at this rate! Crouch down below the wall and fling me over it! I’ll pull you up once I’m on top! We’ll be able to escape that way.”
“I see, what a wonderful idea! Then, Kazuma, why don’t you fling me over!? I’ll pull you up once I get on top of the wall!”
“Y-You little…”
Aqua said that without blinking.
After spending so much time together, it’s obvious to the both of us what we had in mind.
As Aqua and I rounded the corner at the same time…
“Pant… Pant… H-Have you finally given up, Satou Kazuma…! Y-You’ve got a pretty good priest there… Pant… Pant… That’s some pretty powerful… Support spells… Pant… Pant…”
Serena breathlessly said upon seeing us stopping, as she tried to catch her breath.
Then, it seems like she finally noticed.
We didn’t stop because we gave up.
Serena followed our gaze.
Standing right there was…
“Welcome! We have been awaiting you, dear customers! The weather is nice today, so Moi and the shopkeeper have decided to set up an open air store here!”
“Ah, welcome! It’s just like Vanir-san said, we’ve gotten customers even in such a place!”
Wiz and Vanir, their goods spread out upon a rug right at the end of a dead alley.
—I don’t want to deal with this all-seeing Devil anymore.
“Hey, what are you selling? … Actually, are you okay? Smoke is coming out from your head, you know?”
“Vanir-san went off the handle just now, saying ’I just got rid of the Bug Killerin, and you brought in another bunch of weird stuff!’… But don’t worry, Aqua-sama. I just drank some sugar water earlier, so my body will automatically heal up. Even if the worst comes to worst, I can just drink some water from anywhere… Ah, Aqua-sama, that’s Vanir-san’s recommended item for the day.”
Aqua squatted next to Wiz and started picking through the products on display.
While the two of them were having a casual conversation,
“Hey, Vanir, what’s the meaning of this? Are you still not satisfied after taking all the money I had on hand?”
“Did you pull the strings behind the scene this time? No, actually, what are you doing setting up shop at the end of a dead alley that I got chased into? Just how much did you forsee this time?”
Serena and I hounded Vanir.
The members of Serena’s entourage who were chasing us are currently standing by a short distance away from us.
Vanir responded with a laugh.
“Fuhahahaha! Now, now, there’s no need to be so angry, you two. Right now, my job is to earn money, so Moi shall appear at any place that smells of money. Worry not, Moi has prepared items that would be of great benefit to the both of you. So, would you like to take a look?”
Leaving Vanir aside, there’s no way we can start fighting in front of Wiz.
Serena and I looked at each other and wordlessly agreed on a temporary truce.
… No, wait, in this situation, couldn’t I just throw our deal out the window and clue Wiz in on what’s going on?
With Vanir, Wiz, and the goddess Aqua here, there’s a decent chance that it’ll work out in my favour.·
The problem is that I’m not entirely certain who Vanir and Wiz would end up siding with.
We might be on fairly good terms, but I have no idea what their relationship with Serena is. The only thing I know is that they used to be co-workers.
In the past, Wiz got really angry when she learnt that another Demon King’s general, Hans, had laid a hand on another person.
I recall her saying something about Hans breaking some sort of agreement she made with the Demon King…
Still, I have no idea how she would react in this situation.
She might be one in name only, but she’s still a General of the Demon King.
Though, it’s probably safe to say that those two wouldn’t work together with Serena to attack this town—
“Hey, don’t think of doing anything strange now. Let’s make a truce for today.”
Seemingly understanding what is currently going through my head, Serena whispered into my ear.
… Dealing with an intelligent enemy like her is really annoying.
“Now, now, you two, stop standing there whispering to each other and give my products a look. Even without using my all-seeing gaze, Moi is certain that there’ll be something that’ll have the two of you jumping for joy.”
Serena and I shot Vanir a doubtful gaze after hearing his suspicious sounding invitation.
Unfazed by it, Vanir brought out a piece of paper.
“First is this! This is a contract that states that Moi will not interfere no matter what you’re plotting in this town—”
Serena snatched away the piece of paper before Vanir could finish his sentence.
Come to think of it, Vanir did promise to keep her personal information a secret because of her status as his customer, but he didn’t promise not to get in her way.
Devils like Vanir seem to place a high amount of importance on contracts.
Dammit, if I had known, I would’ve snatched it for myself…
“Say, Vanir, I can definitely pay a higher price for that than her, so would you mind selling that to me?”
Upon hearing my words, Serena triumphantly said.
“Hey, hey, this is a first come, first served sort of thing. Vanir, how much is this?”
“730,330 Eris.”
“All of my money again!? I only just managed to save up this much, you piece of shit!”
Serena angrily shouted as she threw her wallet at Vanir.
“Thank you for your patronage~!”
… Oh, right.
“Oh, yeah, Serena, you still owe me some money, don’t you!? Pay me back right now! You were the one who said you’d face me as a Demon King’s General if I challenge you alone! It’d be something else if you face me one on one, but if you are going to break your promise and send a bunch of guys after me, then pay me back right now! … Hehehe, with this, you’ll have to return what you just bought from Vanir, right?”
“Y-You bastard… Dammit. Hey, you!”
Serena called out to one of her adventurers.
With a blank gaze, the man approached Serena.
“Give me some money… There, will this do!?”
Serena snatched the wallet from that adventurer and handed it over to me.
Dammit, I guess that was too naive of me.
… Hmm, wait.
“… ? … Huh? W-What am I doing here…?”
“Tsk.”
The adventurer who got his wallet taken regained his senses for a moment, and Serena clicked her tongue upon seeing that.
… Well, isn’t that interesting.
“Umm, can I have a moment?”
In a cheerful tone, Serena called out to the adventurer.
“That’s odd. I’m pretty sure I was… Ah, what is it, Serena-san? Why are you holding the hem of your skirt…”
As he was saying that, Serena, blushingly, lifted her own skirt and gave the adventurer a good view of what’s going on underneath.
“Umm… What do you think after seeing this?”
“Thank you very much! Thank you very much! Thank you ver…y…”
The man looked utterly elated for a moment, but soon, his expression was replaced with the same blank one that the others had.
… Oh, this is very interesting indeed.
“Oh, did you see that? That priest that looks so refined actually did something like that! What a pervert!”
“Celestina-san… You always were a little boorish, but when did you become so bold…”
“Celestina? Do you know that priest?”
Seeing Serena’s actions, Aqua and Wiz gleefully gossiped like old housewives.
Serena herself ignored the two of them, instead seeming more annoyed that I seemed to have picked up on the man’s behaviour as she turned back to Vanir.
“Hey, Vanir, with this, you won’t get in my way anymore, right? I can take this as a contract, right?”
“Indeed, we have made a contract. Worry not, we devils absolutely will not break a contract. … Now, boy.”
Yes, it really does seem like you need to feel like you owe something to Serena in order to become puppeted by her.
Thus, if you feel as though that debt was repaid in some way, whatever form it takes, her control over you will be broken.
Just like what happened to that man when Serena took his wallet.
The reason why Serena flashed her panties to him is most likely due to the boom in followers she experienced after that incident with my Bind.
It’s definitely not a bad method to quickly turn someone into her puppet.
“Hey, boy, Moi is about to recommend some products to you.”
… Hmm, but, come to think of it.
The people who were already her puppets came to their senses for a brief moment upon seeing her panties back then.
Why would that happen?
“… Hey, boy who’s been staying outside as of late to enjoy a certain service that gives him visions of the two girls back at the mansion and pretty much all the women present right—”
“Yes, yes, show me the goods! What do you want me to buy, Vanir!? My wallet is quite full right now, so I’ll buy anything you have to offer!”
Ignoring Serena, who was giving me an extremely disdainful gaze, I moved to examine the items that Vanir prepared…
“… What’s this?”
“This case contains the ‘Useless Potions Series’ that this worthless shopkeeper bought in the past.”
You just said it’s useless.
“For instance, this is the Stats Up Potion (Changed). It’s made from a regular stats up potion, and is more effective than its regular counterparts.”
“… And its side effects?”
“As it increases one of your stats, its paired stat will decrease.”
… Paired stat?
“So, what would happen if I drink it?”
“Your strength will increase tremendously, but in return, your intelligence will decrease.”
I see.
“It might be pretty useful for a frontline combat class that doesn’t require much intelligence to do their job…”
I rotated the potion in my hand and mused out loud. At the same time, Serena stared thoughtfully at the bottle.
“So, how much is this reduction in intelligence?”
“It would definitely end up lower than this boy’s blue-haired priest.”
I returned the potion to the case.
“Then what about these? The first part of Forbidden Potions Series! This potion will allow you to draw the ire of monsters for the rest of your life when you drink it! Perfect for earning experience points! Or this one that’ll raise your magic power in exchange for killing your hair follicles! Or this one that’ll reduce your magic to zero but raise your levels by leaps and bounds! Or this potion that attracts the opposite sex but make you smell like a goblin? Or this level reset potion that’s perfect for masochists who would wish to relieve their harsh training?”
“They are all defective products! I don’t need them!”
Just as I reflexively interjected,
“Or this potion that cures the Puppet status effect?”
“What!?” x2
Vanir casually offered an item that’d be extremely useful to me right now.
“Oh, that seem to have caught both your interest. This is a potion that cures the unique status ailment ‘Puppet’. That said, that’s a very rare status effect that no extant monsters can inflict. As far as Moi is aware, the only one that can inflict it right now is a minor Dark Goddess…”
“Don’t refer to Regina-sama as a minor Dark Goddess!”
Ignoring the angry Serena, I took the potion from Vanir’s hands.
“Is this the only bottle you have?”
In response, Vanir jabbed his finger towards Wiz.
Right there, rows upon rows of potions are displayed on the mat that Aqua is currently crouched in front of.
Dammit. Sure, it’s a great help and all, but I can’t help but feel frustrated that we’ve all been dancing in the palm of Vanir’s hand all this time.
She might be my enemy, but Serena probably feels the same way.
Staring at those potions, Serena bitterly said.
“… Didn’t you make a contract not to get in my way?”
“Fuhahahahaha, the all-seeing devil so declares! Even if these potions fall into this boy’s hands, they will not get in your way! In fact, there will come a day when you’ll be deeply thankful that this boy has these potions on hand. Now, boy, the Forbidden potion series, and that Puppet curing potion I just gave you is a free service! Now, here comes the main event! How much are you willing to pay for a case of those potions over there…!”
Letting out an ecstatic laugh, Vanir once again moved towards the case of potions…
“Ah, Aqua-sama, what are you doing? Those potions might not be of much use now, but Vanir-san has been carefully preparing them since morning. You shouldn’t stick your finger in them.”
“Nevermind that, you’re starting to turn a little see through, you know? Have you been taking in enough water? It’s great that you have so many useless potions right now. Here, I’ve turned them all into clean water, so douse yourself with them and cool off.”
“Sorry, Aqua-sama. Thank you very much… But Aqua-sama’s divine power is making me sort of numb…”
… …. …
The three of us fell silent upon seeing what Wiz and Aqua are doing.
Out of all of them, Vanir, after spending so much effort to get us dancing to his tune, naturally stiffened upon seeing that.
“… Snicker.”
“!”
This really isn’t a laughing matter, but for some reason, Serena and I let out a chuckle at the same time.
“Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Moi has really overlooked you this time! Moi should’ve taken care of this goddess of toilets a long time ago!”
“Do it if you think you can, you Masked Devil! I don’t know what kind of goods you were trying to sell to our Kazuma, but aren’t you embarrassed at all to lose your temper just because things aren’t going your way? Are you really a Great Devil? Is your title self proclaimed? How do you feel after having your products ruined? Come on, tell me! It’s really amazing! Kususu! Fukususu!”
… … …
“Vanir Style Death Ray!”
“Reflect!
—I jabbed my thumb towards the unfolding commotion behind me sighed.
“… Hey, what should we do about those two?”
“… Why are you asking me? In the first place, just what is that priest to be able to fight with Vanir like that?”
Technically, she’s a goddess. Technically.
Wiz, seemingly having been caught in the crossfire, fell charred and smoking to the ground.
Serena heaved a sigh.
“Well, the only one who could’ve stopped them got taken out instantly, so there’s really nothing we can do. I’m not considered particularly strong amongst the Generals… Aah, this feels really stupid. Doesn’t seem like anything good will come out of tangling with you… There are too many strange folks hanging around you. Other than Vanir and that priest who’s currently fighting him to a standstill, you also know a lot of other dangerous people, don’t you?”
I can’t deny that.
There’s the proudly crazy girl back home, everyone back in the Crimson Demon Village, and the strongest step-sister in the world, just to start with.
Perhaps sensing something from my expression, Serena went “Uwah…” and cringed a little.
“Sigh… Oh, fine, I give up on this town. Truth be told, I underestimated you. I should’ve come at you with full force right from the start.”
Saying that, Serena heaved yet another sigh.
Her gloomy gaze has been focused on Aqua and Vanir fighting all this while.
… Well, I can understand where she’s coming from.
Even I wouldn’t have taken such a ridiculous bunch seriously as opponents.
“You bitch of a goddess, Moi shall have you compensate me for all the potions you rendered useless today!”
“Ahahaha! Devil who believes that everything moves according to his plans, only to get his hopes dashed at the last moment every single time! I shall not compensate you! In fact, I turned your useless potions into Aqua’s beautiful and delicious water, so if anything, you should be paying me!”
“Don’t you dare imitate me! Those lines are my trademark! That is it! Moi shall beat you black and blue and take every last coin you have!”
… Yeah, I can understand where she’s coming from.
Well, I’d be fine if things ended here.
After all, I did already avenge Aqua for what she suffered the other day.
… … …
No wait!
I didn’t kick her because Aqua was depressed or anything.
I didn’t pick a fight with a Demon King’s General just because Aqua seemed uncharacteristically sad.
It has nothing to do with that good for nothing goddess. I did that to resolve the unpleasant feelings in my stomach, that’s all.
As I repeated that to myself, I said to Serena.
“Then we’ve reached an understanding, right? Just to say it again, I have absolutely no interest in the Demon King, so there’s no need to treat me as a threat. To be honest, even if you tell me that the Demon King and humanity are at war over the state of the world and whatnot, when I’m living in such a peaceful town, it really doesn’t resonate with me at all. Seriously, if you leave me alone, I won’t cause any trouble for you.”
“Yes, yes, I get it. I’ll tell the Demon King that neither you nor this town is worthy of his attention, so there’s no need to worry so much about them. And I’ll leave this town too. That’ll be fine, right?”
I let out a breath I’ve been holding.
“Right, then, we have a deal… Sigh. You said you weren’t strong amongst the Generals, but even then, I was really breaking out into cold sweat while facing you. In the first place, rather than charging right at someone with the weakest class like me, a General should act like one and come up with some grander schemes…”
I started grumbling about all the worries that have piled up over the last few nerve-wracking days.
“Well, I didn’t have it easy either. Though I don’t really care about any of it now… Sigh, I’m not looking forward to this… This might be the end of your part in this, but I still need to report to the Demon King afterwards.”
With an exasperated look on her face as she gazed upon the goddess and devil fighting, Serena started grumbling as well.
“Either convince you to join us, or kill you. Those were my original orders regarding you… Well, I’ll tell you something. The truth is, I wasn’t exactly looking forward to clashing with you either. I’ll forget about how you exposed me in front of half the town, so you forget about a bunch of things too, alright?”
“Yeah, yeah. After this, we are both even, okay?”
Serena produced a small smoking pipe and what appeared to be tobacco from the folds of her robe.
After lighting it with a very familiar item, she took a deep draught from it before turning to me.
“With this, you won’t be targeted by the Demon King’s army anymore. Oh, one more thing, your companion. She was called Megumin, wasn’t she? There was a pretty large bounty on her head too, so I’ll get rid of that for you.”
Seriously? When did that happen?
Though, she’ll probably be happy if she learnt that the Demon King’s army put a bounty on her head…
“Oh, please do that. Oh, wait, wouldn’t I have something like that too? If I have a bounty on my head, please take care of that too.”
“Yes, yes, leave it to me. I’ll handle it.”
Serena exhaled a cloud of smoke in a somewhat annoyed manner before bringing the pipe to her lips again.
“… Sigh. You know, you could be a little more thankful to me, right?”
Her gaze was still squarely focused on Aqua and Vanir as she said that.
“Oh, yeah, thank you. But, leaving me aside, just what were you planning to do in this town anyway. This is just a town of beginners…”
… Wait a minute.
What’s with this strange sensation?
“…You finally said it.”
Serena still hasn’t turned to look at me.
She said that while breathing out a cloud of purple smoke.
… I said it? … What did I say?
Why is my body feeling so strange…? And my head is feeling floaty…
… Ah…
“My, my, you really are something. You already figured out how my power works, right? You might be the first one to get this close to figuring out the true form of my power.”
… Oh shit… You dirty little…!
I let my guard down because Vanir and Aqua were fighting like usual…
“You wanted to know what I’m planning in a town of beginners like this, right? There, there, I’ll tell you all about it, so be thankful to me, okay? You asked, so of course I’ll answer. I listened to you request, so you’ll owe me for this, right?”
Shit… shit….
Hey, stop! Don’t say anything more!
I wanted to say that, but not a single word came out of my mouth.
It’s not just my mouth, my entire body has gotten really sluggish.
“You coward! Stop using Wiz as a shield! … Hey, actually, don’t you think Wiz has gotten really see through right now?”
“Then you stop throwing around purification spells! … No, no, this is taking things too far. That’s a warning sign. At this rate, the storekeeper will vanish for real.”
“W-W-What should we do!? Really, what do we do!? If I cast healing on her, she’ll just vanish faster!”
“There’s some sugar water in that bag over there, so let the storekeeper drink some. This usually works out. She’ll spring right back like a snake after shedding its skin… probably.”
Vanir and Aqua are currently panicking over a Wiz that became almost completely transparent.
At that instant.
—Serena finally turned to face me.
A triumphant grin was plastered across her face.
“The truth is, the army will dispatch a division to this town not to long in the future. But, well, this town is the town furthest away from the front lines. There’s no way we can march an entire army all over the country to this town. Thus, only a small amount of units are scheduled to be sent here through Teleport. But, well, for a town of beginners, that is more than enough.”
Hey, stop! Don’t say anymore!
“Do you know the fallen angel, Duke? He went missing around this town a while ago.”
…?
Oh, right, that’s the guy who was saying something about becoming a Demon King’s General and challenged Wiz only to get taken out.
“It seems like you do. Could it be that you took care of him too? Well, we received a message from him before he disappeared, warning us to be wary of you.”
That bastard. He actually did such a thing.
Though, yeah, he did say something like that. Something about this town becoming a priority target or something.
So the reason this town is getting attacked is because of me?
No, I couldn’t care less about that right now. If I hear anything more, it’d really be bad.
“Ah, don’t get the wrong idea. This town has been a target for quite some time. Even before the Generals started disappearing and high bounty targets started getting taken out.”
Sto—…!
… …
“W-Why…?”
I couldn’t control my body very well right now, but I still forced those words from my mouth.
I know that if Serena tells me her big secret, the puppeting process would just progress further.
I know that, but…
“Because this is the town of fledging adventurers. Because this is the town of beginnings. I might be a Demon King’s General, but I’m still a human. I even used to be an adventurer, you know? And of course, when I first started as an adventurer, I was directed to this town. Everyone picked up their first quest here. This is the town of beginners, Axel. The weakest monsters all over the world are purposely cultivated and given a breeding population here. A town specifically meant to raise newbie adventurers.”
It’d be like the starting town in a game.
It’s supposed to be a town for beginners, but for some reason, I’ve been through a lot of hardship in this town.
“Then, what would happen if this place were to be destroyed? Goblins might be known as a staple training target, but even their rusty blades are dangerous to newbie adventurers fresh out of the gates. Giant frogs can be taken down as long as you get enough people on your side, and the only place where they breed is here. If this town didn’t exist, exactly where would newbie adventurers go to train?”
… I see.
“Do you get it? Apart from a few exceptions like the Crimson Demons with their mysterious training method, all famous adventurers had their start in this very town. They raise their levels here before setting off towards other towns. Unless they have some special reason, most adventurers will stay in this town until they gain quite a few levels under their belt. And those people will eventually end up facing off against us.”
I can’t hear any more of this…
“Now that the people bearing strange names have stopped showing up, if this town disappears too, the recruitment of adventurers will cease entirely… You know of the strongest of the Demon King’s Generals? The Demon King’s daughter? She’s currently planning a large scale attack on the fortresses along the frontlinew and the capital. That will surely cause significant casualties amongst the adventurers… And, if those guys who are desperately holding the line and awaiting new reinforcements were to hear that the training ground of new adventurers, the town of Axel is destroyed….”
… Their morale would naturally take a huge blow.
In this world that’s crawling with monsters, who knows how many years it would take to rebuild a town?
Aah… My consciousness is going…
“… I guess you’re nearing your limit. This power isn’t a curse. No matter what kind of person you are, there’s no way you can resist it. Especially not a man like you. But don’t worry. If I give you an order you really hate, you’ll still be able to resist. It might cause you great pain, though. But it’s you we are talking about. I’m sure you won’t simply lay back and submit to being my puppet… Now, let me enjoy finding out exactly how much you will resist my orders…!”
Serena happily laughed.
And at long last, my thoughts ceased entirely…
—At the very edge of my consciousness, I heard Serena’s gentle voice.
“Now, listen very closely… You feel something at the depths of your heart, don’t you? That’s all the humiliation, injustice, and ridicule you’ve suffered… Think back. You’ve been looked down on by the inhabitants of this town, right? Have you ever been laughed at for having the weakest job? Have your companions ever slowed you down or gotten in your way?”
Those words flowed sweetly into my chest.
“Yes, why do you have to always clean up after everyone? There’s no need to hold it in any longer. Throw away your restraints, your common sense, your morality, your conscience. Throw them all away… Now, it’s time to take your revenge along with me. Very soon, my friends will gather in this town. When that time comes, you will help us alongside the other puppets. Now, it’s time to take your revenge. Revenge on the inhabitants of this town, and your former companions—!”
“—Wiz, are you okay? Do you know who I am?”
“…? Aqua-sama? And Vanir-san? What’s the matter? Why are the two of you so close to me?”
“Hmm, if you don’t remember what happened, then there’s no need to worry yourself. It’s best not to force yourself to remember.”
“Y-Yeah! If you don’t remember, it’s probably best not to dwell on it.”
Aqua, squatting next to Wiz who’s laying on the ground, got to her feet and turned towards me.
“Kazuma! We should head home soon. It’s kind of scary watching Darkness and Megumin rummage around the house like bears while you were out. Let’s head home and calm those two down.”
She approached Serena-sama without any hint of wariness at all and extended a hand towards me…
… I deftly dodged Aqua’s outstretched hand.
“….?”
Aqua tilted her head and gave me a confused look.
Serena-sama seemed really amused to see her like that.
She straightened her shoulders and said with a hint of laughter.
“This man said he doesn’t want to go back to you guys anymore. He wants to become my companion. Isn’t that right, Kazuma? You don’t need those potions anymore, do you? Come on, tell it to them.”
In response to Serena-sama’s words, I said.
“I’ll be of the Regina cult as of today. I’ll be working together with Serena-sama from now on, so send my regards to the rest for me.”
Serena-sama who’s walking in front of me is thinking about something.
What is she thinking about? Is something troubling her, I wonder?
… Just then, Serena-sama suddenly stopped and turned to face me.
“Say, you’re currently puppeted right now, right? You’ll do anything I say, right?”
Why would she ask me something that’s so obvious?
“Of course, Serena-sama. Even If you would order me to hold up your breasts in place of your bra for an entire day, I would happily obey.”
“A-Ah, is that so… I wouldn’t give you such a ridiculous order, so don’t worry. None of the other puppets have ever declared that they would join the Regina cult, so I just… but well, there’s no need to worry about that.”
Serena-sama turned back and continued walking.
Then, in a voice like she’s been holding this back for a long time, she whispered.
“… Finally…”
It’s a voice just soft enough to be heard by me.
“Do you know how long I have been waiting for this moment!? Do you have any idea how much shame I endured at the hands of the Demon King’s Army after Regina-sama was captured and sealed by the Crimson Demons!?”
“No, I do not.”
“Is that so? Then just stay silent and listen! A few years ago, the seal on Regina-sama was broken for some reason. And I only recently regained my powers. One day, out of the blue, the power Regina-sama gave me suddenly increased several fold! Yes, Regina-sama gave me who have been struggling for so long her blessings!”
“Isn’t that because the Regina cult was just you at that moment?”
“I told to you listen quietly! I’m in a good mood right now, so don’t ruin it!”
—After telling everyone that I joined the Regina cult.
Aqua cried and gabbered about something, but Serena let out a triumphant laugh before leading me away, and we quickly left the area.
Incidentally, I gave the puppetry curing potion to Aqua to shut her up.
It doesn’t seem like Aqua knows what that potion is, however.
Now that I’ve become Serena-sama’s devout subordinate, there’s no need for me to have such a dangerous item.
After parting ways, it seems like Serena has started looking for a new base of operations now that she gained such an excellent pawn in the form of me.
Also, it seems like she relaxed her control over the other adventurers to put more focus on me. Just in case.
She said something about control capacity or whatever.
Perhaps the number of people she could puppet at once is limited.
And if she’s putting so much effort on me, that just means she requires my abilities that badly.
As I walked behind Serena who was in a great mood, I had to ask her a burning question.
“Incidentally, Serena-sama, what’re the conditions to remove the puppet status from me?”
Serena-sama immediately stopped upon hearing my question.
“… You are really puppeted, right? Why do you need to know that information?”
She said in a harsh tone without turning back.
“It’s nothing major, but I’d be quite troubled if I were to be released from Serena-sama’s puppetry. I simply wish to keep my distance from any situations that seem like they’d be able to do so.”
I casually answered, and Serena turned back in surprise.
Eventually, she grabbed my face with both hands and stared deeply at my face.
“… You…? … Yes, I can feel the power of Regina-sama coming from you. What’s happening here? Could that be it? Did I put too much power into it and overdo the brainwashing…? Rather than ending up as a puppet, it’s more like I’ve gained a devoted underling capable of independent thought… Well, no matter. It suits my purposes just fine. Keep at it.”
“Of course, Serena-sama.”
She nodded contentedly in response to my instant reply.
“Very well, I shall tell you. This will be helpful to you too. The first is if your feelings of owing something to me were to change, but you already know that. Next is a strong faith… You know, back when you bound me up and exposed my panties to my puppets, they regained their senses for an instant, right? Those kinds of ‘stroke of good luck’ events that would make people thank their god are particularly dangerous. I don’t know what kind of god you worship, but do take note of that.”
“Don’t worry, the one I worship is Regina-sama. If something erotic were to happen as you were out doing your everyday business, the one I would be thanking is Regina-sama.”
“I-Is that so…? Don’t push yourself. There’s not a single human who doesn’t have faith in something. It doesn’t have to be towards a god, even if such notions were directed to a devil or a Dark Goddess, it’d still be effective. What did you worship before you started worshipping Regina-sama?”
“No, I didn’t worship anything.”
“Haha, I see. Well, you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. Let’s get along, partner.”
Serena-sama called me her partner.
I’ll have to really put in some work for her sake.
We’ve arrived at the doorstep of a high class seeming inn.
“Right, we’ll stay here for today. It’s a little on the expensive side, but it’s fine every once in a while. Kazuma, go pay for it.”
“I refuse.”
I immediately rejected Serena’s request.
“… What did you just say?”
“I said I refuse. If I pay for your stay here, my feelings of owing something to you will be resolved. The puppetry on me will be dispelled.”
“Aah… right… But, still…. O-Oh, well…”
Serena-sama seemed to be thinking about something as she took out her wallet.
And inside her wallet is…
“Ah! Dammit, I forgot that Vanir took all my money again! Hey, Kazuma, I don’t care if it voids the puppetry or whatever, just lend me some money! I’ll release a few puppets to strengthen my control over you. Just lending me a bit of money won’t…”
“You can’t do that, Serena-sama! Getting complacent like that is especially dangerous! All the villains I know of in manga and games always end up losing because they get complacent at the very end. Don’t worry, I’ll just go borrow some money from those people over there.”
“M-Manga? Game? … O-Oh, very well, thank you… Ah, but, wouldn’t that just end up with you clearing your feelings of indebtness too…?”
Leaving Serena-sama who was mumbling something behind, I approached a couple of the adventurers who just happened to be milling around the entrance.
“Sorry, can I have a moment? You see, Serena-sama here has a bit of money trouble and can’t afford to pay for the inn right now. She’s poor and has few survival skills, so won’t you take some pity on her and gift a bit of offering to her?”
“Eeh!?”
Serena let out a surprised voice from behind me.
The adventurer in front of me took out his wallet without a word of complaint.
“Serena-sama is in trouble? Leave it to me, I’ll give poor Serena-sama… Serena-sama? Why did I start attaching -sama to her name? … Ah, nevermind. Here. Seriously, what’s a priest doing asking for money? Please work harder, Serena-san.”
“Ah… U-Um… Thank you very much.”
Serena-sama said with a blush.
The adventurer handed over a small sum of money before disappearing off somewhere.
It seems like that adventurer was one of Serena-sama’s followers.
His puppetry was broken just now, but that won’t be a problem.
Serena-sama has me, after all.
“Aah… That man was a pretty skilled adventurer… Oh well. Come on, Kazuma, hurry up and pay for the room with that money.”
“Roger that. But, before that…”
Before leaving for the counter, I approached the tired seeming Serena.
And grabbed her bountiful chest with both hands.
Then, I wordlessly started groping them.
… … …
I silently stared into Serena-sama’s eyes as I enjoyed the soft sensation in my palms.
Suddenly, my hands were knocked away by Serena-sama.
“Y-Y-You little!? W-What are you doing!? Just what are you doing!?”
Stepping back in a panic, Serena screamed without a care for the people who are around us.
“Calm down, Serena-sama. You’re attracting attention.”
“That’s my line! Yeah, people are watching! What are you doing!? Why did you suddenly start fondling my boobs!”
What a strange question.
“What are you saying? I just borrowed money for your sake, you know? In other words, the feeling of obligation I hold towards you just weakened. Thus, if I don’t get some repayment from you, my puppetry will be dissolved. But, right now, Serena-sama doesn’t have any money, so I have to get my repayment through your body.”
“!?!?!? I-Is that so? No, wait, isn’t it odd? I mean, that adventurer earlier said he’d give the money to me… I attracted such gazes and even lost a puppet… It’s like I just set myself up… ?”
Leaving Serena-sama who was saying some incomprehensible things behind, I headed over to the counter to rent a room for the night.
“—Sigh… Did I get myself a trump card, or did I not… I don’t even know for sure right now…”
Letting out a sigh, Serena-sama closed her eyes and collapsed onto the bed.
Is she worried about something, I wonder?
She does look tired. Perhaps I should give her a massage.
“You seem exhausted, Serena-sama. Would you like me to give you a shoulder massage?”
“Hmm? Ah, sure, go ahead…”
Serena opened one of her eyes and lazily gazed up at me…
“… Wait, why are you in this room?”
And suddenly asked something weird.
“Well, the money we got is only enough to pay for one room… Ah, I won’t complain even if the bed is narrow, so don’t mind me.”
“I will mind! I will mind it very much! What’s with you!? Why are you climbing into my bed like it’s only natural? Weren’t you more of a coward when it came to women!?”
“Serena-sama, you were the one who ordered me, didn’t you? … Throw away your restraints, your common sense, your morality, your conscience. Throw them all away… I’m simply following your orders. It feels like I’ve been reborn.”
“So that’s it!!!!”
Serena-sama jumped from her bed and cradled her head between her hands.
Then, in a tired voice, she said.
“… Say, if I rescind that order, will you still feel like you owe me a huge debt?”
“Thanks to you removing the limiters on my heart, I’m actually enjoying life quite a bit right now. If you ask me to regain my senses again, that blow probably couldn’t be smoothed over by just letting me fondle your breasts for a bit.”
“Gurk…”
Serena-sama groaned and curled up into a ball while still clutching her head.
“You know… Why do I have to prepare a place to sleep for you? Just go find a place to sleep on your own… The other puppets all see to their own accommodations.”
“My circumstances are a little special. Unlike the other adventurers, thanks to Serena-sama, I can’t go back home right now. You need to properly support me there.”
“Gurk… B-But, well, now that I have brought you over to my side, my victory is more or less assured. I’m going to work you to the bone! Be prepared for some hard work tomorrow!”
After hearing my reply, Serena-sama clenched her fist and raised her voice as though she was trying to convince herself.
O Month, X Day
Serena-sama said that there’s something strange with the state of my puppetry.
First off, it seems like she is dissatisfied with the way I haven’t done any work at all.
I seem to be obedient, but am strangely rebellious and have done nothing but get in the way, or so she says. That made her unreasonably angry, for some reason.
She ordered me to keep this diary in order to understand what’s going on in my heart.
Demanding to show my diary to someone else would require substantial compensation.
Thusly, I’ve asked her to call me Kazuma-sama while pushing her breasts onto me every night before bed.
Serena-sama made a face like she just lost an important part of herself in the process.
Still, Serena-sama reads this diary every day.
In other words, I will be able to harass her with what I write in this diary.
Thusly, I’ll write an erotic short story every day after each entry.
Right, then, let’s get to it…
Source @cgtranslations.me
O Month, △ Day
Serena-sama told me to stop writing erotic stories.
I told her that making such an unreasonable order will require compensation, and she cursed me before giving up on the matter.
Her face is still on the verge of tears right now. It’s quite a precious sight.
I think I’ll use Serena-sama as the main character for my erotic story today.
She keeps saying that there’s definitely something wrong with the state of my puppetry.
That it’s impossible for a puppet to speak and write so fluently and such.
… Well, let’s leave that aside and continue with my entry.
What should I write about today…
“Just then, I felt something soft press against my back. Yes, a naked Serena-sama is currently pressing both her peaks against my body. ‘Kazuma-sama, I can’t hold myself back anymore…’ Oh dear… I carefully embraced Serena-sama who was looking at me with puppy eyes…”
Oh, come on now, Serena-sama. Don’t look over the shoulder of someone writing his diary and raise a fuss about it.
I’ll require a great amount of compensation, you know?
O Month, O Day
Serena-sama came to me today and tearfully begged to stop writing erotic stories involving her.
The moment I said that obeying such an unreasonable order would require compensation, she punched me.
But a mysterious phenomenon happened when she did that.
A bruise appeared on Serena-sama at the exact same spot where she hit me.
Serena-sama was in a panic trying to figure out what happened, but as compensation for having hit me, I asked her to do a hundred squats with her hands behind her head while clad in nothing but her underwear.
She repeatedly cursed me, but her sweat-drenched form as she did squats in front of me was a really beautiful sight.
Let’s have her do push-ups next time.
△ Month, X Day
I discovered a really serious matter today.
Apparently, Serena-sama was involved in agitating the Moguninnin, the ninja-like robot that I fought with at the Crimson Demon Village.
It seems like she tried to put it under her control, but it was too strong to be easily bound and went berserk because of that attempt.
In other words, I went through all those troubles because of Serena-sama.
Doesn’t that mean that Serena-sama owes me big because of what I went through?
As I was musing about what exactly I should get her to do this time, she punched me on the head. For some reason, that caused the same bump to appear on her head.
Serena-sama seems really confused as to what’s going on.
Seeing her rolling around in pain and holding back tears with a confused expression was yet another lovely sight.
X Month, X Day
Serena-sama came home with tears clinging to her eyes.
It seems like she ran into Vanir when she visited the guild to gather more puppets.
Apparently, he threatened her, saying that he opened a consultation office first and whatnot.
Serena-sama really doesn’t deal well with Vanir, so she quickly paid up to resolve this territorial dispute and once again came home penniless.
Thanks to that, she wasn’t able to eat anything today.
Or so she told me while crying.
Seeing her miserable form while I was eating dinner made tonight’s sukiyaki stew taste really delicious.
△ Month, O Day
It seems like Aqua, Megumin, and Darkness were asking around for mywhereabouts.
Come to think of it, I had amazing comrades who would look out for my well-being.
I told Serena-sama that if I had to be kept away from them, that would require its own compensation as well.
Serena-sama went ‘Just paying for your room is giving me a ton of trouble as it is, so why do I have to deal with nothing but your selfish requests as well!?’ and finally broke down in tears.
She said she was considering renting a cheaper place now that she has lost her consultation office at the guild.
I told her that I was used to living in a mansion, so if she tells me to live in more squalid conditions, that’ll require its own compensation…
She fell silent and went back to doing her side jobs.
I told her that she could just work as an adventurer and earn easy money with those skills she had as a priest, but she said something about her job being listed as ‘Dark Priest’ on her adventurer’s card, so she can’t earn money through questing.
That’s why she has never accepted a reward from the guild until now.
Plus, it’d be some time before the Demon King’s army is ready to make their move, so she’ll have to stand by in this town for quite a while yet.
In the event of an attack, I and the other puppets would be assisting them from the inside.
Serena-sama was staring enviously at the high quality roasted meat that I had for dinner.
Of course, I couldn’t just give it to her.
If I did so, the puppetry on me would be cured.
Yes, I’ll keep owing Serena-sama more and more, and eventually become her devoted right hand.
Incidentally, her dinner for today was a single cup of corn soup.
□ Month, O Day
It’s been quite some time since I started living with Serena.
Recently, Serena-sama has really started snapping under the pressure.
It seems like she’s been going through a lot to afford me my luxurious lifestyle.
But Serena-sama was the one who told me to cast away my restraint in the first place.
There’s nothing I can do about that.
She had to borrow money from all her formerly puppeted adventurers, so it seems like the only person she can count on as her underling right now is me.
Recently, she’s even started flashing passersby her panties to puppet them so she could take their money, and this has run her afoul of the police.
They lectured her about adult business laws and such and took away all the money she earned.
Right now, Serena-sama seems to be getting quite close to her limit.
I told her she could just repay me with her body, and she asked ‘How much would it take for you to live on your own?’
When I asked her to go into more detail, Serena-sama said some really strange things.
She’ll remove the puppet status from me, so I can go wherever I please.
Serena-sama mentioned that I can resist if she gave me an order I really disliked.
I endured quite a bit of pain in order to resist that order, and at that moment, Serena-sama started acting oddly as well.
When I asked her what she was doing, she said she was offering a prayer to Regina-sama and was in the middle of forcibly removing the puppet status from me.
It seems like Serena-sama has lost her mind.
I fiercely resisted Serena-sama’s attempts and offered a prayer to the goddess I hold deeply in my heart as well.
O great Regina-sama, please grant me strength…
X Month, O Day
Someone threw a rock at my window.
The culprit was a somewhat familiar-seeming blonde member of the Axis Cult.
It seems like she wasn’t happy with how Serena-sama was spreading her faith within the town.
Serena-sama turned red with rage and flew out of the inn, but the Axis Cultist managed to escape by the skin of her teeth.
It seems like she had been accusing her of being a ‘whore who gains followers by flashing her panties’ and spreading such rumours about her.
The neighbourhood housewives and such seemed to be always gossiping about Serena-sama whenever I pass them by as of late, so the rumor definitely managed to take root.
Serena-sama started saying something about how the good name of Regina-sama was besmirched and such as she broke down in tears.
She was looking at me with teary eyes, so I grabbed her hand and nodded.
“Comforting you will cost 5000 eris and your breasts.”
Source @cgtranslations.me
O Month, X Day
Serena-sama has been acting very strange lately.
She’s been giving me a lot of immensely reckless orders and paying no heed to any compensation, almost as if she wants to break me from my puppetry.
As a devoted follower of Regina-sama, and as an excellent subordinate of Serena, I naturally asked for her to repay me with her body.
Serena-sama would be troubled if the puppetry were to be removed.
In response to my gentlemanly teasing, Serena-sama tiredly said that she’ll be taking me somewhere tomorrow.
Does she plan to finally cross the line?
I’m way too excited to sleep right now.
Just in case, I’ll give my body a thorough wash tomorrow.
“… … … ”
Serena-sama raised her head from the diary I wrote.
Closing it, she let out a sigh.
“I was thinking of returning you to that Priest today-”
“I refuse.”
Upon hearing my immediate reply, Serena-sama let out another deep sigh.
She has slimmed down quite a bit since when I first met her.
In contrast, I look particularly healthy.
It must have been due to how I’ve been living my life to its fullest these past few days.
Serena-sama wordlessly took my hand in hers.
And then…
“Ow!”
She suddenly stabbed the tip of my finger with a toothpick that she had in her other hand.
Of course, blood flowed from the prick.
At the same time, blood flowed from the same spot on Serena-sama’s finger and dripped to the floor.
“You really didn’t believe in anything before? You’ve completely become a Regina cultist!”
The blood drained from Serena-sama’s face as she said that.
What are you saying now?
Is it bad if I am a Regina cultist?
“I’ve said it all this time, didn’t I? I didn’t believe in anything before, but now I only worship Regina-sama.”
“As if such a person could exist in this world! Whether it’s a god or a dark god or a devil, most everyone here will have their faith in something!”
“Well, I wasn’t from this country in the first place. Plus, it’s not that unusual where I come from. There are plenty of people who don’t subscribe to any particular faith where I used to live.”
“Wha-!?”
Serena-sama seemed at a loss for words.
“S-Seriously?”
“I’m serious. Ah, though perhaps it’s slightly inaccurate to say they don’t have a faith. Most of my countrymen throw a big celebration for the birthday of a major prophet for one of the sects, then the next month they’ll ring the bells of a different sect to welcome the new year. And when they get older, they’ll follow the traditions of a sect known as Shinto to pray for their well being for the next year.”
“Is your country picking a fight with the Priests?”
Even if you say that…
After a moment of silence, Serena-sama took in a deep breath.
“What should I do… How do I break the puppetry on you? Even if I try to repay what you owe me, you stubbornly refuse to accept it. When I order you to get out of the room, you start resisting fiercely despite the pain. And now that you’re a Regina Cultist, if I try to lay a hand on you, the curse of vengeance will…”
She’s saying some really dangerous things.
“Ah, dammit! What should I do! What should I… Hey, what can I do to get you to stay away from me!?”
“Because of what you did when you asked me to follow you, my relationship with my companions is in tatters. It’d be troublesome if you don’t take responsibility for—”
“AAAAAAAAAA! I CAN’T HEAR YOU! I CAN’T HEAR YOU! … Ah, right! Hey, didn’t you get a potion that cures puppetry along with that forbidden potion series that Vanir gave you? What happened to that?”
Serena-sama tearfully clung onto me. .
If I recall…
“I gave it to that priest with the ability to turn any liquid she touches into water…”
“Aaaaaah! Of all the people in the world, why did you have to give it to someone with such a power!?”
Serena-sama dashed out of the room as she said that.
“How did it end up this way… It was going so well, so where did I go wrong!? Dammit, I was so close…! The puppeting of the adventurers was proceeding smoothly, and I would’ve completed my preparations with just a little more time…! Just where did I go wrong!?”
As she ran, she angrily muttered to herself.
I chased after her.
“It’ll be fine, Serena-sama. You have me, don’t you?”
“You are the cause of all of my problems!”
As though something finally snapped within her, Serena-sama suddenly started strangling me.
“You…! You wouldn’t listen to a word I say and made nothing but selfish requests! That’s why I… Gurk!”
“Gurk! … S-Serena-sama, if you strangle me, then you’ll also…!”
She grabbed my throat and started strangling me, but started sputtering and coughing herself not too long after and let go.
“Dammit…! Dammit…! Dammit all! Why…!? Why did you become a cultist so easily…!? Choosing a god to serve is a once in a lifetime decision, so at least put some thought into it!”
Serena-sama smacked me repeatedly in the chest before collapsing to the ground.
Judging from the waver in her voice, she’s probably crying.
“Even if you say that, there were a ton of different faiths in the country I came from… They say there are eight million gods in the country I used to live in… So adopting a faith isn’t really that heavy a decision. I heard there are even people who worship a flying spaghetti monster or something.”
“I hate your country… I hate it so very much…”
Serena-sama was lying on the ground, shaking and covering her face.
I flipped up her skirt and took a peek underneath.
I need to make sure to get compensated after she strangled me just now.
“… You like black, I see.”
“… Naaaaaaaaaaagh!”
Serena-sama stood up and batted my hand away.
“I’m going to your mansion! You’ll probably follow me even if I tell you not to, so just hurry up!”
“Is that an order? Then, I would need some compensation—”
“Then fine, stay here!”
“You want me to watch the house all by myself? Putting me through such boredom would require a really large amount of compensation.”
“No, no, just shut up! Shush! Talking to you right now makes my head hurt!”
Serena-sama shouted without paying any heed to keeping up appearances and set off in the direction of my mansion.
After recent events, her reputation in this town is in complete tatters.
Even rumours like her being a slut who flashes her panties in public have taken root in the town.
I have no idea how she has fallen this far, but she certainly has my condolences.
Serena-sama sped down the streets without any attempt at keeping her true personality hidden, and before long, we found ourselves in front of my nostalgic mansion.
She barely took a moment to catch her breath before banging on the door.
“Open up! You’re in here, right!? Open up! I’m here to return your precious companion! Open up!”
However, no one responded to her calls.
It seems like the house is empty at the moment.
“Dammit! Why now of all times…! Hey, come on, let’s go! They might be at the guild!”
Saying that, Serena-sama ran off.
… As I moved to follow after her, for some reason, I was taken by the urge to look back towards the mansion.
… … …
A currently empty and uselessly large mansion.
Whenever I look at it, it feels like something is trying to get my attention…
“Hey, what are you doing!? Stop standing there and hurry up…!”
Serena-sama started agitatedly lecturing me once she noticed I wasn’t following her.
Constantly chasing me to hurry up and whatnot… she really doesn’t know how to take it essy.
I took one last look at the mansion…
… … … ?
“Hey, come on, hurry up and get over here! Seriously, why the hell do you never listen to my orders!?”
“No, it’s just, Serena-sama, there’s a girl standing at the window…”
I felt like I just caught a glimpse of a young blonde-haired girl peeking out from the second story window.
They should have told me such a cute girl was staying at my mansion. I would’ve considered coming home if I knew that.
“What are you saying? A girl? Are you starting to hallucinate now? … No, wait, I can smell the scent of ghosts hanging around this mansion… You didn’t gain simple priest powers in addition to the protection of Regina, did you…? No, wait, who cares about that right now? Come on, hurry up.”
… …?
Something’s weighing on my mind.
I took another close look at the mansion, but I couldn’t catch even a glimpse of that blonde-haired girl.
… This really bothers me for some reason.
It felt like I saw someone whom I’ve spent a lot of time with gazing forlornly at me, but…
With one last look at the mansion, I tore my gaze away and chased after Serena-sama.
“Huh? Outside the town?”
“Yeah, especially around this time of day.”
Upon reaching the adventurer’s guild, Serena-sama made to dash out again almost immediately after confirming that Aqua wasn’t here, but,
“Why would they go out of town for? Is there something out there?”
“Well, not particularly. It’s more like our mage’s daily routine. They most probably all headed out together. It’s about the right time for it.”
“Tell me about these sorts of things earlier!”
Serena-sama shouted in an anguished voice, paying little regard to all the glances being sent her way.
She might be reaching her limit, in a lot of ways.
Anyway, more importantly…
“Serena-sama, now that we are here, I want to get something to eat too.”
Saying that, I moved to take a seat by a table.
Serena-sama stared enviously at me.
“… I’m not paying for it. I no longer have any need to keep you in my debt.”
“Excuse me, give me everything on the menu, and put it on her tab.”
“I’m not paying for it! I really am not! … Ah, I’ll… I’ll have a cup of water, please…”
Serena-sama ordered a cup of water to keep up appearances, but she grew increasingly antsy as she waited.
“Hey… Hey, you know where your companions went, right? Just tell me the location. I’ll head on over by myself, you can stay here and enjoy your meal while I do that.”
“I refuse. There’s no way I can let you head out of town on your own. My party consists of an Archwizard famous for having a screw loose, an Archpriest whose power possibly exceeds your own, and a girl whose only merit is being tough. I find it very unlikely that my party will sit there and hear you out. If you run into them outside of town, it’ll most likely end in a fight.”
Serena-sama fell silent for a moment.
“… Right, then come with me after you’re done eating what you ordered. There’s something I can try if they are outside of town… I’m going to have to put you to some proper work for once.”
Eventually, Serena-sama confidently said that with a fearless smile on her face—
“—You are quite late, Serena-sama. I almost grew bored waiting for you. What were you doing? You treated me, but with all that waiting, I’d say the balance sheet is just about even now.”
“… Y-You… You really are…”
Serena tiredly grumbled at me upon seeing me sitting on the ground.
Right now, we are at the public cemetery outside of town.
She said to hurry on over to the cemetery after we had our meal, so I quickly ate my fill and headed over ahead of her.
I ordered quite a bit, so, as her subordinate, I gave the remainder of the food to Serena-sama who hadn’t eaten anything decent recently.
I told Serena-sama that I needed to use the toilet before sneaking out and leaving the bill to her.
Thar brings us to now…
“Did it taste good?”
“Yeah, it did! It would’ve tasted better if I didn’t had to wash dishes until now in order to pay for my food!”
She snapped at me.
“Aaah, I don’t have time for this! Come on, Kazuma, hurry up and dig up the corpses buried under here! I’m going to puppet them and turn them into my soldiers! I’ll start from here, so you go over there!”
“My apologies, for religious reasons, I cannot do something so blasphemous.”
“Aren’t you a Regina cultist!? What religious reasons could you have!? If you just don’t want to touch a corpse, then just say so! Just do it! Stop saying selfish things and start putting in some work for once!”
“Seriously, spare me.”
Digging up corpses and the like is definitely out of the question.
As I started enduring the pain to resist her orders, Serena-sama let out an anguished scream.
“Fucking fine! Forget it! Just stand there and watch!”
Almost on the verge of tears, Serena-sama picked up a shovel and got to work.
Because of her delay, it’s already close to evening.
They should be returning to the mansion right about now.
Meaning they would already be behind the walls of the town, so if Serena-sama was planning to attack them with an army of puppet zombies…
I wanted to tell her that she wouldn’t be able to make use of the corpses she was digging up, but I’d end up repaying part of my debt if I were to give her advice.
Thus, I simply hardened my heart and watched her work.
“Pant… Pant… Y-Yes, I got one! I just need to puppet this guy and let him dig up the rest… Marionette!”
“But you don’t have enough puppet points.”
“What!?”
Serena-sama turned around with a surprised look on her face.
And, just as I said, the corpse didn’t move at all.
“H-Hey, what do you mean by puppet points!? What exactly is going…”
Serena-sama mused for a moment, before bringing her hands together in realization.
“You’re talking about the amount of control power I have invested in you! Don’t give it such a flippant name! Hey, Kazuma, don’t resist, you hear? I’m going to pull back a bit of the power I have invested in you to keep you a puppet. Really, don’t resist, you hear!? I really want to get rid of you, but if I release you from my hold right now, you’ll definitely get in my way. So, really, you get it? I’m reducing my hold on you to increase the number of puppets under my control, so, seriously, don’t resist.”
“You know, with how insistent you are about this, it almost sounds like set up for a punchline. Is it fine for me to take it as such?”
“Of course not! Seriously, don’t resist. Right, here goes… I just told you not to resist! You’re my puppet, so listen to my orders already!”
I fought fiercely to hold on to Serena-sama’s power as it tried to flow out from my body.
She already has me. She has no need for any other puppets.
Eventually, Serena-sama tearfully grabbed me by the collar and started strangling me.
“G-Gurk… W-Wait, Serena-sama, please listen to me! After all the time you spent washing dishes, it’s already close to evening… Those three would probably be back at home by now—”
“Tell me that sooner! In the first place, whose fault do you think it is that I had to spend all that time washing dishes!? Fuck this shiiiiit!”
After screaming something that no respectable woman should say, Serena-sama started back towards my mansion without bothering to wipe the tears flowing down her face—
—Serena-sama looks utterly wiped out at the moment.
Seeing a beautiful girl with such an exhausted look on her face isn’t too bad either.
Serena-sama tiredly walked up towards the door of my mansion and started beating on it.
It seems like she’s too exhausted to even raise her voice right now.
Eventually, a soft voice came from the other side of the door.
“Who is it at this time of day? I’d welcome you if you’re a salesman, but if you’re a religious solicitor, go elsewhere!”
That’s Aqua’s lifeless voice that I hadn’t heard in some time.
“It’s me. I’m here to return your man to you.”
The mansion fell silent after Serena-sama said those words.
After a short while, the door opened just a crack.
And peeking out from beyond that crack was Aqua’s doubtful gaze.
“Kazuma-san? … Really? Are you really…?”
In a voice filled with trepidation, Aqua said while peeking through the door.
At the same time, a loud bam could be heard from behind her, followed by the stomping of rapidly approaching footsteps.
Serena-sama leaned over to my ear and whispered.
“Don’t do anything to mess this up, you hear? If you end up back inside, I’ll definitely give you a worthy reward.”
“Why don’t you just give it to me now?”
An anguished expression flashed across Serena-sama’s face for a moment before she clasped her hands and stood back up.
Not long after, the front door opened, and standing behind a somewhat fidgety Aqua were Megumin and Darkness.
The two of them brightened up upon seeing my face.
And then…
“… Can I ask what that man is doing?”
Megumin sternly asked.
By that man, is she referring to…
“Don’t worry about that. Actually, I’m here to return him.”
Yes, she’s probably referring to me who’s currently kneeling besides Serena-sama and brazenly taking a look up her skirt.
The three of them stared dumbly at us.
After a short pause, Megumin approached us with barely concealed anger written all over her face.
“… Kazuma, what exactly are you doing? It really is strange for such a spineless person to be doing such acts in broad daylight. I know you like doing this sort of things, but at least try to pass it off as an accident or cover it with an excuse. You use all kinds of underhanded tricks when doing such things with me, but now…”
Something bothered me about Megumin’s hesitant words.
This is… I wonder what it is?
“… Even when I make advances on him, he always gets scared and chickens out before long. This is both his good point and a bad point. Just what did you do to get him to act like this? In the first place, there’s been a lot of rumours about you and Kazuma these past few days. Just what do you mean by you’re returning him? Rendering him into such a pathetic state… This… This is…”
Darkness continued where Megumin left off.
This is… Just what is this feeling?
“… Actually, we don’t need such a Kazuma. If you’re going to return him, put him back in his original packaging. Taking something from someone and returning it after you broke it is quite horrible, don’t you think?”
And finally, Aqua said that…
There’s plenty I want to say about her referring to me as unneeded and broken and whatnot, but Serena-sama forbade me to speak right now.
I’m a little too busy looking at her panties anyway.
Just then, Serena-sama extended a hand towards Aqua.
“Let’s strike a deal. I’ll return him to normal. In return, you’ll give me that potion he gave to you. If you do that, I’ll properly bring him back to his senses and give him back to you.”
At those words, Aqua looked down towards the potion she was clutching protectively against her chest.
And then…
“I refuse. This is something Kazuma-san gave me before he collapsed from stress. There’s no way I will give it to you. What are you going to use this potion for? What did that strange devil say to you? Tell me what you intend to do with this potion.”
Serena-sama’s teeth made a krit noise from how strongly she’s been clenching them.
She’s probably really close to her limit after everything I’ve put her through.
“… You should listen to what I’m saying before I lose it. It wouldn’t do for you to look down on me. I’m still a—”
Serena-sama softly started, but before she could finish,
“It’s something Kazuma gave to me, so it’s really important! I refuse!”
“Fine, very well. Our negotiations are over. Eat this!”
Serena-sama jabbed a finger towards Aqua and shouted.
Seeing that, Darkness ran to place herself in front of Aqua.
“Death!”
A purple glow emerged from Serena-sama’s finger.
However…
“… Huh?”
It lasted barely an instant before fading away, seemingly without accomplishing anything.
“Get her!”
Aqua shouted, and quickly leapt onto Serena who was still in shock.
After Serena-sama was pushed to the ground, Darkness straddled her.
Darkness isn’t wearing any armour right now, but her well-trained body gave her more than enough strength to subdue a priest.
“Dammit, my magic…! Why!? Regina-sama! Regina-sama! Grant me strength—”
Serena-sama struggled to escape Darkness’s grasp, but she just couldn’t compete with her strength.
Seeing that, Darkness tightened her hold on Serena-sama’s neck and demanded.
“Now, release your curse on this man… W-What’s this? I can’t breathe…?”
Taking advantage of Darkness’s distraction, Serena-sama wrenched one of her hands free and pointed at Darkness.
“Death! Death! Dea—”
She repeatedly chanted, but nothing seemed to befall Darkness, who eventually pushed her hand over her mouth.
Now then, what should I do?
I should probably step in on Serena-sama’s side right now, but…
“… Say, you two, I really don’t think we need such a thing…”
“Er… Er, well, we probably don’t want this thing either.”
Could they be referring to me who’s peeking up Serena’s skirt after she’s been restrained, I wonder?
Just then, I felt a slight tug on my sleeve.
Turning around, I saw Megumin, who was smiling for some reason, standing behind me.
She grabbed the hem of her dress and slowly lifted it up…
“… Girls really like black, huh?”
I muttered as I admired the panties Megumin displayed for me up close.
“M-Megumin!?”
“When did you become so bold, Megumin!?”
Ignoring the other two, Megumin cheerfully placed a hand on my head.
“Right, if no one wants him, I’ll be taking this man for myself.”
“Ah!?”
As Megumin triumphantly declared, Darkness let out a flustered squeak.
… Still, this is a really strange situation.
There’s Serena-sama who’s being held in place and gagged by Darkness who’s straddling her.
There’s Megumin who’s gently patting my head as I admired her panties.
And lastly…
“… Oh, I see. The blessings that the minor goddess Regina has been granting you were cut in half, wasn’t it? The blessings of a god are divided amongst their followers. That goddess of yours must be so minor that you are her only true follower, right? All of her powers used to be granted to you, but that’s no longer the case now that Kazuma has become her follower too.”
“!?”
Serena-sama, her mouth still gagged, shot a murderous stare at me.
It seems like turning me into her puppet and converting me to the Regina cult has actually ended up weakening her.
Still, even if you glare at me like that, it’s not going to do anything.
Aqua crouched down next to Serena-sama and motioned to Darkness to loosen her grip on her mouth a little.
“Now, turn Kazuma back to normal.”
“… He’ll return to normal if you give that potion to him. He might resist you, however.”
Serena-sama told Aqua in a resigned manner.
Just what is going on here?
What should I do as Serena-sama’s devoted servant?
Plus, right now, Megumin held onto me with a death grip even as she was still stroking my head with her other hand.
I’m still kneeling while staring intently up Megumin’s skirt, but…
“Fufu, it’s been some time, Kazuma.”
Megumin chuckled. There’s a slight blush on her face, but that was definitely a chuckle.
I would really like to head off to help Serena-sama, but when faced with the devilish temptations of such a happy looking Megumin…
Since Serena-sama unshackled all of my inhibitions, I’m currently unable to go against my instincts.
So there’s really nothing I can do about this. Please forgive me, Serena-sama.
“Still, how did he end up like this? Just what did you do? What’s so fun about turning our Kazuma into such a brazen pervert?”
“I didn’t expect he’d turn out this way either! I just sought to turn him into my puppet. I unleashed his true desires and removed his inhibitions… But he turned out being way more wilful than I expected.”
Serena-sama tearfully bit her lip.
“… It was really horrible, these past few days… He refuses to work no matter what reasons I give, and does perverted stuff whenever he can. He’s just been indulging in his desires to live a decadent life…”
“… That doesn’t sound very different from how Kazuma was originally… But, nevermind. He’ll recover if I use this potion on him, right?”
Saying that, Aqua approached me.
“… I don’t really mind if he remains like this…”
Megumin blushingly said even as I continued to look up her skirt.
Though, she still retained her death grip on me, so I couldn’t run away even if I wanted to.
If you’re really fine with me as I am, I’d really appreciate it if you could let go.
Aqua guardedly approached me and said.
“Hey, Kazuma, I’m going to turn you back to normal now, so don’t do anything, okay?”
“This is fine.”
Ignoring my instant reply, Aqua crept ever closer to me.
“We can’t have that. Just stay right there. Right there is fine…”
“Hey, Priest, don’t let your guard down! That man is definitely up to something!”
Serena-sama gave out such a warning, but Aqua responded as though she was stating the obvious.
“I-I know that. How long do you think I’ve been with Kazuma? Megumin, make sure to keep a tight grip on him! Right, then…”
Source @cgtranslations.me
“Steal.”
“Ah!” x3
I briefly averted my gaze from Megumin’s panties and thrust my arm towards Aqua.
Shortly after, Aqua’s potion popped up in my hand.
And then.
“Eat this!”
“Waaaaah!”
I casually threw it at the ground.
Just before the bottle hit the ground, Aqua managed to catch it with a marvelous sliding save.
“That’s why I told you! That man is definitely up to something!”
“There’s nothing I can do about that! You should know this after being on the receiving end of his antics! There’s no telling what this man will do! Megumin! Megumin! Do something!”
Aqua cried out towards Megumin as she cautiously approached me again with the potion clutched tightly to her chest.
Additionally, Serena-sama shouted at me.
“Satou Kazuma! As my puppet, I order you to stay right there! Just stay still for a moment!”
“Oh fine. I don’t really mind him staying this way, but… Here, Kazuma, let me give you a hug… Just stay right here… right… ? Hey, wait, stop squirming and stay still! Aqua! Quickly! The bindings on my chest…!”
“Megumin! Just keep him right there and turn him towards me!”
Something cold splashed against my head as I rubbed my face into Megumin’s chest.
I can feel something leaving my body as that cold liquid flowed down me.
Hey, cut it out. I like being this way.
There’s still stuff I want to do with Serena-sama.
To do that, I need the power of the Dark Goddess of Vengeance, Regina-sama…
“… Huh?”
Why do I need the power of a Goddess of Vengeance again?
And, actually, Serena-sama?
Why did I start addressing a Demon King’s General with -sama…?
Why did I suddenly start worshipping a random unknown goddess in the first place?
… Ah, right.
Just before I lost consciousness, I recall earnestly yearning to take vengeance on the Demon King’s General for the wounds she inflicted on our useless goddess…
“Kazuma, did it work? Are you healed?”
Something was slapping me.
When I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw was Megumin’s face, right in front of me.
… …
“I think I’ll get healed a lot more if you hug me a little more tightly.”
“It seems like you are back. Now… H-Hey, if you’re healed, then please let go of me!”
As Megumin started pulling away from me, I had no choice but to stand up.
It feels like I was having an amazing dream.
And it feels like I had a really wonderful God looking out for me…
… Well, nevermind that.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, are you okay? If you’re going to worship a minor goddess like Regina that I’ve never even heard of, it’d be better for you to worship me. If you convert right now, I promise you’ll be able to get better with your handwriting and a whole host of other benefits too.”
“I don’t need it. In the first place, why do you think I would worship a minor goddess… Hmm?”
… …
What was it again?
“Hey, what was I worshipping?”
Aqua gave me a shrug.
“Who knows? I don’t really know the details.”
I don’t really know myself, but now’s not the time for that.
“Yo. Seems like you’ve regained your senses.”
Serena greeted me, still pinned to the ground by Darkness who was straddling her.
How should I deal with her now…
“… It’d be a problem to take care of you here.”
“Then, what about letting me go? We lived together for a time, didn’t we? I think that’ll definitely make the both of us happy.”
Serena casually said as she raised both her hands.
She’s very much aware that I can’t do anything to her right now.
… Still, there’s something crawling at the edge of my mind.
For instance, since Aqua can revive me even if I was killed by the curse of vengeance, I could simply take her far away from the city and—
… No, murder is impossible for me.
If I could do such a thing, I wouldn’t have a reputation for being a coward.
Perhaps I could tie her up and abandon her in a dungeon…
No, no, that’s just the same as me murdering her…
Dammit, after spending that last few days together with her, I’ve gotten somewhat close to her…
Still, just letting her go like this would be…
“Seems like you’re conflicted… Say, Kazuma, would you suffer at all if you let me go? If you let me go, I’ll make changes to the plan to attack this town. I really want nothing more to do with a town where you live. Really. … Plus there is that Demon King’s Generals in name only, Wiz, and Vanir living here. If we attack this town, there’s no telling what they would do. I’ll rethink the operation when I make it back to the castle. If you let me go, I won’t ever lay a hand on this town again. What do you think? Let’s strike a proper deal this time.”
Seemingly figuring out what is going through my mind, Serena gave me a slight smile.
“… Hey, Kazuma, just who is this woman? Is she part of the Demon King’s army? Should I kill her to protect the inhabitants of this town?”
I grabbed Darkness’s shoulder as she started saying some dangerous things.
Darkness is a noble and was, for a time, the lord of this town.
In order to protect the inhabitants of this town, she might very well go through with it.
Hearing Darkness’s words, I steeled my resolve.
“… Hey, what is that? Why do you still have that with you?”
Serena’s expression fell upon seeing what I retrieved from my bag.
“Sorry Serena, our deal is off. It hurts me too, but since we both broke it, let’s just call it a mutual default.”
What I retrieved from my bag is the set of forbidden potions that Vanir gave to me.
Most of the stuff in that set is useless, but I’m pretty sure there was a level reset potion or something along those lines amongst them.
I always relied on the power of my companions to get through these troublesome situations, but, just this once, I would like to see things through to the end.
If I use the potion on her, my level would probably be reset as well thanks to her curse of vengeance.
“What are you planning… Hey, Kazuma, don’t do it. Aren’t we friends who’ve lived together for a time? Come on, let me off.”
But, between a NEET who has the weakest class and a General of the Demon King’s army, it’s fairly obvious who would suffer more if both our levels were reset back to one.
I retrieved the level reset potion from the case and knelt down next to Serena.
“Sorry, I’ll have you redo things from level one together with me.”
“!?”
Serena started struggling upon hearing that, and Darkness delivered a punch to her stomach.
“Gurk!”
“Uck!? W-What’s this? Hey, Kazuma, when I hit this woman, my stomach…”
I quickly instructed Darkness who seemed taken aback.
“If you attack her, any damage you do will be mirrored upon you. Whatever you do, don’t kill her. It seems like a death curse will befall a large area around here should she die.”
“… I see, so that’s why you fell unconscious after you gave her a drop kick that one time.”
Megumin muttered after hearing my explanation.
Darkness, however, wordlessly started pulling on Serena’s cheeks for some reason.
“Ow ow ow! What are you doing!?”
“Aah… You’re still hiding something, right? Come on, out with it! You can’t fool me that easily! Pant pant… I-It hurts…! Kuu, but I’m not the sort of person who’d give up so easily…!”
“What are you saying!? Kazuma pretty much knows everything! Ow! Hey, cut it out, there really isn’t anything more I haven’t already told Kazuma! OW! Cut it out! The pain would just go right back to you! Seriously, stop! Stop!”
Darkness started enjoying herself with the effects of Regina’s protection, and Serena desperately struggled under her grip.
I held out the potion in one hand.
“Hey, Kazuma, stop this wom—… W-Wait, stay back! Your level will drop too, you know? Think about it. It’s not like you’d personally benefit if my level drops, right? Seriously, think about it!”
“Well, I’ll just slowly earn my levels back. I’m pretty close to reaching my stat cap anyway, and I have enough money to live comfortably, so there’s no need to rush… Let’s go all the way to the end with your loyal subordinate, Serena-sama. Come on, let’s start over from zero.”
Serena managed to free one of her hands and grabbed Darkness who was pulling on her cheeks.
“You really are the greatest threat to the Demon King’s army.”
“You are exaggerating. I’ll be living a laid back life from now on, so if you ever make it back to the castle, please relay that to the Demon King.”
In response to my seemingly jovial words, Serena pointed her finger at me.
What is she…
… Ah.
“You really are too dangerous to be left alone. If you’ve regained your senses, that means I’m back to being the only worshipper of Regina. All my powers must have returned to me. Farewell, my wilful puppet.”
I grabbed the hand that Serena was using to point at me.
Darkness moved to place her hand back over Serena’s mouth, but Serena was faster.
“Death.”
“Welcome home, master!”
I found myself in a very familiar white room.
The moment I opened my eyes, a cheerful Eris-sama was standing in front of me.
“… You seem to be enjoying yourself, Eris-sama.”
“You’ve gotten used to coming here by now, so if I didn’t do this, you wouldn’t have a sense of novelty, right? Though, sorry, I suppose it’s not really something I should say considering your situation.”
Saying that, Eris-sama gave me a wry smile.
“… Can you do that one more time?”
“It’s a little weird to say this since I’m the one who did it first, but I won’t be doing that again.”
And she’s always so agreeable whenever she’s Big Boss.
“… S-So what happened to everyone else after she casted Death on me?”
“Darkness punched her in a fit of fury, so both of them are out of it at the moment. Senpai is working on resurrecting you, and Megumin-san is attending to Darkness after tying up the Demon King’s General… Please be at ease. Everyone’s fine.”
I let out a sigh of relief after hearing Eris-sama’s words.
That means that it’s my turn to shine once Aqua revives me.
Honestly speaking, going back to level 1 is quite a heavy price to pay, but it’s the best way I can think of to render Serena powerless.
I’ve considered several other methods, but I really want to settle things with my own hands.
Feeling the tension bleed from me, I collapsed to the floor and sat crossed legged.
… Still, it’s been quite some time since I last died…
This unreasonable world holds no mercy for those that are weak, so such is only to be expected, but is there really nothing I can do to stop dying so often?
I can’t help but feel down after being killed so easily.
Getting used to dying isn’t something that brings me much joy either.
Eris-sama silently smiled at me.
Just seeing her stand in the center of the room with her hands clasped together made me feel revitalized for some reason.
It’s like I’m being released from all my worries.
I thought back to what brought me here.
Why do I have to fight against the Demon King’s Generals? Why do I have to deal with nothing but strong enemies ever since I came to this world?
Even after gaining a fortune, I still had to deal with the Demon King’s daughter planning an attack on the capital and a hit squad attacking the town and what not…
Ahh, what a pain…
Perhaps it’s because I just died, but I can’t help but feel depressed.
Still, I have to go back.
Right now, the only one who knows about the Demon King’s plans to attack the capital or the hit squad coming to the town is me.
And my level has gone back to one along with Serena’s…
Just thinking about what’s to come made me heave a sigh.
Eris-sama gave me a worried look.
“Are you alright? … Well, of course you aren’t. You’re dead after all…”
Saying that, Eris-sama crouched down to bring her head down to my level and stared at my face with that same worried expression on it.
“Big Boss really is cute, you know? Have you ever considered quitting your work as a goddess and eloping with me to a remote world somewhere?”
“You’re going out with Megumin-san. You’re going to get divine punishment if you say such things to a goddess while having a partner.”
Oh, right, Megumin!
“Eris-sama, you’re not pulling any kind of strange strings to make something get in the way whenever Megumin and I are about to cross the line because you harbour secret affections towards me or anything, are you?”
“Of course not! I wouldn’t do something that stupid! Ah! What’s with that expression? Do you doubt me!?”
Ah, just seeing Eris-sama react to my teasing is breathing life back into my battered soul.
“Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san! Everything’s done on my end, so hurry up and come back.”
And right in this calm moment, the voice of the goddess who isn’t the slightest bit calming broke into the room.
I don’t want to go back to that unreasonable world just yet, so I buried my face in my knees and covered my ears.
“U-Um… Senpai is calling you… I do understand how you feel, but…”
Eris-sama seems quite troubled by my attempts at running away from reality.
“… After dying so many times, I can’t help but be depressed. And when I think that I might die again, I just don’t feel like going back anymore. I’m thinking that maybe it isn’t so bad to get reborn into a new life.”
“That’s… Well, I suppose that’s only natural. Simply dying once is already a pretty big shock… Well, Kazuma-san has died fairly clean deaths so far, so the shock should be quite minimal…”
Eris-sama made a troubled expression for a moment, but eventually, she gave a me a warm smile.
“… But, you’ve found wonderful companions in this world and created a quite a few happy memories with them, haven’t you? Don’t you still have things you need to do? There, there, try and remember those happy days…”
I casted my mind back to the experiences I had in this world.
The harsh times I spent living together with Aqua in the stables back when I first came to this world.
The huge debts I got unreasonably burdened with.
Meeting companions who are good at nothing but causing problems, and cleaning up after them.
The town that’s full of weirdos…
And me repeatedly dying as a result.
There’s also the bit about how even though things have been going well with my companions, I still haven’t managed to cross the line.
“… I really think I’d like to be reborn again…”
“Ehh!?”
Maybe I’d ask to get reborn as the pet cat of a rich person back on Earth.
Then I’d leisurely sleep and eat my life away.
“Kazuma-san! Hurry up! Hurry up!”
Aqua’s irritating voice broke into the room again.
I gave it my all.
I really gave it my all.
Even if I head back, I get the feeling like I’d end up back here in a jiffy.
“I’ve decided to be reborn! I’ll leave the rest to you! Please tell the other two that I wish them happiness!”
“Eeh!?”
Eris squeaked in shock as I shouted that to no one in particular, but she eventually fell silent.
And then…
“That man is saying stupid stuff again! Stop messing around. Why do you say such stupid things every so often? Do you really like troubling me that much? Are you stupid? Are you really stupid? Is that why you ended up at the beck and call of that priest?!”
“Ah!”
Aqua’s reprimand cracked through the air.
“You stop messing around! For whose sake do you think I picked a fight with a Demon King’s General in the first place!? I kept fighting with that priest behind everyone’s backs to protect this town, you know?! I got brainwashed at the end of that intense battle—”
“Eh, wait, Megumin, what are you doing? Huh?”
… Hey.
“That won’t work on me anymore! I don’t care what kind of pranks or whatever else you do with my body! Unless you start crying and begging me to come back…”
“Megumin, what are you doing!? No, wait, what are you doing!? Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san! Hurry up and come back! If you don’t hurry up…!”
… I won’t be fooled so easily. No matter what you do with my corpse now…
Yes, those kinds of threats will no longer—
“Kazuma-san! Megumin is…! Megumin is saying something about taking your first time or whatever and is doing something really amazing right now! Actually, Megumin, you really shouldn’t be doing that sort of thing in broad daylight!”
You’re tempting me with erotism?!
“… …”
Seeing me squirming on the ground, Eris-sama seemed to grow colder for some reason.
Ah, what should I do? If I don’t go back, I’ll miss the moment I become an adult…!
But if I go back now, I’ll get teased as an easy guy who fell for Megumin’s seductions easily… No, no, no, but…!
“Hey, Megumin, I don’t think something that big will fit for Kazuma-san’s first time. Kazuma-san’s Kazuma-san’s will definitely break.”
… …
“Hey, by first time, you mean that!?”
“Megumin, you can’t do that! That’s food! You can’t do that sort of things with food! You’ll get punished!”
“Cut it out! Aqua, I’ll head back right away, so stop her right now!”
“Aaah! Megumin! Megumin! You can’t do that! He said he’s coming back right now, so hurry up and pull his pants—!”
I immediately stood up.
“Anyway, Eris-sama, I have some urgent business to take care of, so I’ll take my leave here.”
I rushed over to the gate and pushed it open…
“Ah, have a safe trip… Wait, no, Kazuma-san! Sorry to bother you when you’re in a rush, but there’s something important I need to say—”
“Right now!? We had plenty of time before this, so why did you wait till now to tell me!? Just come see me as Big Boss after I’ve made it back!”
“Megumin, why do you always do such brash acts!? Come on, he’s coming back soon, so hurry up and get rid of the evidence!”
I briefly turned back to Eris-sama.
She gave me an apologetic look and said,
“The truth is, that world is—”
“Megumin, don’t remove it, put it back on! Oh no, we don’t have enough time—!”
“Sorry, Eris-sama, I really can’t afford to stay right now! Aqua! Stop her! I’ll give you some pocket money later, so stop her!”
There’s just no way to maintain any sort of serious atmosphere with Aqua’s voice constantly breaking in like this.
“I mean, there’s a lot of stuff you can’t show to Kazuma…! Ah, Megumin, you can’t! You can’t! Aah!”
“Don’t give up! Don’t you dare give up, Aqua! I’ll head back right away!”
Eris-sama, her face bright red, shouted as I pushed through the gate.
“That world is currently facing a crisis! At this rate, it’s highly possible that the Demon King really will end up wiping out humanity! Please listen to me—!”
—The first thing I saw when I came to was Aqua and Megumin staring at my face.
“Ah! Welcome back, Kazuma! It really was a close one, wasn’t it?”
“W-W-Welcome back.”
Megumin was blushing slightly and seemed out of breath.
Additionally, she also seems to be hiding something behind her.
When I looked into her eyes, she quickly averted her gaze.
My trousers are in disarray and seemed to be hastily put on.
That really isn’t something that puts me at ease.
And behind the two of them were Darkness and Serena lying unconscious across the yard.
“I-I’ll go continue seeing to Darkness, okay?”
Saying that, Megumin quickly moved to Darkness’s side, almost as if she was running away from me.
I turned my gaze to Aqua who was exceptionally fidgety right now.
“Hey, Aqua.”
“What? I stopped her, alright? The two of us looked at your little Kazuma-san, but we didn’t do anything, alright!?”
… This-This girl…
After calming myself, I said to Aqua.
Source @CGtranslations.me
“… Say… Do you still want to return to heaven?”
“Kazuma! Come on, wake up! It’s morning! Hurry up and wake up!”
The next day.
Without even a single knock, Aqua cheerfully bounced into my room and started pestering me.
I lazily poked my head out from under my blanket, and noticed it’s still dim outside my window.
“… What time is it…?”
“It’s just before five.”
It’s too early for this…
When I crawled back under my blanket, Aqua leapt onto my bed.
“Why are you crawling back into your bed!? Come on, wake up! Get dressed and we’ll head to the guild to pick up some quests and raise your level!”
“Spare me~ I was up late drinking last night, so I really want to sleep until evening today… I was celebrating taking down another Demon King’s general yesterday.”
—Yesterday, after I passed Eris-sama’s message to Aqua, I proceeded as planned and reduced both Serena’s and my levels back to one.
I then left the unconscious Serena with the police and told them about everything I knew, but…
Now that she’s been weakened, Serena should no longer be able to cast all those strong curses she was using in this town.
The Knight said that she’d be thoroughly interrogating her.
They’d also be coming up with countermeasures against the Demon King’s daughter’s invasion plans and the sneak attack on Axel and what not.
I received quite a sum for capturing a Demon King’s general and stopping her plans.
… That said, now that I’ve been reduced back to level one, there really is nothing more I can do.
There’s nothing I could’ve done about the attack on the capital anyways, and the adventurers that Serena puppeted were released from their state, so her plan of helping the invasion force from the inside is a complete non-starter now.
Without aid from the inside, it’d be quite difficult for this town to fall to hostile forces.
Plus, now that the mastermind behind the plan, Serena, has been taken out, it’s quite possible that the entire operation would be scrapped.
So that’s why I put myself at ease and celebrated my success until the wee hours of the morning…
“Wake up! Wake up! Come on, hurry up and wake up! For the sake of humanity, and for the sake of the future, we’re going after the Demon King!”
But Aqua starting saying such things before the sun has risen while repeatedly slapping me on the back.
Defeating the Demon King.
There’s a reason why she suddenly started saying such stupid things.
Yes, it’s the message from Eris-sama.
“Some hero chosen by the goddess will take care of the Demon King before long… Anyway, good night…”
“The goddess is right here, you know!? I choose you as the hero, so hurry up and wake up!”
—The crisis that Eris-sama mentioned is the same thing that I heard from Serena: The fact that new potential heroes have stopped appearing in this world.
It was originally Aqua’s job to give the people from Japan cheat-like powers and send them to this world.
However, ever since the angel took over, it seems like there hasn’t been a single person who accepted that deal.
Apparently, the new angel is far too honest and doesn’t attempt to dress things up at all.
She tells them about the fate and survival rate of the people who have been sent over, the possible side effects of learning the language, how hard life is in this world, and all kinds of other details.
… In other words, it’s only because the person handling the recruitment is Aqua that anyone would accept the deal to be transported to this world.
“You were the one who sent people like me here without explaining everything. I’m sleeping till the afternoon to protest!”
“You always sleep till noon anyways! Come on, a goddess is making a request of you! A beautiful goddess is making a tearful request of you, so why don’t you ever listen to me!?”
There are a lot of threats in this world.
Even if the Demon King weren’t here, there would still be plenty of threats to humanity.
It seems like heaven realized the value of a goddess that’s good at scammi— no, I mean, persuasion, and wants her back as soon as possible.
“Say, is heaven really that short on manpower? Couldn’t they just grab a goblin from somewhere to do your work?”
“I won’t let things slide if you keep poking fun at me. I’ll use voice mimicry magic to imitate that strange devil’s voice and laugh for an entire day by your bed.”
It’d be one thing if it was back during my time in the stables when I wanted to get her out of my party as soon as possible, but now that I’ve gained a measure of stability, what possible reason could I have to go after the Demon King?
More to the point, it’s way too reckless.
The only reason why I managed to foil Serena’s plans and defeat her was because of multiple coincidences conveniently working out in my favour.
And she’s considered one of the weakest amongst the Generals.
Not to mention, even as weak as she was, I still got killed at the end.
And you’re telling me to go attack her boss in his castle filled wall to wall with his powerful underlings?
Are you an idiot?
I turned my head to look at Aqua who was still straddling me and repeatedly hitting me on the back.
“… We’re talking about the Demon King, you know? There’s no way I can defeat someone like him. Do you really think I look like someone who can defeat the Demon King?”
“Of course not. Even I’m not that delusional.”
… This girl.
“Then what do you want? Even if I raise my level and we head off to the Demon King’s castle, if we aren’t taken out by strong monsters on the way, we’d be surrounded by his forces the moment we reach his castle and get taken out. You, Megumin, and Darkness will end up in a really bad way at their hands. The only one who’d be happy with that is Darkness, you know?”
“Of course I know that. I’ve put some thought into it myself too, you know? All I need you to do is to raise your level enough to bring me close to the castle, that’s all.”
… Oh?
“Well, if you have a decent plan of some sort, I don’t mind hearing you out.”
“Listen well. There was a time when we wanted to head straight for the Demon King’s castle, didn’t we? But then they told us that there’s a barrier around the castle. A barrier maintained by his generals.”
Hmm?
Was there such a thing?
I didn’t feel like it concerned me back then, so I didn’t really pay attention.
Taking my silence as understanding, Aqua continued her explanation.
“And you neutralized another General yesterday. A level one General can’t possibly maintain the barrier. That means that the only generals left supporting the barrier are… how many of them are left now?”
“… There were originally eight of them, right? The first one we encountered was that dullahan Beldia. After that, there’s Vanir, Hans, Sylvia, Wolbach, and now Serena… So, including Wiz, that just leaves two of them.”
“Yes, there are only two generals left! With my amazing goddess power, I can probably destroy a barrier maintained by only two generals if I put some effort into it! It’d be best if I can take down the barrier entirely, but even if that’s impossible, I should be able to open a hole big enough for someone to go through.”
… …
“Well, that’s good and all, but how exactly are we going to defeat the Demon King?”
Aqua confidently replied.
“Once the barrier is down, the rest is simple! I’d recruit the help of my precious Axis Cult, the Crimson Demons, and the people running this country! We’ll use those connections you forged in this world and tell them that the barrier around the castle is down!”
So she intends on leaving the hard work to others.
But, well, it’s true that without the barrier, the Demon King would need to station a large amount of his forces around the castle for defence.
Just that alone would heavily shift the tides of battle.
“But what happens if you can’t break the barrier entirely?”
“Then I’ll have to leave it to you.”
Oh?
“Tell me more about that.”
“Using Enemy Detection and Lurk, you can sneak right up to where the Demon King is sleeping and assassinate him.”
“Screw off.”
Ignoring the fuss Aqua is making, I once again covered my head with the blanket.
I was having lunch together with Darkness and Megumin in the hall of the mansion.
“Hey, Kazuma, can I have a moment?”
Aqua, a serious expression on her face, slid up to me with her hands behind her back.
It feels like she’s about to tell me something important.
“… What’s wrong? You have a really serious look on your face.”
I looked up from the leg of roast duck I was eating and met Aqua’s gaze.
“Please listen to me! I really don’t think it’s good for us to remain like this!”
She gulped before suddenly saying that.
I’m still chewing on the roast duck, but I suppose I should hear her out.
“What do you mean by that?”
“This self indulgent lifestyle! Are you really okay with this? Sleeping until noon and doing nothing but eating and sleeping! You’ve changed! You really have changed, Kazuma-san!”
Where did this come from?
Megumin and Darkness put down their utensils.
“This man has pretty much been this way since forever.”
“Yeah, that’s how he was. Besides, haven’t you been living the same way, Aqua?”
… …
“Yeah, he might have been the same way before, but I really want the old Kazuma back! The one who was burdened with debts and worked hard every day to earn just a little bit of money!”
“Right, come at me. I’ll turn you into my experience points.”
I stood up with fork in hand, and Aqua guardedly took up a boxing stance.
“What’s wrong? You normally laze around just as much as Kazuma, so where did this come from?”
“The fuss from that priest just got resolved not long ago, so I understand not wanting to go on any quests for a while… Just what brought this on, Aqua?”
Aqua gulped when faced with the questions of those two.
“That’s… well, you know, the duties and responsibilities of an adventurer…”
… …
“… Or something…”
Aqua trailed off in the face of our disbelieving stares, practically withering as she did.
“As adventurers, we have a responsibility to the people of the world… Gurk… Waaah!”
Being unable to stand our gazes any longer, Aqua wailed and ran away.
“—What’s up with Aqua?”
After finishing her meal, Megumin asked as she helped herself to some after lunch tea.
Darkness was also hanging around, surreptitiously wiping her mouth with her napkin.
“Don’t worry too much about it. She just got bitten by a strange bug that made her want to defeat the Demon King, that’s all.”
“Demon King!?”
The two of them shouted the moment I mentioned the Demon King.
“The Demon King, huh? Very well, in order to cement my status as the strongest, let’s go defeat the Demon King. You pretty much defeated Serena on your own, and the battle against the Ninnin was over too quickly. Plus, the victory felt somewhat hollow anyways.”
Since when did you become the strongest?
And don’t propose doing something like that in the same tone of voice you would use to ask someone to pick something up at the convenience store.
“… The Demon King, huh… He must have a really strong attack… Perhaps strong enough to destroy my precious armour in a single blow…”
And this pervert is staring off into space with a dreamy expression and flushed cheeks.
It’s been some time since I was last reminded of this, but, yeah, these are the sort of people these two are.
“I’ll just say this up front, I’m not heading out to fight him. Don’t misunderstand me just because we happened to take out a few of his Generals. If I have to say, our party is more on the useless side, so… Even if you give me those puppy dog eyes, I’m still not heading out.”
Source @CGtranslations.me
“—Seriously, what’s up with her?”
That night.
I was laying in my room, using my hands as a pillow as I mulled over things.
Seriously, just what is she thinking?
Sure, I forcibly dragged her into this world, so I can understand her wanting to go back now that it’s a possibility.
Still, I’m a little taken aback by how quickly she came to this decision.
Is our relationship really that shallow?
… Well, from what Megumin told me, it seems like she got really depressed recently after the actions of the puppeted adventurers made her feel unneeded.
I’m sure that has some influence on what she’s trying to do now.
She’s an idiot, but even she’s not that carefree…
… …
Or perhaps she’s just blinded by how heaven needs her and hasn’t thought about how she won’t be able to see us again if she goes back.
Well, goddesses have their own thought processes and values.
She might be that way, but she’s still technically a goddess with ardent believers of her own.
If she puts her mind to it, even a Demon King…
A Demon King…
… Nah, that’s impossible.
How long was I asleep for, I wonder?
I heard a voice coming from quite some distance away.
“… Chosen… goddess…”
That was a very calming voice.
It felt like it brought strength flowing out from the bottom of my heart…
“Chosen of the goddess, the legendary…”
Yes, I’m the chosen of the goddess, the legendary…
… Legendary?
I opened an eye.
As I did so, I felt someone’s breath tickle my ear, along with a fair amount of whispering.
“Chosen of the goddess, the legendary hero Satou Kazuma… The fate of humanity is in your hands… Now, rise up against the Demon King… Grant the wish of the beautiful goddess!”
Turning my head, I came eye to eye with Aqua who was creeping around and whispering something into my ear.
“… What are you doing?”
“… I-I wanted to see Kazuma-san’s cute sleeping face…”
I leapt out from my bed.
“Darkness, Megumin, come quick! Aqua came here on a night raid—!”
“Waaaah! I’m sorry! I was trying to brainwash you!”
“Hey, Kazuma, please take a look at this.”
It’s been three days since Serena was captured.
From what I’ve heard, it seems like they managed to wring some information out of her and are planning on transporting her to the capital’s prison.
Also, I finally remembered where I’ve heard Regina’s name before.
She was the same goddess that the ghost we were hired to vanquish that time, Lucy, looked up to.
Lucy thought she was the last worshipper of Regina, but to think that there was still one amongst the Demon King’s forces…
I’ve now defeated two of Regina’s followers. I really hope she forgives me for this, if nothing else, at least because I was also her worshipper at one point.
Right now, I’m sitting cross-legged on the sofa in my mansion as I sorted through my equipment.
I’ve been buying scrolls and potions to bring with me whenever I set out on an adventure as of late, but I haven’t had the chance to use them once.
Even back when I was on Earth, I was the type of person who’d hoard powerful healing items in games and not use them even when I was facing down the final boss.
Just when I was thinking of a way to make good use of the forbidden potion set that Vanir foisted onto me, Aqua, walking by Darkness who was sitting next to me and looking at my items with interest, gave me a piece of paper.
…?
I stopped working on my stuff and took piece of paper off her hands.
Darkness joined me as well.
The title was written with elegant penmanship.
“What do you think of the Demon King? Survey results.”
“… The title of Demon King sounds kinda cool (Baker). Seems like the sort of person who’d feed stray dragons while keeping it a secret from his underlings (Pet shop owner). Nevermind that, I’d rather you just lend me money (Delinquent). When I told him I’d be leaving the castle to set up a shop, he said it was a good idea and lent me some money (Pale-looking Shopkeeper). Nevermind him, Moi is stronger (Obvious). My god is the Demon King (Tired-looking man).”
…….
“What the hell is this?”
“Ahh! That’s not the right one! That’s the one with the answers that shouldn’t be shown to you!”
Can you really call it a survey then?
“Look at this one! This one holds the opinions of the residents of this town who are suffering and fearful of the Demon King!”
Saying it, Aqua shoved another piece of paper into my hands.
“… We set up a store in this town, but business just isn’t picking up. I don’t really understand why, but the Demon King probably has something to do with it (Owner of a skeevy shop). I’m too afraid of the Demon King to sleep at night, so I have no choice but to sleep during the day. I can’t hold down a proper job thanks to that, and it’s all his fault I’m still living with my parents. (NEET). Because the Demon King exists, our god just isn’t popular at all (Worshipper of the god of destruction). Yeah, yeah, he’s totally scary. He’s just as scary as a cup of chilled neroid (Person in the theatre). It’s the Demon King’s fault that I can’t get together with her (Middle-aged man). It’s the Demon King’s fault that I can’t get a boyfriend (Guild lady).
…
“I’ll repeat what I said, what the hell is this?”
Aqua reacted with obviously feigned shock and surprise.
“How could you say that!? Kazuma, do you really not feel anything ever after hearing about all the troubles the people in this town face because of the Demon King!? That’s why people are calling you the gigolo NEET of that shameless woman!”
“H-Hey, I can’t ignore that. Is that the nickname they gave me when I was being puppeted by that woman?”
Aqua ignored my words and thrusted a finger at me.
“Don’t you feel any shame as an adventurer? Even as you are fooling around with Darkness here, the people the world over are living in fear of the Demon King! Apologize! Apologize for calling yourself an adventurer! Apologize to everyone in the world!”
“W-We’re not fooling around or anything, I’m just curious what Kazuma is doing with those items!”
At Darkness’s words, Aqua seemed to finally notice what I’ve been working on.
“What are you doing?”
“Those are the set of forbidden potions that Vanir gave me. This potion causes monsters to attack you for the rest of your life, this one heavily increases your magic power but kills your hair follicles in exchange, this one makes your levels shoot up in exchange for reducing your mana to zero, and there’s this one that attracts the opposite sex but makes you smell like a goblin. I was just thinking if there’s any way to make use of them.”
The only one that seems useful is taking the level up potion along with the balding potion.
If I use both of them in that order, I’ll be able to gain a lot of levels at once while still having magic power.
Of course, I’d end up bald as a result.
I wonder if healing spells works on the hair follicles destroyed by that potion…
Just as I was thinking that, Darkness shoved her face in front of me.
“Hey, Kazuma, can you sell me the potion that attracts monsters—”
“Absolutely not.”
Shortly afterwards, we received a request to escort Serena to the capital.
However, it seems like it will take some time before the preparations and paperwork for her transfer would be finalized.
With such a reason in hand, I could go back to my NEET life without any shame at all.
“Cockadodledooo!”
… Or at least, that’s the plan.
“Cocka! Cockadodledooo!”
“No, Emperor Zell! You shouldn’t make noise right now! That man has been saying a lot of stuff about turning you into dinner as of late! He’ll do it! A man as brutish as Kazuma-san will really do it! So please go back to your quiet and gentle self! Seeing your unruly side is quite beautiful too, but you can’t make such a fuss this early in the morning. We need your power as a dragon to take down the Demon King, so before you grow big enough to fly us all the way to the Demon King’s castle, you need to quietly build up your power.”
“Cockadodledooo!”
“No, Emperor Zell, please be quiet!”
“Oh shut up! What are you doing so early in the morning!? Keep it down already!”
I leapt out of my bed and yelled through the window.
Directly below my room is the coop where we keep Zell, and it’s at that place where Aqua and Zell are currently making a ruckus.
“Wasn’t he supposed to take a long time to grow up because of his high mana!? When did he suddenly become a rooster!?”
“Emperor Zell is a lifeform steeped in mystery! He’s a dragon, after all. He must have gotten fired up over fighting the Demon King and awakened to some kind of mysterious power!”
Zell has somehow changed jobs from a chick to prime chicken meat.
“What kind of nonsense are you saying!? If you don’t shut that chicken up, I’m going to turn him into dinner!”
“Emperor Zell, I’ll stop that fiend here, so hurry up and run! Don’t worry about me, just run! Live free and grow strong! Once you’ve fully grown, we’ll go fight the Demon King together! Be careful of the butcher on the third street!”
“Cocka cock…!”
“Aah, Emperor Zell! Are you saying you won’t leave me alone? Very well, let’s face down that fiend together! As your mother, I’ll definitely protect you!”
After saying some strange things, Aqua took Emperor Zell from his coop and hugged him close to her chest.
“I don’t care what you do, just let me sleep in peace. Seriously, I’m begging you.”
“Then, will you promise not to say stuff like turning him into dinner and such?”
“Yes, yes, I won’t say that anymore. In exchange, please move his coop to someplace else.”
Saying that, Aqua held Zell in front of her and said something about getting Darkness to help her move the coop later.
“… Still, are you still going on about the Demon King? Just give up on him already. The last General, the Demon King’s daughter, is still hanging around his castle, and so are a whole bunch of elite monsters. Just leave that kind of dangerous stuff to the actually strong people and enjoy our lives here. Don’t worry, someone will definitely take care of it. We should be enjoying our lives now that we have fame and fortune.”
Aqua hugged Zell and shook her head in an exasperated manner upon hearing my words.
“This is why Japanese that are used to peace are… Why do you always think of this as someone else’s problem? It’s because of your naive way of thinking that you end up dying more often than a guy playing spelunker.”
Aqua looked at Zell and went “Right~?”.
This girl… The main reason I die so often is because of you.
She’s saying whatever she wants because she thinks I can’t touch her from the second floor.
“Leave such thoughts back on Earth. Right now, this world is at war. The Demon King’s daughter is about to lead a large army against the capital, right? And there’s still a chance that they will attack this town…”
Even if you say that, I can’t help it. I just don’t get that sense of urgency.
Perhaps it’s because spent my entire life growing up in Japan…
…?
“What’s wrong? Why are you opening and closing your mouth like that? Are you imitating a fish now? If it’s some kind of party trick, it doesn’t look impressive at all, you know?”
Aqua hastily returned Zell to his coop.
“That’s not it! Yes, right, the Demon King! Kazuma, now’s the perfect time to take down the Demon King!”
She’s still going on about that?
“Ah, ah, wait! Don’t go back to sleep, Kazuma-san, please hear me out! If the Demon King’s daughter is leading a large force to attack the capital, that means that the castle is empty! And if they attack this town on top of that…! They have the barrier, so they feel safe sending such a large force out! If we attack them while their armies are out, if we are lucky, there might only be the Demon King in the castle! After all, there’s no need to keep a powerful force in reserve when they have that barrier of theirs, right!? This might be the perfect chance to launch a raid on his castle!”
… True, it certainly does seem better than attacking while he has all his forces in the castle…
“Even if you say that… Ah, I’ve been meaning to ask you, but can healing magic cure baldness?”
“Leaving aside cases where the hair has been burnt off, that normally wouldn’t work… I’m sorry I can’t help you, Kazuma.”
“I’m not going bald yet! There’s a potion in that forbidden set that increases your magic in exchange for turning you bald, right!? I was just thinking of drinking that along with the potion that increases your levels in exchange for your magic, that’s all!”
I quickly explained myself to prevent any misunderstandings, but…
“There isn’t one.”
“… Huh? What do you mean?”
Aqua picked up Zell and raised him high as though she was showing him off.
“I gave the potion that increases your levels in exchange for your magic to Emperor Zell. Look at his beautiful body. At this rate, it seems like he will be able to eat the Demon King in a single glup in about ten years, don’t you think?”
… That means…
“What!? You used that potion that could’ve been my trump card on him!? Why!? Why are you so stupid!? Why do you always ruin my plans!?”
“W-What, you don’t have to get that angry! I just thought that if Emperor Zell gained a few levels and grew larger, he’d be able to do something against the Demon King! Come on, look! Don’t you think he looks a lot stronger now?”
I looked at the chicken that Aqua was holding in her hand.
“… Pfft.”
And snorted.
“—What are the two of you raising such a fuss about so early in the morning? Kazuma, breakfast is ready, so… Y-You look like you’re having fun…”
After entering my room, Darkness said such carefree things.
“Cut it out! You’ll let mosquitoes in if you break a hole in the window! If you break it, I’ll use your room until the window is fixed! Wind Breath!”
“Using magic is cheating! If you don’t want your window broken, then help me out with taking out the Demon King!?”
Aqua picked up a rock from the yard and threw it up at me, which I intercepted with my wind spell.
However, it’d be bad for me if things continue like this.
“Create Water!”
A ball of water appeared above Aqua’s head and splashed down on her.
But, even though she was soaking wet, she seemed completely unperturbed and looked triumphantly up at me.
“So you’re giving the goddess of water a refreshing shower now? Did you forget? I can be completely submerged in water and it wouldn’t do a thing to me. Even if it’s getting cold out, this is but a reward to me—”
Before Aqua could finish her sentence.
“Create Earth.”
“Wait, no, stop-”
I threw a shower of dirt at the soaking wet Aqua.
—After satisfying myself with Aqua’s cries, I went down to the hall.
Sitting right on the sofa was Megumin, sipping a cup of tea. She was dressed in her Crimson Demon robes and had her staff by her side.
“I’ve been waiting for you, Kazuma. Would you mind heading somewhere with me once you’ve finished breakfast? There’s something I need to do, and I would like you to be my witness.”
After being smothered in mud, Aqua is currently in the bath, and Darkness is helping her wash her hagoromo…
“Well, I don’t mind… But witness? That makes it sound like you’re headed off to a duel or something.”
“But aren’t we friends!? Aren’t we bosom friends!? We just declared an eternal rivalry in the Crimson Demon Village not to long ago, so why did it turn out like this!?”
“It’s precisely because we are eternal rivals! You were the one who gave me the letter to meet you in the forest because you had something important to talk about! Now come on, bring it!”
The forest close to the town.
Megumin was guarding herself with her staff as she faced off against a frantic looking and teary eyed Yunyun.
“And here I was wondering what was going on… So Yunyun challenged you to a duel again?”
“That’s not it! That’s not it at all! It’s not a duel! I just had something to discuss with Megumin!”
As the two of us had this exchange, Megumin waved her staff around in a threatening manner.
“Then why did you call me out to such a deserted place!? If you had something to discuss, you could just pay me a visit!”
“Eh!? B-But… If I walked in when you and Kazuma-san were having a good moment, you’ll definitely tell me not to come back… Friendship between women is as flimsy as tissue paper when romance is involved… I read that in a book…”
Yunyun’s voice slowly faded as she went on.
“We’ve been interrupted a lot of times by loads of different people by now, so I wouldn’t get angry over just that! Plus, if you really did come in at a bad time, I’d just chase you out for that day, that’s all!”
“Eh!?”
I think what Megumin said just made things worse.
“So, anyway, what was the thing you needed to discuss with Megumin?”
At my words, Yunyun offered a letter to Megumin.
“This is something the Crimson Demon villagers sent…”
Megumin received the letter and started reading out loud.
“… The Demon King’s army is marching on the capital in force. All Crimson Demons, in preparation for when the Kingdom calls us to their aid, please gather at the village… Fufu, so the time has finally come when my power is needed. Very well! Yunyun, let’s go show the Demon King’s army what we can…”
Megumin, who started out so confidently, suddenly trailed off as she continued reading.
Yunyun seemed somewhat uncomfortable as she said.
“Umm… They wrote to show the letter to you too, so…”
I moved over to Megumin who has frozen and looked over her shoulder.
“… Oh, so Yunyun is in charge of the first squad. As expected of the future chief. Now, Megumin is… She’s at the corner of the second squad. Substitute is written next to her name…”
“Megumin can’t use advanced magic, so that’s probably why she’s benched-Aaah!”
Megumin folded the piece of paper into an airplane and sent it flying into the forest.
“What are you doing!? I still have to show that letter to the other Crimson Demons!”
Yunyun angrily shouted at Megumin, but the person in question seemed to pay it no heed.
“Who cares about that. More importantly, what are you going to do? You just came back to Axel recently, so are you heading back to the village again?”
Yunyun started to say something, but she bit her lip before she could.
It seems like she has something to say, but is too afraid to spit it out.
Just as she started nervously glancing around,
“Seriously, you’re going to be the next chief, so why are you still so hesitant!? If you have something to say, just say it!”
“Ow ow ow! I got it! I’ll say it, so please stop pulling on my hair! … U-Um… I’ve heard that minions of the Demon King will be coming to this town too… I’ve made a few f-frien… acquaintances in this town recently…”
Yunyun, glancing at the ground and fiddling with her thumbs, said in a soft voice.
… Ah, I see.
“The people back home are calling you back to the village, but you have friends in this town too, so you want to stay and protect the people of the town, right?”
“Eh! A-Ah, yes… Friends… I’ve made a few friends in this town…”
By friends, does she mean those people?
I’ve heard that Yunyun has been spending quite a bit of time with a certain blonde delinquent and a certain masked assistant of a magic item shop.
They probably aren’t exactly what I would call good company, but, well, I can’t really say anything about that.
After nodding to herself several times, Yunyun finally raised her head, her face shrouded with pensiveness.
“But a gathering of the entire village is not something that happens often. As the future chief of the Crimson Demons, I can’t possibly ignore the summons when the village calls for a gathering…”
… I see, so she came to talk to Megumin to figure out what she should do.
And the person she came to consult with, Megumin, was facing in a completely different direction…
Wait a minute!
“Hey, Megumin, what are you—”
Before I could complete my sentence, Megumin called out.
“Explosion!”
And sent a blast of Explosion right into the woods, in the same direction where she sent the letter flying a few minutes ago…
“Ah! What are you doing, Megumin!? There are still people I haven’t shown that letter to! What should I do!? What should I…”
Yunyun grabbed her head and started panicking.
Megumin, after unleashing her spell, collapsed to the ground and flashed me the smuggest grin I’ve ever seen on her.
When I gave her just enough mana to stand, she shot right up and confidently declared.
“Did you see that, Kazuma? This is the true power of a Crimson Demon that is worthy of being placed in the first squad!”
Yunyun screamed at her with tears in her eyes.
“W-What should I do!? Really, what should I do now!? Why do you always keep causing trouble for me!?”
“Oh, stop panicking, you spineless girl! Just say the delivery man got captured by orcs on the way or the letter got eaten by your pet Goat Devil or something! You want to protect this town, right? Rather than spending time thinking about such useless stuff, you really should be bolder!”
Megumin said some completely irresponsible things, but Yunyun blushed and made a strange expression that seemed like a mix between being troubled and joyous.
It seems like she’s a little happy that the letter has been destroyed beyond repair.
Well, I do think that Yunyun could stand to learn a little from Megumin’s brashness.
I do think that, but…
I walked up behind her.
“You just don’t want her to go back just because you aren’t happy with how you’re treated, right?”
“Wha—!”
And Megumin stiffened in shock.
“…nii-chan…chan…wake…”
My blanket feels heavy.
On top of that, I can hear a voice gently calling to me from afar.
It’s a line I’ve been hoping to hear for a very long time…
“Onii-chan, wake up! You’ll be late! Come on, wake up!”
Onii-chan.
Roused by those sweet words, I opened my eyes.
“Good morning, Onii-chan! Now, let’s go take down that Demon King like we always do!”
And my self-proclaimed little sister whose age I don’t know cheerfully said while straddling atop my blanket…
“Get off!!”
“Oniiii-chan!!”
I grabbed the edges of my blanket as I sat up, flinging Aqua off from my bed and sending her rolling across the floor.
Without wasting a beat, I rearranged my blanket and collapsed back onto the bed.
As I wrapped myself in my blanket again, I took one last glance at Aqua.
“… Today’s awakening was kinda nice.”
“I knew it. Using ‘Onii-chan’ on the lolicon Kazuma really does work best.”
Source @CGTranslations.me
—For the past few days, Aqua’s been trying all kinds of schemes to persuade me to go take down the Demon King.
“Hey, Kazuma, isn’t it about time you give in already? You might whine and grumble, but you’re the kind of person who always pulls through in the end whenever one of us is in trouble, right?”
“Do you think I’m some kind of blue cat robot who can do anything? In the first place, you are the actual goddess here, so shouldn’t you be the one to resolve such issues?”
Despite my biting remarks, Aqua seemed completely unfazed as she got back to her feet and nonchalantly sat on my bed.
“The only things I can do are purifying water, dealing with undead and devils, and resurrecting people. Goddesses aren’t exactly that great of an existence, you know?”
“So you finally admit it. Can’t you seal away the Demon King or something? Sealing evil existences away is what goddesses are supposed to do, right?”
Aqua hugged her knees close to her chest and stared at my lower body underneath the blanket.
“The only sort of evil I can seal away right now are the kind coming from your pants.”
“D-Don’t stare at it… I can’t help it, it’s morning! Anyway, nevermind that.”
Changing the subject, I looked up at Aqua’s face.
“Right now, it isn’t a guarantee that you would be able to bring down the barrier, right? But if another General would be taken out, you’d definitely be able to bring it down, so let’s wait until then, alright?”
There’s still one more Demon King’s General hanging around.
“The last General is the Demon King’s daughter, right? I don’t know how strong she is, but it’s hard to imagine her coming out without a scratch after attacking the capital. The capital is swarming with those cheat holders, and above all, there’s my sister, the strongest in the world, at the capital as well. Once the attack on the capital fails, I’ll ask the people at the top to send a strong escort with me to take down the barrier. If they fail, well, we can think of another plan when that happens.”
This plan relies a lot on other people doing the hard work, but that’s really the extent of my abilities right now.
This is completely different from what happened in the past where we were just winging it and counting on my luck to see things through.
I’m not a hero or anything.
In fact, my party is one of the worst parties ever put together.
It’s really strange that our party has never been wiped out before this…
“General… If there’s only one general left…”
Aqua was muttering about something.
…?
“Hey, what exactly—”
“Yeah, if there’s only one general left, I’ll definitely be able to take down the barrier! Once the barrier is down, someone will eventually take the Demon King out! Yeah, definitely!”
Aqua suddenly stood up and exclaimed…
Wait, she’s not thinking about…!
“I’m heading out for a bit!”
“Hey, no, wait! Wait a minute!”
Aqua ignored my words and flew out of the room.
—After going out on a morning sprint to chase after Aqua, I finally saw my destination.
I hate to admit it, but Aqua is just much faster than me. The difference in our stats is just way too large.
“Wiz! Where are you!? Stop hiding and come out already!”
“Are you deaf? Moi has already told you that the slacking shopkeeper isn’t here! That shopkeeper orders a whole bunch of useless stuff the moment you take your eyes off her, so Moi is also—… Hey! Remove your hands from my mask!”
As I feared, the sounds of a scuffle can already be heard coming from Wiz’s magic item shop.
Seems like Wiz is out at the moment.
Walking into the shop, I saw Aqua struggling with Vanir, her hands on his mask as she tried to rip it from his face.
Despite being occupied with resisting Aqua’s efforts, Vanir managed to notice my arrival.
“Graaaa-Welcome! Handler, do reign in your rabid hound of a goddess!”
“Don’t call me a handler. Is Wiz out? Actually, this makes it really hard to talk, so cut it out.”
Hearing my words, Aqua reluctantly released her grip.
“Hey, strange devil, if those powers of yours aren’t a scam, hurry up and use them to determine Wiz’s current location.”
“Hmph. Don’t lump my powers together with that of the goddesses who claim omnipotence but are in fact unable to accomplish anything at all. Besides, Moi has already told you, the more power a person has, the harder it is for me to see through them. That defective shopkeeper has no talent for business, but the one thing she does have is power.”
Vanir disgruntledly replied as he straightened up his clothes.
“You talk a big game, but at the end of the day, you just don’t know, do you? You really are completely useless whenever it’s important. This is a little weird coming from me, but doesn’t that make you even worse than me?”
“… Very well, it has been some time, but perhaps it’s time for me to get serious. It’s best that you leave the store. Moi shall settle the score with those irritating gods today.”
These guys really don’t get along…
Just then, I felt someone’s presence behind me.
I turned around, and standing at the doorway was…
“Ah, Kazuma-san, Aqua-sama. Welcome. You came in at just the right time. I just got my hands on an interesting item…!”
Happily saying that, she smiled and motioned towards the paper bag that the penguin following her was holding.
Vanir stiffened up upon seeing that.
Seemingly unable to hold back her curiosity, Aqua wandered over and curiously looked into the paper bag.
Ignoring the penguin who seemed completely petrified with fear, I asked in place of Vanir who was similarly motionless.
“So… What did you buy?”
“I’m glad you asked!”
Wiz happily reached into the bag and took out…
“… A teru teru bozu?”
{TL Note: These things.}
“What’s a teru teru bozu? This is a powerful magic item that can control the weather. Simply hang it at the front of your house and they will forcibly clear up the weather! Normally, controlling the weather requires a long ritual and the use of many rare components, but that can be done with just this item! What do you think? Isn’t it amazing!? It’s amazing, isn’t it?”
It is amazing.
It is very amazing, but…
“… So, does that thing has any side effects? Like using it will cause it to not rain for ten years… Or it requires a large amount of mana…”
“There aren’t any side effects. I’ve learnt after getting lectured by Vanir-san so many times! To use it, all a person needs to do is pour a reasonable amount of mana into it and hang it by the eaves of your house. And it can only be used during a specific season, so there aren’t any downsides at all! What do you think? Isn’t it an amazing item?”
Vanir stiffly walked towards us, and raised the teru teru bozu-like item that Wiz seemed so proud of towards the light.
“And what exactly is the season that you can use these things?”
“It’s right now! It can only be used during this season! I’m not foolish enough to buy something that couldn’t be used. You really are a worrywart, Vanir-san.”
“… Dear customer, do come here for a moment.”
Ignoring Wiz who was smiling brightly, Vanir grabbed me by the shoulder and led me towards a corner of the store.
“… I’ll just say this up front, I won’t buy it.”
“Don’t say that. Moi can definitely feel strong magic coming from this piece of— this wonderful product. Its capabilities are definitely the real deal.”
I see. Well, if he says so, then this item must be the real deal.
I’ve heard that Wiz would prefer buying items containing a large amount of magic whenever she goes out shopping.
Still, there is one last thing that’s bothering me.
“… I don’t recall it ever raining recently. Does it even rain around these parts in this season?”
“… There was a day when it rained around this season twenty years ago.”
“I won’t buy it.”
Vanir moved closer in response to my refusal.
“Don’t say that. This world is very large. There might be a place in the world that’s troubled by extreme rains around this season. If you bring it into such a region, it shall definitely be treated as a prized treasure. If you buy it now, Moi will even throw in the forbidden potion set: number two as a free gift.”
“I won’t buy it. Besides, Aqua can make a similar item on her own. She made a Teru Teru Megumin or something a while back.”
“On top of that, Moi shall throw in a pre-release product that Moi has been developing in secret, the life size body pillow of the erotic shopkeeper.”
“I won’t… Tell me more details.”
Just then,
“Um… Is something the matter, Aqua-sama?”
I heard Wiz hesitantly say—
“—Come to think of it, it’s been over a year since we met, hasn’t it? How ironic… I’m a goddess and you’re a lich. Normally, the two of us could never have such a cordial relationship.”
“Has it already been that long? … Ah, I bought some cookies along with that magic item. Would you like some, Aqua-sama?”
“I’ll have some… No, that’s not it. Say, Wiz, we’ve become way too close to each other. Normally, it would only be natural for me to purify you the moment we met. Yes, a god and an undead. Those are two entities that should never get along this cordially…!”
Aqua said that while nibbling on the cookie she received from Wiz.
Sensing this tense atmosphere, Vanir walked briskly to place himself between Wiz and Aqua.
The shop mascot penguin— no, I mean, the former count Zereshrute was trembling slightly in fear, but he also moved to Wiz’s side.
… I really hope Aqua isn’t serious about this, but…
Standing in front of Wiz as if to protect her, Vanir sternly said.
“There’s a really dangerous aura around you for some reason, Goddess of Violence. Moi doesn’t know what happened, but if you intend to go wild here, Moi will be forced to bill you a tremendous amount for the damages. If you’re prepared for that, then feel free to go ahead.”
Saying that, Vanir pointed his finger at Aqua as a challenge.
But Aqua ignored him and focused on Wiz.
“Wiz… Please understand! We can’t protect this world without defeating you! It pains me to hurt a friend, but, please, Wiz, I want to return to heaven! I’ll make it quick, so please go back to the earth!”
After saying such dramatic words, Aqua took up a combat stance.
As for Wiz, she simply stood there with a blank expression on her face.
After a while, Wiz nodded and said jovial manner.
“… If I return to the earth, will Aqua-sama be able to go back to heaven?”
“Yes, exactly! It’s a pity, Wiz, but there are reasons why I can’t let you off! I don’t mind if you hold a grudge against me, but, as a goddess—”
“Very well.”
“As a goddess…! … It’s fine? No, wait, Wiz, you can’t give up on life so easily! What do you think your life is? You’ll get punished, you know?”
What are you saying? You were the one who was talking about returning her back to the earth and what not in the first place.
There’s a lot I wanted to say, but now’s not the time.
As for Wiz, she still had that blank look on her face as she said,
“If you purify me, you’ll be able to go back to heaven, yes? I don’t understand the details, but something must have cropped up, right? After spending so much time together, I know very well that Aqua-sama is a benevolent and kind person… If that Aqua-sama wants to purify me, I’ll go along with it.”
This time, Vanir is the one to raise a fuss.
“What are you saying, Wiz? Have you forgotten the promise you made with me!? You really are gutsy if you think you can break a contract with a devil! If you go back into the earth, who will create my dungeon for me!? Everything I’ve done for this shop is in service of that goal!”
Wiz seemed taken aback, but regarded Vanir with a smile.
“Vanir-san, you actually called me by my name. I’m sorry I couldn’t keep my promise… Um, he’s asleep in a mansion deep in the forest right now, but I do know another lich. I’ll introduce you to him, so please make do…”
Vanir gritted his teeth upon hearing that, but in the end, he still resolutely stood between Aqua and Wiz.
Wiz turned away from Vanir, clasped her hands together, and smiled at Aqua.
“Normally, it would’ve been natural for you to purify me the moment we met. Thank you for letting me off until now, Aqua-sama. Thanks to that, I was able to manage this shop together with Vanir-san and get to know a lot of other people. I’ve lived a long time, but this past year has been the most enjoyable year of my life. That’s no exaggeration. So nevermind holding a grudge, I should be grateful to you.”
“… … ”
Hearing those words, Vanir wordlessly stepped back.
Judging from the way he’s gritting his teeth, it doesn’t seem like he agrees with Wiz, but is rather respecting Wiz’s decision.
“I originally set up this shop to be a place where my old adventuring companions could come back to. But, just the other day… Yeah, it was back when Vanir and I were talking about our past and Aqua-sama fell asleep. I managed to tell my companions, ‘Welcome home,’ when they came to visit on that day… So I have no regrets.”
And Aqua…
“U…uuuu…”
Seemed like she was on the verge of tears as she retreated, being completely caught off guard by those words.
Seeing Aqua in her state, Wiz called out to her in the same tone of voice one would use to comfort a crying child.
“Aqua-sama, I will have to be purified by someone someday, or I’ll be around forever. If I have to be purified by someone, I would choose to be purified by Aqua-sama. It’d help you, after all. Plus…”
Wiz gave Aqua a pure, unblemished smile, as if to put her at ease and remove any guilt she might be feeling.
“I enjoyed being your friend, Aqua-sama”
In the face of Vanir’s, Zereschrute’s, and my stares.
And Wiz who seemed more worried about Aqua than her own well being.
“U…uuu… Waaaaaah!”
Aqua broke down into tears before fleeing the store.
… To think that the kindest person in this town, and the most respectable person, is a lich…
Such thoughts occupied my mind as I headed back to the mansion to search for Aqua.
Darkness and Megumin were playing a board game while lounging on the sofa in the main hall.
“Say, did Aqua come back?”
“Aqua? She came rushing back in not too long ago and shut herself in her room. I told her dinner’s ready, but she didn’t come out at all. Just what happened?”
I fell into deep thought upon hearing Megumin’s words.
What should I do? Should I just leave her alone for a while?
… No, that’s probably not a good idea.
“It’s, well… Just give me Aqua’s portion of dinner. I’ll bring it up to her.”
After receiving a tray from Megumin, I headed up to Aqua’s room.
Source @CGTranslations.me
“—Hey, I understand how you feel, but don’t just go home without me. Megumin made dinner, so open up.”
“… Leave me alone. I just lost a little bit of my confidence as a goddess right now.”
… Just a little bit, huh?
I called out to Aqua through the gap in the door again.
“Say… Isn’t it fine to put the Demon King out of your head for a while? Is there really a need to rush back to heaven right now?”
“… …”
At the end of the day, Aqua doesn’t hate Wiz.
She does constantly pester her and accidentally purify her when she gets into a fight with Vanir and the like, but, when all is said and done, the two of them have a fairly close relationship.
I called out once again.
“… You know that you won’t be able to see Wiz again if you go back to heaven, right?”
Of course, she wouldn’t be able to see any of us too.
… No, wait, Eris-sama does occasionally come down here to play as Chris, so that might not necessarily be the case.
But would that be the case for Aqua?
From what I recall, Aqua was the goddess in charge of Japan.
Will she be able to pop up here whenever she wants, I wonder?
Aqua was still silent.
I called out one last time.
“… I brought the dinner Megumin made up with me. If you don’t want it, I’ll take it down.”
“… Just leave the food here.”
“—What’s wrong with Aqua? She’s usually the first one at the table. Does her stomach hurt?”
When I returned to the hall, a worried-looking Megumin asked that of me.
Judging from the way Darkness was frowning as she glared at the board, Megumin seemed to be winning in their game.
“Don’t worry. She seems like she’s willing to eat the food I brought up. Give her some time. She’ll definitely come back down once she gets hungry again.”
I casually said that, but in the end, Aqua spent the entire day holed up in her room.
I can’t sleep.
It’s probably around midnight right now.
It’s an extremely quiet night today, to the point where even the usually ever present humming of the bugs were absent.
This morning’s ruckus isn’t anything particularly unusual.
Aqua goes out, causes a ruckus, creates some trouble, and comes back home in tears.
That’s something that happens every day. It’s nothing unusual.
But for some reason, today’s incident weighs really heavily on my mind.
Aqua didn’t respond when I asked her if she’d be okay with not seeing Wiz again after she goes back.
It wasn’t Wiz that I wanted to ask about back then, but something far more personal.
“Are you really fine with being separated from us?”
That’s what I wanted to ask.
… …
… … … …
“AAAAAAAH!”
I rolled around on top of my bed.
What kind of embarrassing thoughts are running through my head right now?
I buried my face into my pillow.
No, no, what I actually wanted to ask was:
“Do you really want to go back after staying here for so long?”
After living together with these three for so long, it’s difficult to imagine life without Aqua.
What exactly does it mean if Aqua’s gone?
Living together with just Darkness and Megumin.
Even if I have the mansion and my fortune, Aqua will no longer laze around or cause trouble, nor will she barge in just as things are going well…
… Wait.
What was I so worried about? That doesn’t sound like such a bad life.
… No, no, no.
Aqua will definitely cry if she hears that.
Plus, it feels like life would be pretty boring without her around.
Sure, she won’t be creating problems for me every day, but it feels like I’ll have too much free time to know what to do with.
Still, what does Aqua think about this?
Actually, why the hell am I losing sleep over it in the first place?
This is getting on my nerves.
Yeah, there’s a clawing feeling around my chest…
“… … ”
I threw my blanket aside and got up.
It’s quite late, but I’ll go wake her up and interrogate her.
And properly lecture her while I’m at it.
I’ll explain to her exactly what the risks are in going to take down the Demon King, and how little we stand to gain from it.
I crept out of my room and moved down the corridor as quietly as I could.
They are most likely sleeping now, but I really don’t want to get caught by Megumin or Darkness and have them think that I’m trying to launch a night raid on Aqua.
Yeah, that kind of misunderstanding would haunt my name for the rest of my life.
Activating my Lurk skill, I started stealthing my way over to Aqua’s room.
But before I’ve taken more than a few steps.
I spotted Aqua gazing up at the night sky.
There’s a balcony on the second floor of the mansion, just above the entrance, and Aqua is currently sitting there.
There’s a very beautiful full moon out tonight.
Aqua was wearing her usual blue hagoromo and was seated hugging her knees against her chest.
I intended to wake her up and give her a stern talking to, but…
Aqua really does look like a goddess when she’s just sitting there, silently staring up at the sky.
Come to think of it, back when I first died, I instinctively knew that she was a goddess from the moment I laid my eyes on her.
She was really beautiful, I thought.
If only she acted like this every day…
As I watched her from afar, she suddenly seemed to have noticed my presence and turned to face me.
“… What are you doing over there? You couldn’t sleep?”
I walked out onto the balcony somewhat guilty.
I can’t possibly tell her that I got up to look for her, so what exactly should I say?
And I definitely can’t say I was taken in by her form as she was moonwatching.
If she heard that, it would definitely go to her head.
That’s why I said something that wasn’t remotely related to what I was thinking just now.
“… Well, I slept a little too much this afternoon… Anyway, what are you doing here? You’re going to end up feeding the mosquitoes, you know?”
“You really are as trashy as usual, aren’t you?”
Aqua listlessly said as she turned back towards the sky.
… …
“The only thing you have on your mind is food, so what are you doing out here moongazing? Is heaven on the moon? Are you guys like Princess Kaguya or something?”
“Of course not, I’m just looking at it because it’s pretty. You know, I’ve been wondering about this for quite some time, but what exactly do you think I am? Even I have times where I want to admire something beautiful, you know? What do you think? Isn’t a goddess looking up at the moon absolutely picturesque?”
It certainly is.
To be honest, seeing her like that got me thinking that, oh yeah, this girl really was a goddess.
Of course, I’m not going to say any of that to her.
“… Say, do you really want to go back to heaven so badly? You’ve been here for over a year now, right? You’ve gotten to know a lot of people, so don’t you ever think that it might be lonely not being able to see them again?”
“… … ”
Aqua simply stared silently at the moon.
Eventually, she turned her back on me and started monologuing.
“It’s only been just over a year, hasn’t it? It feels really strange. I’ve known the other gods and angels in heaven for far longer, but life on this world is, how do you put it, stormy and full of drama?”
The one who made our lives here so stormy and full of drama is you, though.
That line was on the tip of my tongue for a moment, but I bit it back.
Instead, I said…
“You’ve been in heaven for far longer? That means you really are an old—”
“If you say anything more, I’ll put a seal on your lower body such that it will never stand up straight again.”
For the first time in my life, I’m honestly afraid of Aqua.
Aqua continued with her monologue.
“In heaven, every day is the same. It doesn’t change the slightest from day to day. To be honest, it’s quite boring… Well, on the flip side, it does mean that I don’t end up with any unpleasant memories.”
Unpleasant memories.
Is she talking about what happened a few days ago when the adventurers suddenly turned against her?
“Ever since then, I’ve gotten several apologies from the adventurers. Though, as a goddess, I wasn’t really affect by those acts.”
You liar. Megumin told me you were pretty depressed for a while after that.
… Then, Aqua, looking up at the moon, muttered in a voice almost too soft to be audible.
“… I want to go home.”
Her face didn’t particularly look sad or lonely or anything.
It’s just that, her face looks like that of a lost child gazing forlornly at the place she used to call home.
Those words weren’t directed towards me.
It wasn’t a demand, nor was she whining. It was simply her expressing her desire, one held close to her heart.
I don’t know how long she lived in heaven.
I don’t know if she had any friends or acquaintances over there.
I don’t even know anything about her lifestyle in heaven.
Nothing at all.
… I was the one who forcibly dragged her here with me, so if she herself wants to go back, the duty of sending her back should really fall to me.
Also, I don’t really want to dwell too much about this, but it’s also kinda my fault that no new cheat users have been appearing for the past year.
But still, the Demon King…
… I should probably say something here.
“… Well, you know, I’ve been putting a little bit, just a little bit, of thought into how to take down the Demon King too… But just so you know, I’m not about to head off right now to take him down or anything, alright? For example, I could buy a large amount of explosive potions from Wiz and create a large amount of explosives with them. Then we could bury them around the Demon King’s castle like landmines and starve them out. Alternatively, I could have Yunyun register a teleport point right in front of the Demon King’s castle, and launch an explosion against it every day…”
“… Heheheh. You were so against this earlier, but you’ve finally started! See, I told you. Kazuma-san always finds a way to deal with it in the end… But, it’s fine. You were originally pretty weak to begin with, but if you take an attack from the Demon King at your level, it’s possible that there might not even be enough of your body left to perform a resurrection.”
T-This girl!
She always, always has to add an extra line.
I stepped onto the balcony and said towards Aqua’s back.
“The reason I’m weak is because I got you in place of a cheat. If I’m weak, that’s because you weren’t pulling your weight, so those words apply to you too. Do you understand, you useless goddess-sama?”
“Hey, I want to put a seal on you, so come a little closer, will you?”
“I’m sorry.”
If I spend anymore time around here, she might really just decide to put a seal on me.
I told Aqua that I should probably go back to sleep and started heading back to my room…
Aqua, clutching her knees close to her chest, called out to me without ever taking her eyes off the moon.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san.”
I stopped in my tracks.
“… What is it?”
“Satou Kazuma-san. Are you glad that you’ve come to this world? Have you ever regretted it?”
Aqua innocently asked.
Back when I was in Japan, I was an unrepentant hikikomori with nothing to look forward to.
It’s nothing compared to what I’ve achieved in this world. I have a fortune, I own a mansion, and above all, I have the affections of several beauties from this world.
I did briefly consider reincarnating back when I was killed by Serena, but, even if I’m not exactly thankful to Aqua, there’s no way I can have any regrets right now.
Even if this place is a harsh world filled with all kinds of nonsense.
“I don’t regret a thing. I’m glad to have come here.”
Aqua seemed genuinely relieved upon hearing those words and let out a soft “Oh?” along with a sigh.
Just like how I feel a little guilty over forcibly dragging her with me to this world, she might have been concerned in her own way about sending me over to this world.
“That’s good then… Good night. Don’t do anything strange back in your room just because you were captivated by my beauty in the moonlight, okay? You’ll get divine punishment if you do that.”
“That’s utterly impossible.”
I instantly replied.
Aqua seemed a little miffed at how quickly my answer came and started muttering “Maybe I really should put a little seal on him…” and other such dangerous stuff under her breath.
I hurriedly back to my room and collapsed onto my bed.
But, as I expected, my head was still too full of thoughts for me to sleep.
… The Demon King, huh…
Yeah, no matter how I look at it, it really is impossible.
If only there was a way for me to easily defeat him…
… No, no, there is a limit as to what I can do.
But, if I take some time to think about it, I should come up with a good plan or two…
Just then, I noticed something.
Why the hell am I seriously thinking about taking down the Demon King?
I closed my eyes to shake away such stupid thoughts and went back to sleep.
Just before sleep took me, a certain desire dreamily flashed through my mind.
I’ve never really wanted such a thing before now, but,
—I really want a cheat power that’d allow me to go toe to toe with the Demon King—
“Hey! Kazuma! Kazuma! Wake up! Wake up already!”
I woke up with a start.
Perhaps it’s because I fell asleep not too long ago, but I came to my senses very easily.
Darkness was violently shaking me while screaming my name…
… …
I closed my eyes once more, wrapped my arms around Darkness, and pulled her onto the bed with me.
“I can’t eat another bite…”
“H-Hey! You’re awake, aren’t you!? Aah, wa-wait!”
… I just wanted to play a little prank on Darkness, but feeling her slowly go limp in my arms brought a sudden halt to my thought processes.
“… What are you doing? … I just asked you to wake Kazuma up! Seriously, the moment I take my eyes off you, you’re back to seducing him! You really are a slut!”
“Ah, n-n-no, that’s not! I haven’t done—!”
Seems like Megumin is in the room too, so I opened my eyes.
And of course, the first thing that I saw was Darkness’s eyes.
“… Did you come to attack me again!?”
“Aah! Y-You little—!”
After separating myself from Darkness whose cheeks turned red under these false accusations, I stretched and said
“What’s the matter, you two? Why are you raising such a fuss so early in the morning?”
“It’s already noon! More importantly, this is really serious! Please read this!”
Rising up from my bed, I accepted the envelope that Megumin handed to me.
Inside it was a letter written with an extremely exquisite penmanship, and I wasted no time in reading it.
Source @CGTranslations.me
“Dear everyone,
The light breeze heralds the refreshing breeze of autumn. How is everyone doing?
Darkness, don’t go overboard with that game you play where you repeatedly stub your toe against the dresser.
Megumin, if you don’t reign in how often you use your Explosion, I’m certain your actions will eventually be counted as one of the factors contributing to the greenhouse effect.
Kazuma, I know that you’re a young man with a healthy libido, but please stop laying out everyone’s laundry on the floor and rolling through them.”
I crumpled the letter I was reading and threw it into the corner of the room.
“Ah!”
Megumin picked up the letter from the floor.
“I understand how you feel, but please read it all the way to the end.”
Well, I couldn’t exactly refuse her request, so I continued reading.
“Now then, the Demon King is currently spreading chaos and destruction throughout this world. Do you think that the beautiful and lovely goddess that I am could simply stand by and let the Demon King do as he wishes?
No, I cannot do that.
For the sake of my beloved Axis Cultists spread throughout the world.
To answer the wishes of the ten billion people who believe in me
I’m heading out on a journey to become a legend…”
I raised my head.
“… Are there really ten billion Axis Cultists in this world?”
“… There’d probably be about a few hundred at best.”
Hearing Darkness’s words, I let out a relieved sigh before continuing to read the letter.
“Thus, in order to turn this lofty ideal into reality…
I’ll be going out for a bit to take down the Demon King.”
I leapt off my bed.
“That idiot…!”
Towards the flustered me, Darkness started
“… Aqua has been saving up the allowance you’ve been giving her. She should’ve saved up quite a sum by now, so she might be trying to hire a few skilled adventurers right now…”
I rushed to grab my jacket.
If I don’t hurry up and chase after her…!
Source @CGTranslations.me
—Then, just as turned back towards the two, I noticed something off about their expressions.
I gave them a questioning look, and Megumin pointed towards a corner of the letter.
I’d probably miss it if I wasn’t paying attention, but right where her finger was pointing were a few words that seemed to be crossed out.
She probably wrote this but canceled it out because it sounded stupid or something.
I leaned in for a closer look.
“PS: Please come after me.”
… Wasn’t it supposed to be “Please don’t come after me”?
—That idiot!
First of all, thank you for picking up this book.
This is the volume where the protagonist, Satou Kazuma, launches a counterattack.
Normally, he’s the kind of person who avoids picking fights, and relies upon his friends to bail him out when he does get into a brawl.
However, looking upon Aqua’s sorrowful form, he challenges the general on his own, and continues struggling even when facing the enemy’s mind control…
I don’t think that there are that many people who start reading from the afterword, but if you want a summary, that’s pretty much the gist of it.
Anyway, I was only able to get this book published thanks to: The illustrator Mishima Kurone-sensei, manager I-san, Design-san and Proofreader-san, many people from the editorial department and various people involved, and, of course, all of my readers who have been cheering me on.
That’s why I always do this in every volume…
My deepest thanks to everyone who worked on this project, and to each and every one of my readers!
{And that’s the end of volume 15. Things are finally heading into end game, and I suppose there’s no better time for it given that Natsume’s other projects are picking up (A plug in for Jaytranslations and his combatants TL) and the past seven volumes having almost entirely LN original content. It’s been a long time coming, and I won’t be surprised if Konosuba ends within the next two or three volumes. Still, Natsume has surprised us before, so, who knows. Whichever direction Natsume intends to take this, I’ll be right here to TL them right into your eyeballs, so look forward to it.
As usual, I’ll be taking a short break to deal with settling the affairs of my next work, which would be the fourth Dust spinoff.Hopefully, it will be a three week break, but I can’t make any promises this time because my time over the new years have kept me too busy to keep up. Still, I hope to be back by March at the very latest, so see you then!
And of course, the short stories that came with this volume will be going up weekly over the next three weeks, so stay tuned. }
I was at a fully booked out high-end restuarant, wearing an unfamilar tuxedo, and staring at the myriad of dishes laid out before me.
In this kind of setting, the table etiquette I should use is…
“I’m supposed to use the utensils starting from the furthermost ones, right?”
“Kazuma, how many years has it been since you heard about that? Nobles are extremely sensitive to changes in trends. Right now, you should start with the innermost ones.”
Darkness, seated opposite me, said in an astonished tone.
Seriously? The etiquette is different in this world too?
Still, Darkness did start from the innermost utensils.
She’s a noble lady, so I’m sure she knows what she’s doing.
“I see. It’s a different country with its own culture, so it’s only natural for table etiquette to be different too. But I know about this one. This is called the finger-bowl, right? It’s meant for washing your fingertips.”
Saying that, I dipped my fingers into the bowl of water placed next to the table.
“That’s meant for washing your face. This is a restaurant directed towards serving nobles, you know? Both parties wash their faces with it before eating. It’s meant to signify that neither party has any ulterior motives as they dine with each other without wearing any sort of makeup.”
“… You’re kidding, right? I mean, there’s no towel, so wouldn’t your face be left dripping?”
“What do you think that napkin is for? Why did you put it on your lap in the first place?”
Seriously? Isn’t this used to keep any food stains away from your clothes?
“Today’s just practice, so it’s fine, but make sure you properly memorize the etiquette for tomorrow. Otherwise you’d embarrass me. Right, so first, let’s start with the soup…”
Seeing me caught off balance, Darkness began with a smile—
—A lady from some noble house requested to meet with me.
Right now, I am a celebrity famous enough to appear in the papers.
Just like how Iris wanted to meet with me in the past, a similar request seemed to have ended up on Darkness’s table.
Yes, a proper ojou-sama.
“A noble lady, huh… I’m sure she’s a girl who couldn’t lift anything heavier than a pair of chopsticks, fawns all over a small animal the moment she lays her eyes on one, and speaks to the flowers in the gardens…”
“Anyone who fits that description perfectly would be a very strange person. Just what do you think noble ladies are? The nobles might appear gentle on the surface, but each and every one of them have hearts as black as coal.”
Darkness, who is incidentally also one of those noble ladies, said with a sigh.
“Cut it out! This is a dinner that might restore the image of noble ladies in my mind after you have brought them so low. At least let me get excited about it before we meet.”
“Why don’t you explain to me exactly why your image of noble ladies have been brought down by me?”
Darkness gave me a glare, and I avoided her gaze.
“Noble lady sure does have a nice ring to it. Haa… All the nobles I’ve met with so far have all been full of weird quirks, so I shouldn’t get my hopes up, but it’d be nice if it was a gentle ojou-sama…”
I wistfully voiced my hopes about the noble lady, and Darkness bit on her lip as though she wanted to say something.
Eventually, she spoke up.
“… Say, Kazuma, it’s fine to look forward to it and all, but do you know the etiquette for dealing with nobles? Nobles are very sensitive to trends, you know? Are you familiar with the latest ones?”
—And thus, Darkness offered to coach me. And the next day…
“So you are Satou-sama, yes? I’ve heard many great things about you… I’m glad to finally meet you in person. I hope we can have an enjoyable conversation today.”
“I’m honoured to be in your presence. If you wish, I’d be happy to converse with you.”
After visiting that high-end restaurant yesterday, I greeted the noble lady under the watch of Darkness.
“Now, pardon me—”
“Eh?”
When I washed my face in the finger-bowl-like item, the noble lady let out a soft gasp.
As I wiped my face with my napkin, I noticed that the patrons around us started staring at me.
“… A-As expected of an adventurer, you sure are quite wild… Ah, the soup is here. The soup of this restaurant is very rich…”
I grabbed the bowl containing the soup in both hands and noisily downed the entire bowl in a single shot.
I thought it was a little weird at first, but Darkness said that making noise while consuming it meant that it’s delicious.
There are similar customs back on Earth too, so I suppose it’s not unthinkable for it to be the case here.
… Just then, I noticed something was off.
The lady facing me was blushing bright red and trembling with embarrassment.
And next to her, Darkness was blushing too and shivering…
“You lied to me, didn’t you! Don’t you dare laugh!”
—After getting chased out of the restaurant, I gave Darkness an earful on the way back home.
“Do you have any idea how much I was looking forward to this? She’s a noble lady, you know? A proper Ojou-sama! How could you ruin it…!”
“Yes, yes, I’m sorry. Still, you should be a little thankful to me. That lady really does have an ulterior motive. Her family enjoys opulence and spends gold like water, and is rumoured to be on the verge of bankruptcy. Just as those rumours started to spread, she suddenly wanted to meet with you. Still… Pfft.”
She’s been constantly breaking out into giggling fits ever since we left the restaurant.
“How long are you going to laugh!? I know that girl was only getting close to me because of my fortune, but you still shouldn’t have have toyed with me like that! I even missed out on eating that restaurant’s dishes…”
“Pfft… Sorry, but her family does have quite a bit of pull. I couldn’t refuse her request without a good reason. I’ll buy some high-quality ingredients and cook you a meal once we get back as an apology.”
… High-quality ingredients, huh…
No, no, I’m not so easily swayed…
“And afterwards… Well, we can have a meal together. I’m a noble lady too, you know? Can you forgive me with that?”
Darkness said with a bright smile—
As I turned my sword around in my hand, I mumbled to myself.
“… I really want a magic sword.”
Yes, a magic sword.
Even though I’ve taken down more than a few Demon King’s Generals, my equipment was still pretty crappy.
If it was a game, I would’ve gotten my hands on the rare equipment that they were using or found some amazing item hidden away in their stronghold by now, but that hasn’t happened at all.
… Just then, Megumin suddenly looked up from her book titled “How to Prepare Beef and Potato Stew for Dummies” and said.
“Isn’t your Chunchunmaru a pretty rare sword already? What part of it is unsatisfactory?”
“There’s the name, for one.”
Indeed, this sword was forged with the vague ideas of Japanese sword forging techniques that I gleaned from documentaries and the like.
Of course, it’s not as well made as a proper katana, and it has a very painful-sounding name engraved into the blade.
“It’s a little boastful for me to be saying this, but there aren’t that many swords that have such a cool name, you know? I’ve said this before, but your naming sense is really strange.”
“I never dreamed that there’d come the day where you’d be criticizing my naming sense…”
Just where does this girl get her confidence from?
“Still, a magic sword, huh? I do understand why you might want something like that. It’d be hard to take down the Demon King without a powerful magic weapon, after all.”
“I’m not doing this for such a grand purpose, so stop it.”
Still, even though I’m not going after the Demon King, there are quite a few monsters that can’t be harmed without a magic weapon in this world.
I am a pretty famous adventurer by this point, after all.
Maybe it’s about time I get my hands on a magic weapon or two.
“… Oh, very well. Let’s go get a magic sword, then.”
Megumin said in the same tone of voice one would use to say ‘I’m off to pick up some milk.’
—Not long after, we arrived at the adventurer’s guild.
“See, there’s a magic sword.”
“I want to say it’s been some time, but what’s going on now?”
Standing in front of us was the Magic Sword Guy.
“Say, Megumin, if I take away the magic sword from the Magic Sword Guy, wouldn’t he just become a regular guy?”
“True, that magic sword really is that guy’s only unique point…”
“Hey, wait, even I do have plenty of other memorable traits! And would you please call me by name!?”
The Magic Sword Guy started raising a fuss for some reason.
“You’ll bother the other people if you shout like that, Magic Sword Guy. Anyway, Kazuma here wants a magic sword. If I recall, you have a powerful sword called Gram, right?”
“Why is it that you can remember my sword’s name but not mine!?”
The Magic Sword Guy still seemed just as agitated.
Still, something just came to mind.
“Megumin, Gram is a magic sword that only he can make use of. I don’t think I’d be able to make proper use of it.”
“Is that so? I really think it’s a waste for the Magic Sword Guy to have such a powerful weapon when he can’t even manage to take down a single Demon King’s General…”
The magic sword that the Magic Sword Guy has is a divine treasure that is linked only to him.
“A-A waste… Hey, wait, even I managed to take down a few high bounty targets.”
“… Well, it can’t be helped in that case. Let’s head over to our next stop, then.”
“Listen to me!”
—And the next stop that Megumin was talking about is…
“Welcome, dear customers who are looking for a magic sword. Moi stocks various magic weapons in this store, so feel free to pick one you like.”
“Ah, yeah, if you want a magic sword, a magic item store is of course a good place to stop at.”
A very jovial Vanir welcomed us as we stepped foot inside Wiz’s magic item shop.
“Kazuma, look at this. From what I can tell, this is a very powerful magic item! Moreover, this thing feels really compatible with me!”
“Hou? As expected of a Crimson Demon, your eye when it comes to magic items is sharp indeed. That’s a rare magic sword that will explode when you pour mana into it.”
“I’m not buying that.”
Judging from my past experiences, Vanir will definitely try to pawn off something useless onto me, so to head that off, I took out a small but heavy bag filled with coins.
“Use your powers to help me find a magic sword that I can use and isn’t trash.”
“Leave it to me, dear customer! Fuhahahahaha! Behold, my powers of foresight…!”
After receiving the bag, Vanir’s eyes started glowing…
“… … Brat, magic swords tend to choose their own wielders…”
“Don’t say anything more! You’re just going to say that there isn’t a magic sword that I can use, right!?”
Great, this again! The limitations of me having the weakest job rears its head yet again!
But Vanir shook his head and handed a small knife case from the shelves over to me.
“Isn’t this a cooking knife?”
Inside the case is a fish filleting knife.
“This is the magic item, ‘Fish Slayer’. It’s is enchanted to be more damaging against aquatic creatures. Moi heartily recommends this item.”
“You bastard, are you telling to pick a fight with a strong enemy armed with a cooking knife!? I’m not going into battle with a cooking knife! … But it looks quite cool, so I’ll buy it anyway!”
—And thus, my kitchen was equipped with a magic sword.
“Kazuma, Kazuma, we’ve known each other for quite some time, haven’t we?”
Aqua, playing with Chomusuke in the yard, happily said to me as she approached me.
“… So, who do you need to apologize to this time?”
“Wait a minute, why do you immediately think I’ve done something wrong?”
Isn’t that obvious?
“The only reasons why you would call me by my name like this is because you got into some kind of trouble, are completely bored, or want some more pocket money from me.”
“Tsk, I don’t like this, but I can’t find a way to retort… But just listen to me this time. You’ll definitely be overjoyed to the point where you’ll willingly give me more pocket money.”
… …
“Didn’t I already give you some yesterday?”
“It’s already all gone. I don’t get it. My purse was full yesterday morning, but it’s now completely empty after I spent a night out drinking.”
I turned towards Chomusuke and started dangling a cattail in front of her.
“It’s over here! Over here! What you swiped at just now was just an afterimage… Oh, to think you saw through my feint. You’re quite something indeed…”
“Kazuma, please listen to me! I’m begging you! The guy at the store was selling something really amazing today! I could tell at a glance! You’ll definitely be happy with it too!”
—Aqua wouldn’t stop whining after that, so I had no choice but to go give it a look.
“Just what kind of amazing item is it? I’ve come across plenty of amazing stuff since I’ve come to this place, so I’m pretty much used to such things by this point.”
“Fufu, seems like you’ve slowly gotten to know the world of art. Why don’t you stop becoming a useless adventurer and start working towards becoming an art connoisseur from now on?”
“Just who exactly are you calling useless?”
Just as I got into a quarrel with Aqua, I noticed something strange about the town.
Everyone walking down the streets seemed to be in a cheery mood, and cheerful music could be heard throughout the town.
“Is there some sort of special occasion today?”
“This is why NEETs are hopeless. There’s a holiday today. Everyone in town is throwing a festival, that’s why it’s so rowdy. See, look at how cheerful everyone is.”
So there are holidays in this world too?
“So, what holiday is it?”
“I think it is the birthday of the princess of this country.”
Ah.
“Hey, isn’t that Iris? This is bad, I haven’t prepared a birthday gift for her!”
I immediately started to panic, but Aqua merely said.
“What are you saying? Just where do you think we are heading to right now, Kazuma?”
The place we are heading to right now…
“That shop that sells that really amazing item! Aqua, you aren’t totally useless after all!”
“Hey, hold on, haven’t I been really useful as of late!?”
—The place Aqua let me to is…
“… What exactly is this?”
“It’s just as you see, Kazuma. This is a store that sells rocks. These rocks have been gathered from the four corners of the world by the storekeeper.”
No matter how you looked at it, this is definitely a fraud.
“Did you get conned again!? These rocks all look like they were picked up from the local riverbed!”
“It’s only expected for someone with no eye for art like you to say such things, but you’re just asking to get chewed out if you continue. Say, storekeep, why don’t you show this man just how amazing this rock is?”
The man who was manning the store glanced at me and picked up a pebble.
“This is why amateurs are… Take a good look at this rock from this angle.”
When I did as he asked, the pebble seemed somewhat familiar somehow…
“Winter Shogun? Hey, isn’t this the Winter Shogun?”
“Yes, indeed. Isn’t it amazing? To think that a naturally weathered stone could form such an image…”
Seriously? You’re saying that this rock was found in such a shape…
“… No, no, wait, wait, it’s amazing and all, but what use could I have for such an item? In the first place, I’m here to pick up a present for Iris—”
“What are you saying? A girl brimming with curiosity like her would be sure to be amazed with such a gift. She would’ve gotten tired of receiving precious jewels and ornate treasures by now.”
Well, it does make a certain amount of sense, and I get the feeling that Iris would be very happy to have such a gift…
“Excuse me, I’d like to buy this pebble.”
“Sure thing. That’d be eight thousand eris.”
It’s just a rock, how could you sell it for that much? Those words were on the tip of my tongue, but I kept them in my heart as I reached for my wallet…
“Hey, wait a minute, I wanted that pebble.”
Just then, Aqua interrupted.
“Aren’t you broke? Besides, rather than something expensive, Iris would probably be happier with some oddity or a handcrafted piece of art. Even if it’s cheap, as long as it comes from the heart, she’d surely be happy with it, so—”
“I was the one who saw it first! Please, Kazuma, I can let you have the Winter Shogun, but please at least buy this piece for me!”
“That’d be twenty thousand eris.”
Are you kidding me?
“Please, I really like this piece! I’ll take good care of it! See, from this angle, it looks a little like Chomusuke.”
“Seriously… Oh, fine, I’ll buy it for you.”
She did help me pick a gift for Iris today, so I guess I can indulge her just this once.
“Thank you, Kazuma!”
Seeing Aqua happily cradle the piece of rock to her chest, I thought to myself, well, I suppose this isn’t too bad…
“I’ll probably forget about this in an hour, so I wanted to thank you before I forget.”
“Give that rock back to me, I’m going to go get a refund.”
And thus, I spent the rest of the morning chasing after Aqua.
Thanks to Mike, Ulti, Kasen and Kaçakç for doing the image work.
–Dungeon, First floor–
“Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Begone, little goblins! Do you want to become the experience points of our customer so badly!? Unfortunately, we have no interest in small fry like you! Now, open a path!”
A Duke of Hell, former General of the Demon King’s Army, and a greater devil in his own right, Vanir.
Normally such a being would be some kind of last boss or something, but right now he’s our vanguard and scattering the goblins before him.
I want to say he is dressed in a manner befitting that of a great duke of hell…
But no, he’s wearing sandals, a pair of loose shorts and a half open shirt, like he’s ready to hit the beach.
Taking on a dungeon while wearing such an outfit strikes me as a little crazy, but I’ve long since stopped worrying about every little one of this devil’s peculiarities.
“I never thought there’d come a day where I could go on an adventure with Kazuma-san and Vanir-san like this! Today, I’m not the same old shopkeeper who always gets lectured by Vanir-san; I’ll show you the power of the famous great mage that I was known as!”
Wiz happily said as she brought up the rear.
Right now, I’m invading the dungeon bracketed by Wiz and Vanir.
Wiz feels particularly reliable today, unlike the usual inept air that she emits when she was working as a shopkeeper.
But, well…
“Leaving Vanir aside, well… Is it really okay not to bring any weapons or armour, Wiz?”
Wiz, wearing the same frock that she wears in the store, gives me the same feeling that seeing Vanir in his beachwear does.
A man in beachwear and a large sack on his back, a woman wearing a simple frock, and then there’s me, the only one here bearing proper equipment.
I wonder exactly what kind of group we must look like to anyone else.
“It’s fine! Liches can only be damaged by magical weapons, monsters that have a lot of arcana within them, or high level magic! I am the King of Undead, after all. You know, this is the first place where I met Vanir-san. I’m going to give it my all!”
I let go of a little bit of my unease after hearing Wiz’s confident answer.
But well…
I’m starting to regret asking these two for help.
–Dungeon, Fifth floor–
“Perfect! Perfect! Today, Moi is in perfect condition! Fuhahahaha! A mere ogre dares to stand in my way!? How impudent! There’s no need to use magic, allow Moi to rend it limb from limb with my bare hands!”
“You’re in a good mood today, Vanir-san! But, unless you let Kazuma deal the last blow, the experience points…”
Vanir is squaring off against an ogre that’s at least three meters tall, while Wiz moved towards the other ogres that were following it…
Some of the ogres that were touched by Wiz fell to the floor, foaming at the mouth, while others lost consciousness and collapsed where they stood.
They are most likely affected by the Curse and Sleep status effects.
And my job is to deal the finishing blow to the ogres who have been immobilized.
I want to say that this is no sweat at all, but I’m not so cold-hearted that I could easily kill creatures that couldn’t fight back without even a hint of guilt.
Still, those two really are former Demon King’s generals.
Between the two of them, they took care of the horde of ogres with the same air as a regular person mowing a lawn.
As an aside, this dungeon really does live up to its name.
It’s said to be the deepest and largest dungeon in the world, and the size of its corridors is easily wide enough to allow a dragon to pass through without trouble.
It’s been a few hours since Wiz brought us here with her Teleport.
My level easily went past ten and is almost closing onto twenty now.
“This ogre will probably… Yes, I’ve reached level twenty! Thanks to you two, my levels have been rising really rapidly.”
After driving my sword into the ogre that Vanir wrestled into submission, I reported my current level to the others.
I removed my sword from the ogre’s body and clasped my hands over its remains.
To be honest, the fact that this feels so much like grinding in a video game disturbs me a little.
Especially when I’m killing humanoid monsters that seem capable of intelligence.
But I need to do this in order to become strong. Sorry.
Vanir seems slightly taken aback for once.
“Hmm, your level is already this high… Moi always knew you didn’t have much talent as an adventurer, but to think that it’s to such a degree… But, well, one supposes you can think of it as having a talent for gaining levels quickly… ”
“You are the absolute worst person to receive such words from. At least poke fun at me like you usually do…”
Just then, Wiz hesitantly extended a hand to me.
“R-Right then, let’s be on our way… Vanir-san, this is fine, right?”
“Indeed, there is no problem. The sight of my healthy customer is visible to me.”
“Stop referring to me as your customer, just address me normally. Now, then, please!”
After Wiz successfully reduced my level to one, I let out a breath.
“… So it really went off successfully. You are truly fortunate.”
“Eh?” x2
At Vanir’s words, Wiz and I suddenly stiffened.
What did he just say? Don’t tell me he didn’t actually see the future…!
“Fuhahaha! Did that worry you? Worry not! Until you take those items off my hands, you need not worry for your safety… Oho, yes, these are some wonderful dark emotions indeed!”
Oh, yeah, this is the kind of person he is.
–Dungeon, Tenth floor–
“S-Say, Vanir… how deep are we right now? We’ve walked quite some distance by now, haven’t we? I have absolutely no idea how much time has passed. I didn’t get the chance to bring any snacks with me before I came here.”
Vanir is a devil that can see through all, Wiz is an undead Lich, and I can see in the dark.
None of us need light to see, so we proceeded on without any light sources, but I’m starting to get a little anxious due to not knowing our end goal.
I don’t have an accurate sense of time, but I’d say we’ve spent at least a few hours in this place.
“From what my all seeing eyes tell me, the twentieth floor is the lowest floor in this place. As for time, about half a day has passed. Don’t worry about food, Moi has made adequate preparations, so there’s no need to worry.”
Vanir patted the sack that he had on his back.
“… Normally, any spelunkers would explore this dungeon slowly and cautiously, taking several months to reach the bottom. The only reason we made it this far in such a short time is because of me using my powers of foresight to identify the traps and the right paths to take. If you understand that, then it would behoove you to buy a few more items than just what you originally wanted… Still, this dungeon has a pretty nice feel to it. Moi could very much imagine taking this dungeon for myself after dealing with the boss.”
“W-We can’t do that, Vanir-san! I’ll make your dungeon for you! I’ll be in real trouble if you stopped helping out with my shop now!”
Vanir and Wiz proceeded down the dungeons without the slightest bit of fear at all.
Hearing the sound Vanir’s sandals made, it’s easy to forget what a dangerous place this dungeon is supposed to be.
“… Say, just what is up with the clothes you’re wearing? I originally decided not to ask about it, but it really does bother me…”
“Hmm? Oh, these clothes? They were given to me by the widower madam that lives next door. She saw me cleaning gutters in my suit, so she gave it to me to try as it is easier to move in. What do you think? Does it suit me?”
Vanir posed and showed off his clothes before me.
It looks like the kind of clothes a middle aged man might wear to the convenience store, but thanks to that mask…
“In this place, it makes you look like some kind of rare monster.”
“Hmm, so this makes me seem like a rare monster, huh? Moi needs to render my thanks to that madam when we next meet.”
It seems like being called a rare monster is a compliment amongst devils.
“… Vanir-san seems to be more interested in the neighbours than me… even though I’ve been with him for far longer…”
As Wiz started pouting, I heard a roar come from ahead of us.
Judging from the strong prickling that my Enemy Detection skill is giving me, this seems like a strong monster indeed.
“Ho, to think that there would even be a Cerberus here! This creature’s fur remains warm in any circumstances, so it’s highly sought after in the winter! Wiz, don’t let it go! If we successfully take it down, Moi shall let you eat meat for a week!”
“I’m sorry, but I like to enjoy the taste of protein from time to time too! I really like dogs, but I’m really sorry… Aah! Don’t run away!”
–Dungeon, Thirteenth floor–
“Rooooaaaaar!”
“Fuhahaha, what an impudent lizard! Let’s demonstrate once and for all just which is stronger, a dragon or a devil! … H-Hey, Wiz, isn’t it done yet!? This guy is preparing to use its breath weapon! Moi is holding it down, but my body is starting to become charcoal!”
“B-But, Vanir-san, it might be a lesser subspecies, but it’s still a dragon! Dragons have high amounts of arcana within them, so it’ll hurt if it bites me!”
“Wiz, now is not the time to be saying such things! Vanir is getting eaten!”
A dragon in the flesh.
Wiz said it was a lesser subspecies, but it’s still larger than a storeroom and seems like it could eat a cow in a single bite…!
“Argh, it ate one of my arms! Moi cannot gather replacement materials for my body in this dungeon, so if it keeps breaking pieces off of me, Moi shall vanish altogether! Grah, this leaves me no choice! Dragon scales go for a lot of money and are worth a lot of experience points, but, Wiz! Forget it, take care of it with magic!”
“Understood! Stand back, Cursed Lightning!!”
Even though Vanir has lost an arm, he was still wrestling with the dragon when Wiz unleashed a bolt of lightning at it.
The bolt of lightning lit the pitch black dungeon up and blew a blackened hole through the dragon, showering the surroundings with bright blue sparks.
When the sparks died down and darkness returned to the dungeon once more, the dragon, which had a hole blown straight through its belly, fell to the ground with a heavy thud.
As expected of a lich, taking out a dragon with a single blow.
“Amazing… so a lich is stronger than dragon or devil.”
“!?”
“Fufu, I’m not called the King of Undead for nothing… W-What are you doing, Vanir-san? S-Stop, don’t bring your severed stump any closer…!”
Vanir, perhaps irked by how the dragon he had a hard time against got easily taken out by Wiz, started teasing her.
As for me, being suddenly released from the pressure of being in the presence of such a strong opponent made me collapse to the ground in relief.
“Still, my level is almost twenty five. It feels like I gain a level for every battle we fight… The speed at which I gain levels is as amazing as ever, but I think I’m starting to approach my limit. Plus, Vanir is starting to struggle too, so maybe we should call it here…?”
My level quickly shot up to twenty five after I’ve been drained not too long ago.
It almost makes me wonder what exactly I spent the last year and a half doing.
The monsters we’ve encountered on this floor are all monsters that would’ve wiped us out if I ran into them with just my party.
How long has it been since I entered this dungeon?
Vanir said that half a day has passed back then, so it’s probably close to midnight right now.
“What are you saying!? The only reason Moi is struggling is because Moi is trying my best to restrain the monsters without killing them. If it is just getting rid of them, Moi can easily get down to the bottom floor in an instant!”
Vanir, who was waving his stump around in Wiz’s face, snapped towards me.
Actually just seeing it from the side is making my stomach churn, so hurry and patch it up already.
“But just as Kazuma-san said, we are going to have a hard time pressing on like this… In this case, I shouldn’t hold back. Cursed Necromancy!”
Wiz confidently walked up to the corpse and cast a spell on it.
… You know, I think I’ve really been underestimating what a Lich powerful enough to become a Demon King’s general is capable of.
She might be running a store in the town of beginners, she might be wearing the same frock that she wears in the shop, but…
“Alright, let’s turn a few more dragon-class monsters into my undead minions… A chance like this doesn’t come by very often, so let’s go all the way to the bottom floor today.”
She patted the neck of the undead dragon like she was taking a dog on a walk while saying that.
She seems to be saying to the dragon that she’ll release it after we reach the bottom floor in a very apologetic way.
“… Wiz, you really are an amazing mage.”
“D-Do you really think so!? N-No, I still have a long way to go… C-Come now, let’s carry on!”
Wiz blushed and got all flustered after hearing my words, but…
“Sorry, can we take a little break? I’m getting a little worn out. I know we came all the way down here, but the tension got released the moment I sat down, and the fatigue is…”
Seeing me sitting on the ground, Vanir sat down next to me and started pulling out various items from his rucksack.
I thought he brought that along to carry the various spoils that we came across in this dungeon, but apparently it was stuffed with various magic items, potions, and other daily necessities.
“Now, then, brat, Moi has prepared various items such as food, fatigue relieving potions, water and medicine, items that can instantly create a barrier, amongst other things.”
As expected of a devil with the gift of foresight, how considerate.
“Today is the special dungeon sale! All products are available for a fivefold price increase! Now, feel free to peruse, dear customer!”
As expected of a devil with the gift of foresight, choosing such the perfect time to hawk his wares.
… What a ruthless guy.
— Just how did things end up this way?
“Dammit, it’s already caught up to us! Stella! Stella! Are you sure there aren’t any more scrolls containing Flash!? If we can blind it just once more…!”
“There aren’t any left! We used the last one just now!”
Hearing Gil’s screamed question, I responded with the same despair-tinged scream of my own.
“We just managed to get the treasure! Are things really going to end right here!?”
Gain, bringing up the rear, mournfully wailed while carrying the bag filled with treasure over his shoulder.
Even though tears are starting to cloud my vision, I didn’t spare even a moment to wipe it off.
The only light that barely managed to illuminate our path came from a small lantern.
As we ran, I couldn’t help but regret my actions over the past few minutes.
We aren’t prepared for the thirteenth floor.
It took us over half a year to make it down to the twelfth floor, carefully probing for traps and meticulously observing the weakness and abilities of each monster we came across.
After stepping on the twelfth floor, we discovered all the monsters there could be easily taken care of, and that made us let our guard down.
We took so much care on the journey down, but just one misstep and…
Nobody has fully conquered this dungeon before, and common wisdom dictates that one should be at least three times the level of the current floor before exploring it.
Right now we are at the thirteen floor, so by right, we should at least be level thirty nine before stepping foot here.
The average level of our party is just barely below that number.
I could feel the presence of the monster that was chasing us in the darkness behind me.
“I don’t want to die… I don’t want to die!”
My younger sister was sniffing between sobs as she ran behind me.
We are not far from the stairway that led to the twelfth floor.
If we manage to make it up there, the monster that’s chasing us shouldn’t follow.
The monsters that inhabit this dungeon aren’t like the monsters that naturally spring up on the surface.
Most of the monsters here have been summoned by someone or something. They are only able to function by absorbing arcana that’s directed through the dungeon by the summoner.
Unlike monsters that exist on the surface, the monsters in this dungeon cannot exist without consuming arcana.
Arcana is said to be the air of hell, just like how mana resides in the air on the surface, but, in any case, all the arcana that exist in this dungeon originates from the owner’s room at the bottom floor.
Naturally, the deeper you get, the closer you get to the owner’s room, the thicker the concentration of arcana.
Stronger monsters require greater amounts of arcana to function. Conversely, weaker monsters can exist in places with less and less arcana.
That’s why…
“The stairway to the twelfth floor is just ahead! This monster might be persistent, but it wouldn’t chase us up to where there isn’t as much arcana in the air! We’ll be safe as long as we can get up there!”
Gil said that, almost as if he was trying to convince himself.
When the monster first ambushed us, the item that we used to create a barrier, a most essential item when dungeon delving, got destroyed.
Not only that, but we also lost the bag in which we kept our food and supplies.
In other words, we can no longer take a rest in this dungeon.
There’d be no way to replenish our mana.
Even if we are able to escape from it, the chances of us making it back to the surface will be extremely low.
Even so, it’s still a better prospect than being killed by that horrible monster.
As long as we can make it to a higher level, that monster will surely give up the chase…
“Waaah!”
Gain’s scream brought me back to reality.
Looking back, it seems that Gain has scattered the various pieces of treasure he was carrying on his back.
I wanted to yell at him, but now is not the time for that.
That thing in the darkness managed to grab onto Gain’s back.
Knowing that Gain wouldn’t be able to get away, all of us stopped running and turned around.
I could hear the sound of something getting dragged along the floor coming from the dark.
Despite being a crawling creature of the depths, this monster is surprisingly fast.
Just as it seems like it would step into the range of our lantern…
“So it finally decided to show itself. No choice, Stella! Prepare your magic! We’ll give it one good blast to startle it, and during that time…”
Just as Gil said that, another sound came from the other direction.
This time it’s the slow pitter-pat of footsteps.
Upon hearing that sound, Gil swallowed his words and gave me a look of despair, and so did the other two.
Oh gods…
Please make it such that the monster coming for us doesn’t like to toy with its prey…!
“Welcome to Wiz’s magic item shop, deep dungeon branch!”
… …
“Eh?” x4
Such completely unexpected words, such completely out of place words, brought the four of us to a halt.
The thing that appeared in front of us was a masked man.
… How do I put it. The clothes he is wearing makes people want to question exactly what kind of prank is he pulling.
Visible in the light of the lantern was a white shirt, a pair of loose shorts, and sandals.
It’s the same kind of clothes a middle aged man might wear to the market…
“It must be fate for us to meet right here! Now then, I have plenty of goods that would be useful in a dungeon… Oh?”
The masked man seemed like he was about to put down the bag he was carrying over his shoulder, before he suddenly raised a note of surprise.
Watching him reminded me of the creature that was chasing us.
“You should run too! That thing… that thing caught up to us–!”
“Isn’t that a hell neroid!? What’s a hell neroid doing out here!? Here boy, over here. Come on.”
… Hell neroid?
The masked man interrupted my warning and referred to the thing that chased us as a Hell Neroid before casually approaching it.
The indescribable creature that was chasing us regarded the masked man and his outstretched hand, and, like a housecat leaning into a headpat, leaned in…
Glup.
“Kyaaaaaa! Your hand! Your hand is…!”
“Now now, don’t bite on my hand. That isn’t something you can eat. Now, hurry up and spit it back out! Come on, get on with it… Vanir style Destruction Ray!”
As the masked man with one hand chomped off said that, a harsh light came out from his right arm.
When the light touched the hell neroid, it exploded into a flurry of goop.
The masked man took out the monster that gave us so much trouble in an instant.
Then, he stuck his stump to the remains of the hell neroid, from which a new arm sprouted back out of, almost as if time itself was being reversed.
Seeing that unbelievable sight and his strength, one can tell at a glance that he isn’t human.
However…
“What an uncivilized neroid. This must be a stray. Still, why would a domesticated creature that’s found only in hell show up in such a place… ? Could the arcana here be so strong that it inadvertently opened a connection to hell?”
Saying that, the masked man placed a hand upon his chin.
At the very least, this person that’s definitely not a human did save our lives.
Then, at the very least, I should offer him thanks on behalf of the other three who’ve been standing in stock disbelief.
However, the masked man put down his bag and opened it before I could get a word out.
“Well, there’s no need to concern myself too much with a single strange neroid. Now then, dear customers, Moi has plenty of items that are essential in the dungeon! The prices are set at the standard dungeon price, but please, feel free to browse.”
As he said that, he spread out the contents of his bag on the floor.
“Barrier stones! He has disposable barrier stones! Pardon me, please sell these to me! Just how much is the dungeon price!?”
“He has medicine and potions too…! W-We’re saved… ! The stairs to the second floor is just around the corner too! With these, we’ll be able to make it back to the surface!”
“There’s even food available! All our food got eaten by that guy earlier… ! We’re saved! We’re saved!”
My companions snapped up the items that the masked man brought out one by one.
Just what is this man?
“Thank you very much! Fuhaha! Business has been roaring from the moment the store is opened! Perhaps Moi should consider doing this on a regular basis!”
… Just what is this man?
He’s smiling and laughing as his stocks fly off the shelves.
This man appeared out of nowhere with just the right items to save us from our predicament.
It’s almost like…
“… God…”
“Even if you are my customers, it’s terribly rude to compare me to a god.”
“Ah! S-Sorry!”
He got angry the moment I mentioned god.
He must be a devout person to get so angry over being compared to a god.
“To think that Moi would actually end up clearing my stock. Thank you very much, dear customers.”
“No, t-that’s our line…! If you hadn’t shown up, we would have been doomed. These items really are exactly what we needed! I’m really grateful!”
As the masked man happily packed up after cleaning out his stock, Gil hastily offered his thanks.
“No, no, seeing my customer’s safe is the most important thing. Now then, thank you for your business! Please come again!”
Saying that, without even a torch in hand, the masked man walked off into the darkness, leaving only the slowly fading pitter pat of his footsteps.
The four of us stood in silence for a while after he left, until eventually, one of us spoke up.
“Just who was that person…?”
That person left without giving us his name,
Could he be some kind of dungeon fairy?
No, to me, there’s only one kind of being that person could be…
“Oh, god whose name I do not know, I give you thanks from the bottom of my heart…”
“Why would that rare monster want to take a walk in this dungeon anyway? I’ve already eaten, so I’d really want to get going now.”
“Vanir-san wearing that weird outfit really does give off a feeling of a rare monster, doesn’t he? He seems to have taken a liking to that outfit for some reason… I only hope he doesn’t get attacked by some adventurer…”
Vanir wandered off somewhere as I was taking my meal break.
I’m currently behind a barrier that though being simple to put up seems fairly effective, so I can recover in peace.
But even so, I can’t quite relax while I’m in the middle of a dungeon.
I really wish that rare monster would stick around.
As Wiz was stroking the jaw of the undead dragon that she raised, she said.
“Still, I wonder where he went. It might draw other monsters to us too, but do you want to try calling out for him…?”
And just as those words left her mouth, Wiz trailed off, her gaze squarely fixed at something behind me.
Curiosity piqued, I followed her gaze.
“… That’s a… monster… right?”
“It must be. There’s no way a normal girl would just be hanging around this deep in the dungeon… ”
A blonde haired girl was shyly peeking around the corner some distance away from us.
If you encounter a normal seeming girl this deep in a dungeon, there’s no way she’d be a human.
… But.
“That’s odd, my Enemy Detection isn’t reacting at all. Does she not bear any hostility towards us? But, judging from her age, it’s hard to see her as an adventurer… ”
“It isn’t reacting? Actually, just what kind of monster is she? She doesn’t seem like a ghost, and a doppelganger wouldn’t normally take that kind of form… ”
A girl that doesn’t trigger my Enemy Detection skill.
Wiz and I guardedly observed her as we whispered to each other.
Then, the girl tilted her head and said.
“Onii-chan, Onee-chan, are you two bad adventurers? Or good adventurers?”
Wiz and I looked at each other for a moment before guardedly replying.
“… If I have to choose, I’d say, a good adventurer.”
“I’m not an adventurer, but I don’t think I’m a bad person.”
Then, the girl broke into a wide smile.
“What a relief. My name is Amarilice! Say, do you want to have a chat? I’ve been stuck in this dungeon for a very long time, and it’s really lonely down here.”
“… I don’t mind talking, but what are you doing all by yourself this deep in the dungeon? In the first place… Well, are you human?”
Amarilice seemed to tear up slightly.
“… Right now, I’m no longer human. You know, the old man who raised me was a magician. For the sake of his magical research, he turned me into a chimera. After that, I can no longer live in the cities, so he told me to hide myself in this dungeon. He said he’ll come get me when he finds a way to turn me back to normal, so I’ve been living here ever since.”
Hearing her tell such a heavy tale, Wiz and I fell into a sullen silence.
“Umm… What is that old man to you? What happened to your parents?”
“Papa and Mama died. The old man said he bought me. He brings me food to eat, so he’s a very good person!”
… That old man who told this girl to hide herself in this dungeon probably had no intention of coming back for her.
This orphaned girl was bought by him to be used for his experiments, before being abandoned here.
In this heavy, depressing atmosphere…
“In that case, let onee-chan fix you right up! I might look this way, but I’m actually a really amazing mage. I used to know a chimera too, so I’ll definitely be able to turn you back to normal!”
Wiz suddenly said that, and showed her a reassuring smile to put her at ease.
… I’m struggling to recall why I thought so lowly of her.
“R-Really? Will you really turn me back?”
“Yes, of course. So there’s no need to be afraid, you should come closer. This dragon zombie is my friend.”
Wiz said in a very motherly tone, but Amarilice still seemed a little hesitant…
“But will onee-chan really not be scared when you see my body? You won’t be disgusted?”
She slowly, tentatively, said that.
“It’ll be fine, onee-chan can make friends even with ghosts. So don’t worry, come over…”
Wiz, who had been saying such gentle words earlier, abruptly stopped upon seeing Amarilice’s body.
As for me, I was almost about to piss myself.
Amarilice’s head is attached to a spider’s body.
Amarilice scuttled towards Wiz with a surprising swiftness.
“Onee-chan!”
“Aaah!”
“W-W-W-Wait! A-A-A-Amarilice-chan, wait a minute, okay!? Onee-chan will calm down in a moment, so please wait a minute!”
I let out a fearful shriek and ducked behind Wiz, and Wiz herself pleaded with Amarilice through tearful eyes.
“What’s wrong, Onee-chan? Didn’t you say you wouldn’t be scared!? You said you’d fix me! You promised!”
Amarilice shook her head as she shrieked, her hair flowing into a mess around her, and strange cracking sounds could be heard from her neck as she approached.
What kind of horror B-movie did we stumble into?
“Young lady, please calm down! Onii-chan will give you a sweet! Here!”
“W-W-W-Wait it’s fine onee-chan isn’t scared or anything I’ll fix you I’ll turn you back to normal just please calm down aaaah Vanir-san Vanir-san Vanir-saaaaaaan!”
“Ah, wait, I do like children, but please wait a minute young lady!”
Wiz and I clung onto each other in fear and screamed.
“Why are you two raising such a racket… Oh, is that Amarilice-dono?”
Vanir’s voice came from behind us.
Upon hearing that, Amarilice stopped in her tracks.
“Oh, that beautiful mask must be Vanir-sama. Fancy meeting you in this dungeon.”
“… …?”
Wiz and I slowly turned to look at Vanir, even as we remained clinging to each other.
“Amarilice-dono, you’re as lovely as always. Moi begs pardon to interrupt you while you’re enjoying feasting on the dark emotions of fear, but these two are my companions.”
“Oh, that was rude of me. I hope you take no offense. Ah, well, you see, I was chasing Strelksy, my pet hell neroid that suddenly ran away, when I stumbled upon this place. It seems like the large concentrations of raw arcana created several connections from this place to hell… Anyway, I followed the path and end up running into these two, and it has been quite some time since I had a snack, so…”
Wait a minute.
“Wait, what? Amarilice isn’t a chimera, but actually a devil? Then what was all that talk about a magical experiment and chimera and what not?”
“Oh, that was all a lie. You see, I have a particular fondness for the taste of fear, which is why I assumed this form… Oh, these feelings of embarrassment and rage are more to the taste of Vanir-sama. I’m not particularly fond of them myself, so thanks, but no thanks.”
… I hate devils.
“Now, then, I should get back to looking for my pet… Oh, that’s right, Vanir-sama, you can use your powers of foresight to locate my Strelksy!”
“Oh, my, look at the time. We should really be going. Farewell, Amarilice-dono! May we meet again in hell!”
“… R-Right…”
Faced with Vanir’s tepid response, Amarilice waved us goodbye before scuttling away into the darkness.
“Sniff… sniff… It’s good that she wasn’t an actual chimera… It’s a good thing, but it’s still really hard to accept….”
I understand her feelings very well.
Actually, I think I actually did let a little bit out.
“How long are you two going to be sniffling? Come on, we should get going. Fuhahaha, more importantly, rejoice, Wiz! The items that the brat didn’t buy were all sold off too! Perhaps we should make this a regular event!”
“… I think I’m starting to hate devils a little…”
“W-Wait, isn’t it a little presumptuous to apply the actions of one individual onto the entire race?”
–Dungeon, fifteenth floor–
“Vanir-san, just a little bit! Just a little bit would do!”
“Stop, to a devil, mana is the source of our powers and even the very foundation of my existence! H-Hey, stop trying to use Drain Touch on me! If you need to replenish mana, just drain it from the next monster we meet!”
“Monsters who live deep in the dungeons have a lot of arcana in them, so their mana is really heavy and feels like it’ll give me indigestion! Just give me a little bit! Aren’t the mana of devils said to be of the highest quality!? Just a little bit! Just a very small sip would do!”
“S-Stop it, stop trying to touch my mask! In the first place, how could we run into enough monsters that it drained a lich like you in such a short period of time? It’s certainly sufficient for raising the brat’s levels quickly, but the number of monsters we are seeing is still truly odd…”
As Wiz and Vanir argued, I kept watch for any nearby monsters.
“Come to think of it, we really did run into a lot of monsters, didn’t we? It’s nothing like how it was on the surface. I never thought I’d gain this many levels in a single day.
My level has already been reset twice since I came here, and I’m fast approaching the point where it’d be a good idea to reset for a third time.
On the surface, just tracking and killing five frogs took me around half a day.
There is really something strange with the encounter rate in this dungeon.
Just then, Wiz, who had been struggling with Vanir to drain a bit of magic from him, pulled out the rosary that she wore around her neck and showed it to him.
“That’s probably the work of this rosary! It’s said to bring about wonderful encounters just by wearing it, and it seems like the monsters in this dungeon are also affected… aaaaah, Vanir-san, what are you doing!? Give it back, don’t try and throw it away!”
Seriously, every single thing that she buys are all…
“Moi knew something was off…! Moi shall restrain the next monster that we come across, so bear with it until then! … Still, do you really wish to get a boyfriend so badly? Moi does have a friend who is somewhat lacking in brains, but he’s quite handsome by most standards and good at taking care of others. He’s a devil named Maxwell who came here from another world, but Moi could introduce him to you if you want.”
“… A considerate and handsome man… No, as long as he’s a compassionate and kind person, his appearance doesn’t matter too much… When you say he’s lacking in brains, what exactly do you mean? Is he bad at calculations?”
“He lacks the back half of his head entirely.”
“He’s literally lacking in brains!? Of course not! Come to think of it, aren’t devils genderless!?”
Seeing the two of them reenact some strange comedy skit, I’ve completely forgotten that we are currently in the depths of a dangerous dungeon…
–Dungeon, seventeenth floor–
I wonder exactly how much time has passed.
I’m currently taking my second break right now, but because of how I’ve been keeping my guard up throughout the entire journey, I’ve completely lost track of time.
I bought several fatigue relieving potions from Vanir. Thanks to them, I don’t really feel tired, but I can feel my thoughts starting to slow.
“… Oh? Are you starting to feel sleepy? Well, that is only to be expected. Almost one full day has passed on the surface. Here, drink this potion. It’ll bring you back to full alertness in a single blow.”
“Vanir-san, you brought that along? But the side effects are–!”
Wiz started to say something, before Vanir cut her off by placing a hand over her mouth.
I looked down at the potion in my hand.
“What exactly is this revitalization potion made out of? It’s not addictive, is it?”
“Of course not, to someone with as high luck as you, this potion has practically no side effects… Yes, I see it now. I see a future where you are practically bouncing off the walls after drinking that potion.”
“Don’t play with my heart like you did earlier, alright?”
I still had my doubts, but I sat down on the cold floor and hesitantly downed the potion.
“I’ve earned quite a nest egg of skill points, so should we not head back around now? We’re here to raise my level, not conquer the dungeon, after all.”
Just as I said that, Wiz pried Vanir’s hand off her mouth and said.
“What are you saying!? We’ve come all the way down here, so let’s push through to the end! At the very bottom of this dungeon, in the owner’s room, lie vast riches and powerful equipment! They will surely be of use if you plan to fight with the Demon King-san!”
… D-Demon King, huh…
“Well, I’m still not fully decided if I really want to take on the Demon King… Actually, isn’t he a friend to you two? Do you really think nothing of someone taking him out?”
Wiz and Vanir did use to work as Demon King generals, after all, and from what I heard, they shared an amicable relationship.
But Wiz and Vanir simply shared a glance.
“Getting defeated at the end is just part of the job for a Demon King, right, Vanir-san?”
“Indeed. Constantly causing trouble for humanity, clashing magnificently with a band of valiant adventurers, before magnificently exiting the stage. That’s what a Demon King is. Besides, the Demon King is getting on in age. I’m sure he wants to end his reign with a bang and pass his crown to his daughter soon.”
I don’t think I quite understand how devils think.
Come to think of it, building a grand dungeon isn’t the end goal for this devil. If I recall, his end goal is something like getting defeated by a band of adventurers and taste the ultimate dark emotions from them just before he truly vanishes into the void.
These two probably have their own sense of values and aesthetics.
After all, there exists a race of Archwizards powerful enough to rule the world if they put their minds to it, but instead of becoming adventurers, they chose to become cobblers, tailors, and even NEETs.
I already knew that there are a lot of weirdos amongst the residents of this world, but…
“So the Demon King is getting up in years, huh? But, still, if he’s still the Demon King, that must mean he is still the strongest being in the entire Demon King’s army, right? … Or he is going senile to the point where even I can deal with him somehow?”
“No, he’s not necessarily the strongest. His daughter has probably exceeded him in strength by this point. As for whether you can deal with him, Moi cannot say, but even as old as he is, the Demon King is still strong enough to crush an ogre’s skull with a single hand.”
Yeah, of course.
There’s no way he’d be that easy to take out.
“But, wait, isn’t strength everything to the people of this world? I was sure the position of the Demon King would be taken by whoever happens to be the strongest, or something simple like that.”
“Do you really think that everyone in this world is a musclebrain? Or does the country you came from award its highest governmental position to whoever has the highest combat capability? Moi cannot speak for your world, but for the position of the Demon King… first, they must have the charisma to command a large number of Generals. Then, they need enough strength that they wouldn’t be looked down on by their subordinates. And Moi supposes they would also need to be fairly intelligent as well. Out of all of them, the most important quality would be the charisma to manage a band of Generals with their varied personality quirks.”
“Looking at you and Wiz, I’ll have to say that the Demon King probably has a lot of trouble with that.”
Looking at this free-spirited fellow made me think that the Demon King probably has his hands full as well.
Not long after, Vanir stood up, making a time to move on motion.
“In any case, it would be good if we could find any items that would increase your meagre combat prowess. Of course, what I’m hoping for are treasures that could be easily converted into money! Wait for me, o master of this dungeon! Moi shall be taking all your treasures with me! Fuhahaha!”
Staying with him made me feel like I’m an armed burglar rather than an adventurer.
“By the way, have you thought about what kind of skills you want to pick up, Kazuma-san? I can teach you teleport before we leave this dungeon if you want.”
Teleport!
I really want Teleport. That one spell can be put to use in any number of ways.
Yes, like, for instance…
“Crimes committed with the use of teleport or light bending magic will receive a much harsher sentence.”
“What!? I-I-I didn’t say anything! I just thought that teleport seems like it’d be useful in any number of ways! You know, like using it to escape if I run into a tough spot after sneaking into the Demon King’s castle!”
“… If you are intending to use Teleport as a way to escape, it wouldn’t work unless you do something about the barrier first. Leaving that aside, perhaps you might want to learn one of my skills first? Such as my eye beams and instant death rays?”
“… If a human like me were to use an instant death ray…”
“Of course, you would die. But think about it. The exact instant you unleash your ultimate technique, you fall dead on the spot. Your opponent would surely be taken aback. There aren’t that many other art forms that you can dedicate your mind and body to like this.”
“Unlike a certain goddess, I’m not intending to commit my soul to the perfection of an art!”
–Dungeon, eighteenth floor–
“Vanir-style death ray! Vanir-style death ray! Vanir-style… Grah, there’s way too many of them! Wiz, do something about it! This is getting tiresome! Turn them all to dust at once with Explosion!”
“I-I can’t use Explosion magic in a dungeon! If the dungeon collapses… Ah, my dragon zombies! They just got surrounded by a horde of minotaurs!”
“Uwaah! Hey, they are over here too! The monsters are coming this way too!”
The moment we went down the stairs, we found ourselves being completely surrounded by monsters.
It was like stepping into a monster house.
Even Wiz and Vanir weren’t able to fully contain the horde of monsters that awaited us, and one of the minotaurs charged up towards me…
“Graaaah!”
“Eep!”
I quickly ducked, and the minotaur’s axe swept by just a hair’s breadth above my head.
If I was just a bit slower, my head would’ve been sent flying.
Without Aqua present, if I die, it’s all over.
Dungeons are scary! No, wait, monsters are scary! My heart is about to leap out of my chest!
Yeah, in a normal battle, if you die, you’re out.
Only now am I realizing how important Aqua is.
I thought I was bringing along some future cat-like robot when I first chose her, only to find out that the fourth dimensional pocket was sold separately, but I think I’ll treat her more kindly in the future.
Vanir and Wiz had their hands full dealing with the other monsters.
I had no choice but to draw my sword to face down this giant ox man who’s several times my height.
“Dammit, to think I’d appreciate Aqua’s good points only at such a time! Like hell I’m dying here, after I bring Aqua back, I’m going to live a decadent life full of joys! I’m going to laze around drinking wine early in the morning and go out for some fun at night! I also want to travel somewhere for a vacation! Even though I’m an adventurer, I haven’t really seen much of this world at all!”
After hearing my words, Wiz shouted.
“Ah, he said it! Did you hear that, Vanir-san!? The usually dishonest Kazuma-san finally spilled his heart out! Kyaa, realizing your true feelings during a time a crisis, how romanti– ugh!”
A minotaur drove its axe into the side of Wiz’s head as she was wriggling about while saying some incomprehensible things.
“Wait, Wiz!?”
Despite being sent flying by the blow, Wiz got right back up as though nothing happened to her.
“Then I must make sure Kazuma-san and Aqua-sama meet once again to affirm their love for each other! Vanir-san, I’m going to use a large amount of mana now, so I’ll be counting on you to replenish my mana after the battle, okay!?”
Wiz definitely had some kind of misunderstanding.
She walked right into a horde of minotaurs and ignored the blows that they rained down on her while she started chanting some kind of spell.
I know liches won’t suffer any damage from non-magical weapons, but seeing it in person sure is a sight.
Next to me, three dragon zombies were engaged in full on combat with the minotaur horde.
As for Vanir, he’s drawing something on the floor with the blood of the minotaur he just defeated…
“Graaaah!”
“Aaaah!”
The minotaur facing me raised its axe with a roar.
I dived between its feet and sliced upwards with Chunchunmaru.
But considering my weak strength, my attack only left a shallow cut on the minotaur’s skin.
I’m already over level 30, so why is my attack stat so low!?
However, the minotaur never got the chance to bring down its axe on me.
“Cursed Petrification!”
The spell that Wiz unleashed turned the minotaur that I was fighting with into stone.
And not just that one minotaur, but almost every monster that surrounded us were turned to stone too.
“Fuhahaha, well done, Wiz! Now then, Moi too shall… In the name of the duke of hell, Vanir! Crawl forth, my servants!”
With a bout of laughter, Vanir pointed his hand at the magic circle he drew with minotaur blood which immediately started glowing with a strange light–
When the light disappeared, a bunch of creatures that seemed exactly like the classical image of a devil, with black, muscular bodies and bat like wings were standing on top of the circle.
Facing the sudden appearance of a horde of devils, the monsters that were led here by the minotaurs started running away in fear.
Looking at the true power of the devil that normally acts the fool, I can’t help but feel a kernel of fear…
“What’s the matter, Vanir-sama? It’s quite troublesome for you to call us up out of the blue in this busy season… ”
“Yeah, spare a thought for us who have to work our asses off to cover you after you left your territory to go play on the surface.”
“More importantly, what’s with your clothes? That’s not how a duke of hell should dress…”
The summoned devils grumbled endlessly.
Even though every single one of them looked fearsome, I couldn’t bring myself to be afraid of them at all.
— It almost felt like I was part of a small army when we headed down with a horde of demons and undead around me.
All the monsters that appeared after that were ones that my sword couldn’t do much against.
If I wasn’t surrounded by such a huge group, I would probably have wet myself the moment I laid eyes on any of those monsters.
Wiz raised each of them after they were defeated, adding to our forces.
That’s how we made progress. Eventually…
–Dungeon, twentieth floor–
This floor gives off a completely different feel from the previous floors. The walls are aglow with a soft light.
I’m not sure if it’s because the walls are enchanted, or if glow moss were planted on them.
Strangely enough, I couldn’t detect any monsters since we came down to this floor.
This floor is probably forbidden to anyone other than the owner of this dungeon.
Right now, we were standing in front of the room at the very deepest level of this dungeon.
There are many evil-seeming and extravagant engravings upon this door, much like what you’d expect of a door leading to the last boss of a video game.
The owner of this dungeon is probably behind here.
I nodded towards Vanir and Wiz, and slowly pushed the door open.
Behind it is…
“Finally, there’s someone strong enough to make it all the way here. Allow me to compliment you for conquering the dungeon this far. Now, show me your strength! I, the king of undead, an immortal vampire that has lived for a thousand years shall be your… your…”
In the very center of the room is an ostentatious throne, upon which the owner of the dungeon lazed on and started giving a bombastic speech before trailing off.
It’s probably because he sighted what was behind me.
“Oh, my, when did vampires take over as the king of undead when liches still exists? It’s certainly a nice bit of comedy after coming all this way. Ufufufu, ahahahaha!”
Wiz, who has unleashed many high level spells on the way here and replenished her mana from various struggling monsters broke out into maniacal laughter as tears streamed from her eyes.
“Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! My, my, this has truly been a pretentious dungeon you’ve created. Then again, what could anyone expect from a fledgling who has barely lived a thousand years!? Fuhahahahaha!”
Similarly, having expended a large amount of mana with those eye beams of his before coming here, Vanir broke out into a laughing fit too.
As for the owner of this dungeon who had completely stiffened up.
“… Um, I’ll go put on some tea now, so, w-why don’t we talk about your business first…?”
Tried his best to school his face, which had been almost on the verge of tears, into a smile.
… My condolences…
“Fuhahahaha! Fuhahahaha!”
“Ah, this is legendary tier! A legendary tier magic item!”
Vanir and Wiz excitedly rummaged through the treasures in the back room of throne room.
As for me, I was sipping tea with the vampire.
“Umm, well… sorry for the trouble my companions are causing.”
“No, no, I should be sorry for creating such an ostentatious dungeon when I’m just a mere vampire. After you are done, I intend to go back to my home in the countryside and live a peaceful life as a tomato farmer.”
An elder vampire that sells tomatoes in the countryside, huh?
A sun-hating vampire working in the fields is also something to talk about, but–
“Yeah, I suppose that’s a decent way to live too. You won’t end up having to suffer something like this, at least.”
“Indeed, if I have to go through something this horrifying, I would rather live a quiet life in seclusion. In my thousand years of life, I’ve never thought I’d be staring down a horde of demons and undead like this. And not only that, but also led by a lich and a greater devil that has lived far longer than me. I’m happy enough just be not getting destroyed.”
Saying that, the elder vampire took a sip of tea and looked towards Vanir and Wiz.
“Fuhahaha, what a mountain of gold! With the money gained from what that brat is buying and all this treasure, Moi shall be able to finance a big establishment! Yes, a casino! Wiz, let’s create a casino with this money! A giant casino that makes Elroad look like a roadside poker game!”
“Aah, look at this, look at this, Vanir-san! This item emanates a strong magical aura! I don’t know what effect it has, but I’m sure it’s powerful enough to turn the world on its head…!”
Looking at the two of them acting like children in a toy store, I can’t help but feel that the vampire elegantly sipping tea feels more fitting as a last boss.
After the vampire surrendered, Wiz relinquished her hold on the undead dragon and the other monsters, and Vanir has also let his underlings go home.
As I chatted with the vampire, Vanir hurriedly stuffed the various treasures that he offered after his surrender into his rucksack.
“Oh, dear, this is a problem! There’s too much treasure! There’s no way to carry them all back like this!”
“That’s a problem, Vanir-san. What should we do? I can feel strong magic coming from every single item here. I really want to bring them all back if possible… ”
As the two of them said that, they stared at the vampire.
… You’re not asking him to help you move too after taking everything valuable he has, right?
“Wiz, teach me teleport right now. I’ll register this place as a waypoint. That’d solve our problem, right?”
That answer probably satisfied them. Vanir and Wiz came over bearing a set of items, a formidable seeming sword and a suit of jet black armour.
“Brat, you should take this with you. This is the weapon with the strongest magical aura in this mountain of treasure. It’d fetch a princely sum if sold, but it’d be better served in your hands.”
“This armour seems pretty powerful too. It radiates a strong magic aura, so there shouldn’t be any problems if you wear this to the Demon King’s castle.”
Those items are probably worth a small fortune, and they are happily handing it over to me.
At the end of the day, it seems like they really do care about me.
I started to feel a little embarrassed, but I gratefully put on the armour-
“… It’s too heavy to move in.”
Just putting on one of the gauntlets practically immobilized me in place.
Come on, this is really odd.
It might be the weakest class and all, but I’m already over level thirty.
Unlike the last time it happened, my strength has gone up by quite a bit now, so…
“Ah, right, that armour can only be equipped by Crusaders. And that sword too can only be used by Sword Masters.”
The vampire whose name I still do not know said that.
No, wait, what do you mean my class limited equipment? Is the weakest class not even allowed to wield legendary tier weapons?
“Say, are there any powerful items that can be used by an Adventurer?”
“M-My apologies, not many people choose to specialize into the Adventurer class, so there aren’t many craftsmen who would make powerful equipment for them… At the very least, I don’t have any of them in my possession…”
At those words, Vanir broke out into laughter.
“Fuhahahaha! Isn’t this just fine, brat who could never become a hero, this is more your stride! Weak equipment and skills that are hastily put together! If you defeat the Demon King in such a state, you would truly be hailed as a great hero! Oh, your future is showing itself to me! You shall be hailed as the harem bastard, the strongest hero, the strongest of the weakest class, and many other amusing titles! Fuhahaha!”
When I get back to town and learn all the skills, I really want to use this guy as my first target.
“Dammit, what is wrong with this world? Ah, but Crusader exclusive equipment, huh? It looks pretty ominous being all black like that, but I suppose it’d make a good gift to bring back for Darkness. I don’t suppose there’s a magic staff too, is there?”
“I don’t really keep a lot of equipment for mages. Ah, right, this ring I’m wearing increases the power of any spells the owner casts. Do you want to take it with you?”
Saying that, the vampire started pulling the ring from his finger, but I hurried to stop him.
“N-No, that’s fine. It feels like I’m trying to strip you bare, so… Actually it kinda feels like we are robbing you, so sorry about that.”
“No, no, a dungeon is there to be broken into. The items and treasure here all came from the adventurers who tried to challenge this dungeon and failed, so don’t worry about it. But this ring is one of my possessions from back when I’m still alive, so I suppose it’s a relief.”
Saying that, the vampire let out a sigh of relief–
“Is that a ring that increases the power of spells?”
Wiz stared at the ring with a greedy look in her eyes.
… Please don’t go any further.
By the time we teleported back to town, it was completely dark out.
After spending more than a day in the dungeon, my sense of time is completely out of whack.
“It’s probably too late to catch the late night carriage by now. Plus, you might have cheated with the fatigue relieving potion and the alertness potion, but rapidly leveling up and keeping a state of high tension for a long period of time does put a certain amount of strain on your body, to say nothing of the day you spent in combat. It’d be best to spend the night resting before setting off tomorrow.”
Vanir, his rucksack and hands completely stuffed with treasure, said to me.
I, with the souvenir for Darkness in my hands, gave my thanks to Vanir and Wiz.
“Thank you. I’ll definitely bring that idiot back here.”
“Moi does not care about that goddess.”
“That isn’t good at all! … Kazuma-san, if it comes down to it, I’ll help protect this town from the shadows. I’ll make sure to protect this place that Aqua-sama calls home, so set off without worries. When you make it back, I’ll go with you to raise your levels or whatever you want.”
Please spare me.
To be honest, dungeons are really scary.
When I picture being surrounded by monsters far stronger than myself again, my survival instincts can’t help but scream at me not to put myself into a similar situation.
I get the feeling that dungeons are going to become a bit of a sore spot for me in the near future.
“There are still quite a fair bit of treasure left in the dungeon, but Moi understands that you have pressing business to attend to, so we’ll leave the rest of the treasure to after you come back. So, please do come back alive. Just thinking about making it to the depths of the dungeon the long way round again gives me conniptions.”
That really does sound like Vanir.
“When you come back, I’ll properly teach you Advanced Magic, so please come back safely!”
Wiz sent me off with a gentle smile.
I wanted to learn Advanced Magic as well back when she taught me Teleport in the dungeon, but I couldn’t master it.
I had more than enough skill points to spare, of course, but it didn’t show up in my learnable skills column.
Beginner’s Magic can be activated by just yelling the name of the spell.
Intermediate Magic is a little more complicated to activate.
Those two can be picked up even by a complete amateur, but when it comes to Advanced Magic–
“When it comes to Advanced magic, one must be intimately familiar with the gestures, chants, flow of mana, and all kinds of other factors that goes into casting the spell. It’s not something a person can learn in a single night… Ah, but as for Explosion Magic, you’ve been together with Megumin-san for a long time now, and you’ve spent every day observing her, right? Then–”
“I don’t need something like that.”
In the first place, even if I learnt Explosion Magic, I wouldn’t have the mana needed to cast it.
Even Megumin, a Crimson Demon that’s naturally overflowing with mana, uses it all up after a single shot.
… Still, Advanced Magic, huh?
I want the spell that can make myself invisible. I really want it.
Of course, I haven’t thought about what I’d use that spell for, but…
“Oh, the future is coming to me. A future where the brat learns advanced magic to make himself invisible and enters the public bath.”
“Thanks for the help, everyone! I’ll come again before we set off, so see you tomorrow!”
It’s almost dawn now.
“… I thought the pick up point for the carriage is here, but did they move it without me knowing?”
Having lost track of time completely while I was telling stories, I’ve been walking around searching for another carriage out of this town.
I’m the one with the best sense of direction within the party, so there’s no way I could’ve gotten lost.
That means that the pick up point must have been changed.
Whenever we are on a quest, the three of them would disappear if I take my eyes off them for even an instant.
They would definitely get lost if they were to chase after me, and the journey would be thrown into chaos.
Oh no, maybe I should’ve waited till everyone could stand on their own feet before setting off on this journey.
Just as I was wandering around town searching for the pick up point and getting worried for the rest,
“… Aqua-sama? Just where are you going dressed like that?”
The one who called out to me was one of my cute believers, Cecily.
“What a coincidence, meeting you at such an early hour… No, there’s no way this is a coincidence.”
Yes, as expected of the exemplary Axis Cult.
They felt the decisive battle coming on the wind, which is why she is out here so early in the morning.
“No, I was asking for more wine even after the bar has closed and before I knew it, it was morning. By the way, that’s the place I was drinking at.”
Cecily pointed to a tavern that I’ve been to many times before.
If I recall, this tavern was located in a much busier section of town.
Not only did the pick up point change, but it seems like even the tavern has relocated without me noticing.
“Well, it can’t be helped if you’ve been drinking. I too get angry whenever I hear calls for the last order. Whenever that happens, it turns into a bitter endurance match. But they always call Kazuma-san to fetch me home.”
“I understand you very well, Aqua-sama. Whenever I get drunk, I always want to drink and celebrate more, so the last thing I want to do is head home.”
As expected of the Axis Cult. They sure are an agreeable bunch.
“By the way, the owner of that tavern said don’t worry about the tab, just please don’t come back…”
“I see, the owner is a tsundere. There’s no reason to bar any members of the pure and upright Axis Cult, so the owner is a tsundere to the core. Take it from a regular.”
“Understood, Aqua-sama! … So, back to my question, what’s with your outfit…?”
With a carefree smile, Cecily asked me that question again.
“Listen well, my devout Cecily. Seeing the current state of this world pains me. The proper, hardworking residents of this world are currently under threat of the Demon King. Thus, I shall now go on a journey to wipe out that root of evil!”
“W-What did you say!? In other words, Aqua-sama is joining the battle in person? What about Megu-tan!? I don’t see Megu-tan anywhere! No, I mean, what about Megumin-san and Kazuma-san? And that Crusader from the Eris church!?”
I’m a little interested in when our Megumin evolved into Megu-tan, but,
“This upcoming journey would be fairly grueling. I’ve judged that those three fledglings won’t be of much help. That’s why… I shall personally set off to defeat the Demon King!”
“You can’t… Er, I mean, Aqua-sama, it might be impudent of me, but I think that it’d be best to bring those three along. Otherwise, regardless of if you win or lose, you’ll get lectured.”
Win or lose, I’ll get a lecture.
“… What should I do? Maybe I can smooth things over with a souvenir or two?”
“I don’t think that’ll work.”
Maybe I should leave taking out the Demon King to some other day.
Those words came up to my throat, but I couldn’t say it out loud.
She might not know my true identity, but I still can’t appear that pathetic in front of one of my believers.
“By the way, what do you intend to do from now on, Aqua-sama?”
“Well, first off, I thought I’d take a carriage to somewhere cold. The Demon King’s castle seems like it’d be in a cold place, don’t you think? Like, somewhere to the north?”
“Very well, Aqua-sama, please allow your humble servant Cecily to accompany you for part of the way.”
As expected of the perceptive Axis Cult, she must have been motivated by the scent of the upcoming holy war.
“If you are willing to go that far, then I suppose I’ll allow it, Cecily. Let’s head towards the north.”
“Roger, Aqua-sama. But first, let’s ask the carriage driver to head in the direction of the Demon King’s castle. They are professional transporters, after all. I’m sure they’ll take us to where we need to go.”
As expected of Cecily. She’s sharp as always.
I’ve been together with this girl for quite some time now. Perhaps it’s time to tell her the truth.
“As expected of Cecily, what a capable girl. As a reward, perhaps it’s about time I tell you the truth about–”
“Please don’t say anything more!”
Cecily let out a scream with an uncharacteristic haste.
As expected of the humble Axis Cult, they have no greed at all–!
“I’m home~”
“Welcome back!” x2
When I opened the front door, Megumin and Darkness immediately greeted me.
They were seated on the carpet, and appeared to have been waiting for quite some time.
“You finally came back. I thought you would come back every few hours to rest between leveling, but you went and disappeared for over a day. I was really worried, you know?”
“Yeah! Seriously, this is why I should’ve gone with you to act as your meat shield. In the future… what is this?”
Megumin warmly welcomed me back, and Darkness grumbled about something.
However, she trailed off and curiously looked over the suit of armour I brought back.
“It’s a souvenir. I heard that it was a powerful set of armour that only Crusaders could use, so I brought it back with me.”
“Oh, a class-limited item. Items that are class restricted tend to be fairly powerful. Were you not able to find any items that you could use, Kazuma?”
“Ah, well, it is a little hard to find equipment tailor-made for Adventurers. It’s not that popular a class, after all.”
As Megumin and I talked away, Darkness accepted the suit of armour with trembling hands and hugged it close to her chest, her face red and tears gathering in her eyes.
“… Thank you. I’ll take good care of it.”
Those were simple words, but they were ones overflowing with feelings.
There’s no way I can tell her now that I decided to pass it on after finding out that it didn’t fit me.
“A jet black suit of armour, huh? It’d be a good fit for your name.”
“Yeah. Though, with the colour and the design, it does make you seem a bit like one of the Demon King’s bodyguards if you were to wear it.”
“Ugh, well… I do think it’s a little odd for a holy knight to wear a suit of jet black armour, but, well… this armour is quite beautiful, isn’t it? It’s enchanted with powerful magic, and will adjust its proportions to fit its wielder. I’m sure it’ll look properly knight-like while I’m wearing it.”
Darkness hurriedly carried the armour to the living room and started polishing it.
She seems like she’s having a lot of fun doing that.
Just then, Megumin tugged on my sleeve.
“So, did you get anything for me?”
“Er, well, n-no…”
— I had a light dinner before taking a bath.
When I got out, I couldn’t see Darkness anywhere.
She seemed pretty fond of that armour, so she’s probably trying it on in her room.
Megumin, on the other hand, was sitting on the sofa, seemingly waiting for me to emerge from the bath.
Despite the lateness of the hour, Megumin was wearing a black one piece dress instead of her usual pajamas.
“I’m going to sleep. I don’t know where you’re planning to go, but you should probably have an early night too, Megumin. Tomorrow will be a busy day.”
I plan on learning skills from the various adventurers that Megumin and Darkness reached out to while I was off grinding levels in the dungeon.
Once that is done, we’ll be setting off after Aqua.
The luggage for tomorrow’s journey is piled neatly in the corner of the living room.
It seems Megumin and Darkness had been getting ready while I was away in the dungeon.
“Is that so? Then, I should go to bed soon.”
With that, Megumin quickly got to her feet.
And, for some reason, she got behind me as I headed back to my room.
When I opened the door of my room, Megumin entered it like it was a matter of course.
… …
“Umm, what are you doing? Weren’t you heading to bed?”
“I’ll go to bed… With you, Kazuma.”
…Wait, what?
–When I fell into a daze trying to process what Megumin just said, she walked over to my bed and patted the sheets as though she was testing the springs.
“This journey will be far more dangerous than any of our previous outings. That’s why… let’s make sure neither of us have any regrets.”
Megumin gave me a sly smile.
… … Wait, what?
“B-Being in this situation again i-is a little nerve-wracking, isn’t it? Are you okay? I-It’s not too tough on you, is it?”
“I-It’s fine, there’s no problem. Megumin, too, you shouldn’t push yourself.”
It’s a new moon tonight.
The only light streaming into this room came from the street lamps that the mages lit in the evening.
In this faint light, even Megumin’s pale skin is hard to make out clearly.
My Farsight skill only allows me to see the outlines of objects, much like a thermograph.
But the crimson glow of her eyes are clearly visible in this darkness.
Megumin laid on top of the bed and smiled at me.
Did she deliberately change into her favoured one piece dress just for this purpose?
I’ve been thinking about various things in order to distract myself, but my lower half does what my lower half wants.
To be honest, it’s becoming really hard to hold in my urges. I really want to do something about it as soon as possible.
Megumin seemed to have picked up that I was staring at her dress.
“This is the only piece of clothing I have that can really be said to be sexy… What do you think? Does it look good? Is it, um…”
“I-It looks fine. It’s very pretty, and, um, I’m turned on.”
“T-Turned on? Can’t you put it in… No, this is just like you.”
She let out another giggle.
Then, almost like she’s inviting me, she extended both arms and smiled at me.
“You can’t hold it in any more, can you? It’s alright, I’ll accept all of you. So that we don’t regret anything, so that we don’t leave anything behind, please do as you wish.”
I’m reaching my limit.
Anyone who wouldn’t make a move after hearing all this must really be shot in the head.
I moved on top of her, and, taking care not to rest my body weight onto her, wrapped her into a tight hug.
Now that my eyes have become accustomed to the darkness, I can clearly see that one of the straps of her dress has slipped aside, revealing her pale shoulder.
Come to think of it, I’ve only ever shared a kiss with Darkness, haven’t I?
Starting with a kiss here is only appropriate.
When I placed my hand on her cheek, she placed her own hand over it, and closed her eyes.
Just a simple gesture pushed my nervousness and excitement to the limit.
Women really are scary.
I slowly drew closer to Megumin, and she gulped.
She seemed to have sensed me approaching.
This isn’t like the kiss with Darkness, this is one both parties purposefully went into.
My nerves are completely shot, and there’s also a pressing mood to hurry up with things.
After all, if I take my time, that idiot will definitely barge in to meddle with things.
Yes, just like always, that idiot will interrupt just as things are getting good…!
That idiot…
“… Is something wrong?”
After a while, Megumin narrowly opened one of her eyes, seemingly noticing my inactivity.
That idiot won’t get in the way.
She’s not here, after all.
In other words, this is my chance.
It’s a one in a thousand chance, but…
“… I’m sorry.”
“… Um, is it because I’m no good? They might not be as big as Darkness or Aqua, but I think they have a pretty good shape. Would you like to take a look?”
“I really want to… No, that’s not it. To be honest, I want to do it. I really want to do it. My lower half is raging at me to continue. So it is not because you lack the charms. It’s just…”
I’m wasting this chance.
I know this is a stupid thing to do.
But–
“I really want to do it when Aqua and Darkness and everyone is in the house. Doing such stuff while worrying about them interfering. Sneaking off to your room and messing around in order to avoid their attention. Sure, they’ll interfere just when things are getting good, but–”
I was cut off by Megumin who placed a hand over my mouth.
She then wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me into a kiss.
Tasting her tongue in my mouth sent all of my thoughts flying.
I naturally wrapped Megumin in my arms and went with the flow–
“… I truly adore that part of you. I love it so much, I just can’t get enough of it.”
When I tried to move on to the next step, Megumin pulled away and pushed my head into her chest.
She let out a breath and gently stroked the back of my head.
With my face pressed flush against Megumin’s gentle softness, I don’t think I can hold myself back any longer–
“We’ll continue this on the night we bring Aqua back. That’s a promise, okay?”
Megumin whispered into my ear, before pushing me off and getting down from the bed.
… Wait, what?
I mean, I have no right to complain about this, but after french kissing Megumin, my body is all hopped up and ready to go.
At this point, I really couldn’t care less about Aqua.
I really want to continue.
Actually, I think I’m about to cry.
Megumin pressed her hands against my back, and let out a cheeky giggle.
“When you said sorry just now, I was really panicking inside until you explained yourself. So, I’m going to be a little mean tonight too. As payback.”
The so-called payback is to leave me hanging after I’ve gotten this worked up?
I don’t think this is on the level of mean anymore.
Even if I wanted to, the succubus shop would’ve stopped accepting customers by now.
When did she become such a temptress?
“Um… I’ll apologize, so isn’t there some way we can carry on…?”
“Y-You really are…! Can’t you appear cool until the very end? … Anyway… ”
Megumin moved, not towards the door, but towards my closet for some reason.
“So there you have it. Darkness, stop fooling around in there and go back to your room!”
“Waah!”
Megumin opened the closet with a bang, and inside, in addition to my clothes, is Darkness, red faced and kneeling.
“H-H-H-How did you know–”
“How did I know you were there? You worked yourself into a frenzy when Kazuma didn’t come back home yesterday, but tonight you dissappeared into the second floor before Kazuma even emerged from the bath! Crimson Demons have high intelligence! It’s child’s play for me to figure out what someone with nothing but perverted thoughts in their head like you would do!”
“M-My brain isn’t filled with…! I-I-If you are going to say that much, then you yourself are also–!”
Darkness stuttered as she sat inside the closet, and Megumin dragged her out.
“I didn’t get a souvenir, so I came up here to claim my compensation… Knowing you, the excitement you felt after receiving the armour coupled with the sense of loneliness last night made you think welcoming him in his room is a good idea, right? Then, upon hearing my voice, you jumped into this closet in a panic!”
“How do you know my actions so…! I-I just wanted to give my thanks for the armour…!”
Darkness was blushing red all the way to her ears, and looked like she could break into tears at any moment.
“Giving your body in return for a present!? What a perverted girl! I’m content with simply embracing Kazuma, but you wouldn’t be satisfied with just that, would you!? You would’ve offered your body to Kazuma and confidently said ‘Here, this is your reward!’, right? Are you really that full of yourself!?”
“T-T-T-That’s not… That isn’t-! N-No, that’s not what I had in mind at all!”
“I’m sure you were getting excited peeking at me and Kazuma, that’s why you were seated like that! Isn’t that right!? What a perverted girl! Come on, stop wallowing in your fantasies and go back to your room already!”
“Wait, you went on ahead with Kazuma even though you knew I was there! You are just as perverted! Aaah, at least let me make an excuse…!”
Megumin, dragging Darkness behind her, left the room and disappeared down the corridor.
… Now, what do I do with all these pent up urges?
The next morning.
A large number of adventurers were waiting for us at the pick up point for the carriages.
Standing in front of them were Vanir and the Penguin.
“Kazuma, what are you spacing out for? You’re going to get hurt while learning new skills if you don’t pay attention.”
“O-Oh, sorry.”
Right now, we are about to set off on our journey to chase after Aqua and take down the Demon King.
As I left the house, I wistfully looked back and caught something odd at the corner of my eye.
A girl was waving at me from the second floor of the mansion, almost as if she was wishing me a safe trip.
I wonder if that’s the ghost of the noble girl that Aqua said was supposed to be living in the mansion.
When I rubbed my eyes and went back for a better look, she was gone.
Perhaps it’s because of the short time I spent as Regina’s priest, but I’ve been catching glimpses of odd stuff lately.
Still, seeing that girl didn’t bring me any sense of dread.
Anyway, she’s been occupying my thoughts for the past few minutes, which is why…
“Brat… No, dear customer, I have confirmed the payment this morning. This is the biggest single sale the Vanir magic item shop has made since its opening, so to be honest, Moi cannot stop myself from smiling. Leave the house to me. Moi shall properly take care of that evil goddess and the raw chicken meat, so you may come without any worries.”
“Should it be go? … No, wait, what did you say just now? I understand what chicken meat is referring to, but what did you say about the other one?”
Vanir, holding both Chomusuke and Zell in his arms, sent me off.
Just as I asked him this vital question, Zereschrute patted me on the back.
“Young man, you have protected me from the depredations of the wicked goddesses many times over. If you lose your life on this journey, you’re welcome to visit my domain in hell. I shall extend my greatest hospitality to you.”
“I really wish you wouldn’t say such inauspicious words…”
He might have completely become a mascot of Wiz’s store by now, but he is still a devil. I suppose this is just how devils wish each other luck.
“Right, then, Kazuma, are you ready to learn some skills?”
Dust stepped out from the crowd of adventurers and pointed his sword at me.
It’s not like he’s trying to attack me or anything.
Right now, I’m about to learn skills from everyone.
I’ve become close to most of the adventurers in this town during the past year I’ve spent here, and most of them were present to see me off.
“You’re heading off to fight the Demon King mano a mano, so it’s only right for us to beat you… I mean, properly train you before you go. Think of it as our farewell gift.”
“You were about to say beat me senseless, right? And I’m not planning on charging at the Demon King and fighting him one on one! Truth be told, all I really want to do is bring Aqua back!”
As I strongly objected to Dust’s words, Megumin and Darkness were giggling like children a short distance away.
These two have every intention of charging the Demon King head on.
As for me, my highest priority is to catch up to Aqua. Anything else is an optional side quest.
For a coward like me, even going that far took a lot of guts.
Still, now that I’ve gained such a large number of skill points, I’m like the protagonist of a story that has awakened to his true powers just before the final act.
For the sake of my prosperous and peaceful future, I’m going to smash the Demon King’s army to little pieces.
The surrounding adventurers starting shying away upon seeing my evil grin.
“Say, Kazuma, maybe it’s best if you don’t go on this journey.”
“Yeah. You’ve always been a little weird, but you are acting particularly weird today.”
Those adventurers worriedly offered such words, but that’s only because they don’t know I’ve awakened to my true powers.
“I’m glad for your concern, but right now I’m one of the strongest people in this town. Leave Aqua and the Demon King to me, you guys just make sure to protect this town where my mansion is located.”
I let out a confident laugh, but for some reason, everyone else stiffened.
“Listen to this guy. What do you mean, the strongest people in this town? I heard about what you did! You went to the dungeons under Vanir-san and Wiz-san’s protection to power level yourself, right!?”
“How is that different from spending a ton of money to buy a set of high class equipment!? And you still dare brag about it?”
“Don’t get full of yourself. You’re still crawling to us to teach you skills!”
The adventurers raised their various weapons and aggressively lodged their complaints one after another.
Oh, they were worried about me just a while ago, and now they are getting angry?
“Right now I have skill points aplenty, and my level is above thirty! Having a level above thirty means I’m a veteran! I’m not like all you small fry who do nothing but laze around in Axel! Enough already, just teach me your skills!”
“You really got full of yourself just because you gained a few levels! If you want to learn my skills so much, fine! I’ll beat them into your body!”
“You are a small fry yourself! Just the other day, you were running away from a giant frog! If you want to see my skills so much, I’ll use Intermediate Magic on you!”
“Get him! If he falls here, he’s not a match for the Demon King anyway! Surround him and get him!”
The short-tempered adventurers made rude gestures and launched into a chorus of insults.
… These bastards!
“You guys will make a great warm up before u take on the Demon King! Show me all the skills that I haven’t learnt yet! My name is Satou Kazuma, I’ll take you all on!”
Hearing my challenge, the adventurers broke out into smiles and charged at me–
“Sorry, Kazuma-san, I was held up by something… W-What happened here?”
Wiz, bearing a large number of goods, said in surprise upon seeing the adventurers sprawled out around the pick up point.
“Ah, thanks Wiz. You didn’t need to bring it all the way here for me.”
“I don’t really mind, but, really, what happened here!? I thought you were planning on learning the skills from the other adventurers…”
Putting down the large rucksack filled with the goods I purchased, Wiz hesitantly asked.
“Don’t worry about it. We decided to settle things so that we don’t leave any regrets behind. Well, as you can see, this is the result.”
Wiz took one look around…
“Umm… Kazuma-san, you’re lying down too, so I can’t tell what the result is…”
“I’m just lying down to catch my breath. I was facing all of them with just myself, so it could be considered my victory.”
“Stop spouting nonsense, Kazuma! You were barely standing by the time you got to the third person!”
“Everyone decided to go easy on you because you looked like you were about to cry!”
Sore losers sure love to howl, but judging from the numbers disparity, I think this can be firmly said to be my victory.
The former adventurer Wiz seemed to understand what happened here after hearing our exchange.
“… Oh, I see, it’s the adventurer style farewell! Then, allow me to…”
“If I receive an adventurer’s farewell from you, I’ll die even if you hold back.”
I pushed my aching body up and gratefully accepted the items that Wiz brought.
These are the items that I promised Vanir that I’d buy.
“It’s almost time to leave! All customers who are taking the carriage to Alcanretia, please board immediately.”
Hearing the voice of the driver, we loaded our luggage onto the carriage and got on.
“… Say, I’ve been wondering about this since we left, but what happened to the armour?”
Darkness had a greatsword on her hip but was wearing her bodysuit without any form of armour in sight. In response to my question, she gently slapped the box she was cradling.
“It’s in here.”
… …
“No, we are heading out right now, so put it on.”
“What are you saying? What would you do if it gets scratched or becomes dirty?”
“That’s my line. What are you even saying?”
It seems like Darkness has taken a liking to that armour.
Ignoring Darkness who was protectively hugging that box to her chest, I turned back to the adventurers who gathered to send me off.
“Now then, I’ll be heading off to bring that idiot back!”
“Yeah, go ahead! And take out the Demon King while you’re at it!”
“This is Aqua-nee-chan we are talking about, so she might have gotten lost and wandered into some weird place! She might have even gotten stuck in some hole somewhere, so bring her back even if you have to dig up half the country!”
“We’ll be expecting souvenirs, so don’t forget about them!”
“Leave this town to us. My newborn kid and my beautiful wife live here, after all. I’ll definitely protect it!”
The adventurers sent me words of encouragement after another–
— Which idiot was it that raised such a huge death flag just now?
“Darkness, stop messing around and put on your armour already! There’s the issue of protection, but seeing you cradle your present like that when I didn’t receive anything at all really grates on my nerves!”
“I’ll put it on when we get to an actually dangerous area, so let it rest already! The monsters around here won’t even faze me!”
The two of them argued about stupid things on the carriage.
Am I really about to head into the most dangerous region in this world with such unreliable companions?
Even though I’ve learnt a lot of skills, I suddenly started having second thoughts.
“Hey, Kazuma! That sword of yours, it’s just an ordinary sword without any sort of magic on it, right!? Just in case, you should take this with you!”
Dust, who was carrying a spear for some reason, tossed his sword up on the carriage.
Damn, that line was cool. Was he always this kind of person?
“That’s technically an enchanted weapon. It isn’t a legendary tier weapon that can only be equipped by a specific class, so even you should be able to make use of it. Just make sure you bring it back to me after you defeat the Demon King!”
With a wide smile, Dust said something really manly.
There are monsters in this world that can’t be harmed without a magic weapon, so I’m really thankful for this sword.
Still, I wonder what brought this about?
I might have to change my evaluation of that man…
“Oh, I see. In the one in a million chance that Kazuma actually defeats the Demon King, that sword would become known as the sword wielded by the hero, and be worth a whole lot more. Kazuma, I’m pretty sure Dust picked up that sword from the body of a fallen adventurer he ran across in a dungeon, so there’s no need to give it back~”
“Dammit, Lynn, how could you ruin my get rich quick plan!?”
Yeah, I knew it.
… Still, I’m relieved.
This is a town filled with nothing but troublesome residents, but I still quite like this place.
Once I bring back Aqua who has pretty much turned into this town’s mascot by now, I’ll be able to lead a happy and fun filled life even in this good for nothing world.
I watched Dust chase after Lynn with a wry smile.
“Let’s go!”
Under the clear blue sky, our carriage set off towards our first and last proper adventure–!
“I didn’t see Chris amongst those adventurers. I really wanted to say goodbye before we head off to the Demon King’s Castle. She said she’d be busy for a while after hearing that the Demon King’s army is planning to attack the capital, and I haven’t seen her after that…”
“Oh, yeah, she wasn’t there, was she? Well, I can kind of guess why she’s so busy.”
The forces of humanity and the Demon King’s army are about to have a decisive clash, so there’s no doubt that it would create a lot of work for her.
“I really want to ask why you know such things, but… more importantly, look at this, you two. How do I look?”
“Like a subordinate of the Demon King.” x2
Darkness proudly showed off her armour on the swaying carriage, and we flatly responded.
Hearing Megumin and me say the same thing, Darkness’s expression fell a little.
“It makes you look like a dark knight of some sort. Like the kind the Demon King might employ as a bodyguard.”
“You don’t use a shield and fight with a two handed sword, so with that black armour, you give off a very aggressive impression.”
“Urk…”
Darkness sullenly ran a finger down the lines of her armour.
The jet black armour has molded itself to hug closely to the lines of her body.
The black metal glows strangely in the sunlight.
How do I put this, rather than cool, it seems like beautiful is a more fitting word to describe it.
Though, it’s beautiful in sort of the same way that a cursed sword is beautiful…
“By the way, did you hear about the commotion that happened in town while you were away in the dungeon?”
Then, Megumin said something that caught my interest.
“The woman that Kazuma caught… The Demon King’s general, Serena, escaped.”
“Seriously?”
I spat out in shock after hearing Darkness’s words.
Just what are the cops in town doing?
“It seems like Serena managed to puppet one of the watchmen for a short time and had him help her escape. That watchman was saying something about Serena being an exhibitionist afterwards.”
“From what I’ve heard, Serena showed the people she puppeted something too.”
That something she is talking about is definitely panties.
I guess I gave Serena some unnecessary insights into her ability back then.
“In order to focus on the defence of the town, no search party was sent out after her. The guild put a bounty on her and sent a notice out to the other cities, but that’s the extent of it. Serena is probably heading back to the Demon King’s castle too. Since we are taking the same route, we might run into her along the way.”
“In that case, I’ll have to teach her a lesson if we run into her. I don’t really feel satisfied with how we settled things back then.”
Well, if we catch her, we’d probably get a pretty substantial reward.
I suppose if we run into her along the way, we can try to apprehend her.
She’s been reduced to level one and severely weakened, so we’ll probably be able to manage that even without Aqua here.
I turned back to look at the carriages trailing behind us and muttered…
“There really aren’t that many travellers today, huh?”
Perhaps because of the uncertainty brought on by the rumours that the Demon King’s army is planning to attack this town, but there are scant few travellers on the road right now.
Some of the residents have moved away to other cities, but by now even the stream of refugees have dried up.
Apart from our carriage, all the others were transporting trade goods, and in total there were five of them.
Other than a handful of adventurers who were serving as escorts and the merchants and drivers, there was no one else present.
If there are too few carriages, even weak monsters might get bold enough to approach.
For us who are trying to catch up to Aqua who had a considerable head start, this isn’t good news…
“Oh yeah, Kazuma, how many skills did you pick up? Darkness and I just reached out to any adventurers in town who seemed strong or had useful skills, so I don’t know exactly what skills are available.”
Darkness soon took off her armour and started polishing it, and Megumin, struck by a strange competitive spirit, was cleaning her staff as well when she asked me that question.
“In terms of magical skills, I picked up Teleport and Intermediate Magic.”
At this, Megumin let go of her staff which fell to the ground with a thud.
“I-I-I see, Intermediate Magic. W-Well, you didn’t take Advanced Magic, so I guess that’s okay…”
Megumin, trying her best to regain her calm facade, bent down to pick up her staff…
“Advanced Magic requires complicated gestures and long chants to cast. Learning the skill seems like it’d require me to memorize all of it, and I don’t have the time for it right now. Wiz offered to teach me Advanced Magic when I get back, so–”
Megumin came up to me with her staff in hand.
“You aren’t satisfied with just learning Intermediate Magic, but you want to learn Advanced Magic too!? Even with an Archwizard like me in the party!? Give me your card for a bit! …Ah, you have just enough points to learn Explosion Magic! I’m dumping it all–!”
“H-Hey, cut it out! I’m saving those for Advanced Magic and other useful skills! If you feel inadequate, then go learn some other skills! Don’t mess around with other’s adventurer’s card!”
“You messed with my card too, so how dare you say that now! … Ah! You learnt Golem Creation and Recovery Magic too! Are you trying to become a mage or something!? Your magic power is less than a tenth of my own!”
“You learnt Recovery Magic too? Won’t Aqua cry if she finds out?”
— This is the same route that we took to Alcanretia back during our first trip there, but for some reason, we made much faster progress.
Back then, Darkness, because of her hardness, attracted the attention of the Running Hawkites who were in the middle of their mating ritual, and Aqua managed to attract a bunch of zombies in the middle of the night. It was a real ordeal.
At our current rate of progress, we should be able to reach Alcanretia before noon tomorrow.
“Our escorts will be keeping watch during the night… We normally end up attracting undead whenever we camp out overnight, but things should go well this time.”
Megumin seemed to have been reminded of our past journeys too, as she said in a tone that’s both wistful and somewhat lonely.
“… Yeah. Even though our numbers are small enough that it wouldn’t be surprising for some enterprising monster to come knocking, we seem to have a much easier time of it… It’s a far cry from our past trouble-filled adventures.”
Darkness sounded a little bored when she said that.
Now that the sun has gone down, we set up a slight distance away from the merchants and got a small campfire going.
If you don’t start a fire, there’s a chance that some monsters might attack us.
Of course, if we were traveling with a certain someone, even if we set a fire, we’d still be surrounded by a horde of undead.
Just as Darkness said, this journey is going well.
If anything, it’s been going too well.
To think that our journeys would go this smoothly just because a certain person with especially bad luck isn’t with us.
It’s good that we aren’t getting into trouble, but I can’t help but find this journey a little boring.
I haven’t gotten used to attracting trouble, have I?
“Now, it’s about time you told us about it, don’t you think?”
Megumin suddenly said after dragging her luggage over.
Next to her, Darkness was lying down, gazing up at the starry sky while hugging the box containing her armour close to her chest.
“Oh, yeah, I was in the middle of going through the skills I picked up.”
I spread a blanket on the floor while chucking a few twigs into the campfire.
“No, that’s not what I’m talking about. We’ll have plenty of chances to see your skills on the rest of the journey, so we can leave that till later. What I’m talking about is what Vanir mentioned, about you having come here from another world.”
… Ah, that.
Darkness also turned to face me.
Their expressions were unusually serious.
“No, it’s not that serious of a matter… Well, it’s pretty much what it is. I wasn’t born in this world. I came here from another world far away from here. Then, I died. After that, I went to the afterlife and the goddess gave me three options. Either be reborn in my original world as a baby, head on to heaven… or to go to another world.”
After hearing this fanciful tale, neither of them laughed, nor did they react in shock.
“I see. Was the goddess you met Aqua?”
“Yep. She was really arrogant when we first met. I wanted to knock her down a peg, so I brought here with me on a whim… ”
Wait.
“Megumin, I thought you didn’t believe that Aqua was an actual goddess? Even when she would declare herself as one, you would always throw a few half-hearted platitudes her way…”
At my question, the two of them looked at each other and shared a giggle.
“I didn’t believe her at first, but there were just several things that stuck out. Normally, each person can only be brought back to life once, and getting revived is a high level miracle. But you’ve been brought back several times now. Plus there’s no priest in the world who can purify water with just a touch, survive without issue at the bottom of a lake, and fight a lich and a great devil on their own.”
… True.
So these two have been aware of it for a long time, huh?
Actually, them not changing how they treat Aqua at all even after knowing she’s a goddess is pretty amazing in itself.
Unlike me who grew up in Japan watching gods get turned into waifuable characters in manga and anime, the people of this world are much more devout.
It’s possible that most of the people in Axel are well aware of her true nature as a goddess by now.
“It doesn’t matter what kind of existence she is, Aqua is our precious party member. She cries easily, recovers just as easily, constantly messes up, gets into trouble, and causes problems for Kazuma… but she’s also quick to laughter and brightens up any place just by being there… Yes, no matter what she actually is, Aqua is Aqua, our precious companion.”
Darkness, still lying on her blanket, said that.
Megumin let out a satisfied smile before straightening up and looking right into my eyes.
“Kazuma, why does Aqua want to defeat the Demon King so badly? What would happen to Aqua after the Demon King is defeated?”
— She’d return to heaven.
Those words came to my mouth, but I couldn’t spit them out.
After a long silence, Megumin broke it.
“Kazuma, you aren’t going to say you’ll go back to your world after defeating the Demon King, right? You told me you had no intention of going back to your old country, right? After this journey is over, we’ll all go back to town together, right?”
Under the starry sky, Megumin’s glowing red eyes shone brightly in the dark.
Those eyes revealed the depths of her unease.
Darkness remained silent, resolutely gazing up into the sky.
“… There’s no way I would go home. This world might be weird in a lot of ways, but at the end of the day, I have friends, acquaintances, a house, and enough riches not to be troubled by money in this world… Plus, there’s also, well, umm…”
I glanced at the two of them.
And they immediately broke out into giggles.
“What is it? What are you trying to say?”
“Go ahead and say it, Kazuma. There’s no need to be shy. What exactly do you have in this world?”
Not only Megumin, but Darkness too got up from her blanket and pressed me.
— Dammit, I got swept up in the atmosphere and said some unnecessary things!
The next morning.
I probably shouldn’t have thought that this journey was going so smoothly that it was boring yesterday.
“A-Adventurers! Monsters have appeared! It’s your time to shine!”
With the cry from one of the drivers, the escorting adventurers leapt out from the carriages.
What impeded us was a horde of man-eating ogres just like the ones I ran into back in the dungeon.
They were almost three meters tall and gave off the same impression that running into a gang of pissed off yakuza would.
“What is a horde of Ogres doing in a place like this!?”
One of the escorting adventurers shouted.
I don’t know exactly how strong an ogre is because Vanir and Wiz took care of them while I was in the dungeon, but judging from everyone’s reactions, this might actually be a pretty dangerous situation.
In total, there were five ogres.
Additionally, all of them were bearing a weapon of some sort, and the only one that was bare-handed was a head larger than the others.
Seeing that, I followed the other adventurers and got out of the carriage.
“Megumin, Darkness, we’re lending them a hand too! What kind of aspiring Demon King slayers we are supposed to be if we cower before a few ogres!?”
“Fine by me! I’ll turn them into dust on the wind in an instant!”
“Ah, w-wait a minute! Leaving the bare-handed ogre aside, I should really put on my armour if I’m going to be facing armed ogres…!”
This is why I asked you to wear your armour!
Darkness hastily broke her armour out of the box and started putting it on, while Megumin and I went down to face the ogres.
We might be adventurers, but right now we are traveling as customers.
This is a little unfair to Megumin who’s raring to go, but I want to preserve her Explosion for now.
So providing backup should be enough.
“Dammit, I really do smell the stench of ogre blood!”
“Which of one you bastards killed our friends!? Show yourself if you have the balls!”
“It’s the weak-looking thin man in the back! The smell of ogre blood is strong on him!”
The ogres howled.
It’s a little difficult to make sense of it, but I think I understand their meaning.
The weak-looking thin man who killed their friends is me, isn’t it?
It doesn’t seem like our escorts were prepared to face down ogres. They had their weapons drawn, but their faces are pale, and they didn’t take a single step forward.
“We’ll take care of the four small ones, so I’ll leave the big bare-handed one to you, Leader!”
“M-Me alone!? Y-Yes, I understand! Don’t die out there!”
The one who seemed to be the leader of the adventurers yelled before drawing his sword and charging at the largest ogre.
He didn’t even get close. The ogre sent him flying with a single backhand before he could even get a hit in.
That same ogre took one look at the man sprawled on the ground and snorted.
“Megumin, Megumin, that man got taken out really quickly!”
“Don’t avert your eyes! In the natural world, the party that averts their gaze first loses!”
I followed Megumin’s example and stared right at the ogres.
“Hey, thin man, what are you staring at!?”
I immediately looked away.
“Why did you give up so quickly!? Now they think we are all a bunch of weaklings! See, they are getting closer!”
“I-I can’t help it! Their faces are really scary!”
There’s no point in seeking help, the other adventurers are busy trying to protect the carriages and their occupants.
But I’ve awoken to my power as a chosen hero.
Now’s not the time to panic just yet!
“Look closely, Megumin! This is my true power! Eat this! Fireball!”
I raised my hand and unleashed one of my newly learnt spells on the ogre charging towards me.
“… Ouch, that’s hot. You have some guts, weak man…”
However, the ogre easily crushed the ball of fire in the palm of his hand and blew on the slightly charred skin that the fireball left.
Seems like my fireball is only strong enough to make people go ouch.
“Hey, my magic isn’t working! What’s going on!? Are ogres supposed to be this strong!?”
“You simply lack magic power! Your class doesn’t provide any sort of boost to your spells, and your magic power is pretty low to start with, so even against an ogre with low magic resistance, that’s the best you can do!”
As Megumin said that, she started the chant for her Explosion spell.
“Now it’s my turn! Come fight me fist to fist if you have the balls!”
“I’m the brainy type, so I’ll have to refuse!”
After that exchange, I moved in front of Megumin and placed my palm on the ground.
I’ll give up on using offensive magic.
In the first place, my forte isn’t in pure combat strength, but coming up with underhanded tricks.
Yes, like, for instance–
“Create Earth Golem!”
I created a golem to serve as a shield.
I can hide behind this guy and fire from behind cover, and if I can buy enough time for Megumin…!
“… Hey, isn’t this a little too small!? This guy barely comes up to my waist! Unlike that fireball, I put a lot of mana into this spell!”
“You just plain don’t have enough mana! It’s fine, I’m done with my chant! I don’t practice my Explosion every day for no reason! Here I go!”
Utterly useless!
I worked my butt off to learn all those skills, but I can’t even make use of even one of them!
I thought I could go from being an ordinary person to one of the strongest people in the world just by learning enough skills, but this is way too far from what I imagined!
I raised my bow and decided to rely on the skills I’m familiar with, which is to say, Snipe.
Megumin said she finished chanting, but just in case!
“Waaaah, I’m done for!”
As I readied my bow, I heard a scream come from the direction of the other adventurers.
Megumin swiveled her staff in that direction, and after a short pause–
“Explosion!!!”
Fired her Explosion at the ogres that were about to attack the drivers.
She detonated it in midair to minimize the damage to the other adventurers as much as possible, but they were still sent flying by the shockwave, and most of them ended up unconscious.
But they were still alive.
Compared to the alternative, getting knocked unconscious is a small price to pay.
Of course, the problem is–
“Dammit! Darkness! Darkness! Are you not done yet!?”
Keeping Megumin who collapsed due to mana exhaustion behind me, I let an arrow loose at the ogre.
Even though I let it loose at close range, the ogre slapped it away with its bare hands before it could reach its eyes.
“It’s basic strategy to go for the eyes when facing something stronger than you!”
“This is why intelligent monsters are–! Go forth, Golem! Your name is–”
I sent the golem I was using as a shield forward, but it was crushed underfoot before I could even name it.
“Die!”
“They really are utterly useless!”
Right now, the ogre has its attention focused squarely on me.
In order to avoid having it crush the defenceless Megumin underfoot, I ran towards it, aiming to slide between its legs.
The ogre responded, of course, and just before its fist made contact with my face–
“Auto-Evasion activated.”
“What!?”
My body gracefully moved around the blow that I would normally have no chance of ever avoiding.
Auto-Evasion.
That’s the skill I learnt from a monk, a class that fights with their bare hands.
It has a chance of activating based on luck when faced with an enemy attack, making it the perfect skill for me.
The ogre, whose attacks hit empty air, turned around with a surprised look.
I drew the magic sword that Dust gave to me. The edges of the blade glowed with a strange light of its own, making it look like it was made out of silver.
Even though I drew my blade, there’s no need to fight this guy head on.
After all, I’m not alone here. All I need to do is buy enough time.
My level is quite high right now. Even if I take a blow or two from that ogre…
“Please run away! Even a veteran warrior was taken out in a single blow! You weren’t particularly sturdy in the first place, so if it hits you, you’ll definitely suffer a grievous wound!”
Megumin gave me that warning upon seeing me take on a combat stance.
Without Aqua here, there won’t be an easy way to recover from severe injuries.
In order to prevent me from dodging its next attack, the ogre came at me with both arms outstretched.
“O-Okay, let’s talk. We can understand each other, so we should be able to come to an agreement.”
“What is there to talk about when you’ve drenched your entire body in the blood of my brothers!?”
The ogre gave me a glare that seemed way too much like that of a yakuza. I think I might’ve wet myself a little.
“K-Kazuma–!”
Megumin screamed.
“Aah, I should’ve gone all the way with Megumin last night instead of acting cool! I don’t want to die a virgin!”
“Y-You really are…! How could you say such things right now!?”
Just as the ogre charged at me–
A solid looking black mass slammed into the ogre from the side, sending it sprawling.
The one who appeared in my moment of crisis is, of course…
“You’re late! This is why I told you to wear your armour!”
“B-But, I was worried it might stink if I wear it all the time…!”
Darkness blushed as she said that.
Raising her greatsword, she turned back to face the ogre that she sent flying with a tackle.
That ogre has strong offensive strikes, but Darkness with her armour would be able to hold him off for quite some time.
If I manage to wake up some of the other adventurers while Darkness holds it off…
“I’ll kill you!”
Not long after I thought that idea up, Darkness spouted such a threatening line and charged at the ogre while making wild swings from her greatsword.
The ogre easily dodged her blows, of course, but Darkness relentlessly continued with her attacks.
“Darkness, you don’t need to press the attack, all you need to do is buy me enough time to wake up the other adventurers–”
Just then, I noticed something off about Darkness.
“K-Kazuma, something is really odd with Darkness! She’s not usually this aggressive!”
It’s not like Darkness to keep on the offensive like this.
Where has her usual masochistic personality gone to?
Even when the ogre counterattacked, she barely paid them any heed, letting her armour absorb the blow while maintaining her relentless pressure…
“Hahahahaha! Fuhahahahaha!”
“Hey, Darkness, why are you laughing like a certain devil!? It’s the armour, isn’t it? That armour is the cause!”
The jet black armour that Darkness was wearing glowed with a strange light.
I don’t know if it is a curse or a blessing, but that’s definitely why she’s acting so oddly.
Well, we can worry about the armour later, right now the important thing is that ogre.
“Not bad, little lady! Your abdominal muscles seem quite hard too! Would you like to become my woman?”
“Right, I’m going to slice you into eight pieces!”
In her current state, Darkness immediately fell for the ogre’s provocations.
At this rate, things might actually go badly for her.
I abandoned my efforts to wake up the other adventurers and rushed to provide back up.
Support fire from a bow is nice, but in this situation, it’d be best to use the spell I just learnt–
“Eat this! Flash!”
“Graaaaah!?”
A bright flash of light emerged from my hand moment I shouted that spell.
It blinded the ogre that was currently in combat with Darkness, and–
“Gyaaa! M-My eyes!!!!”
“W-What are you doing!? How did you blind yourself with your own spell!?”
Me, standing right next to the source of light, was also blinded.
Dammit, I shouldn’t have used skills I wasn’t familiar with!
I should’ve properly tested them instead of waiting to show off how powerful I am after I awakened!
“Graah! You dare- urgk…!”
As I rolled on the ground, covering my eyes and waiting for the pain to subside, I heard the ogre’s anguished cries coming from nearby.
It seems like Darkness finished it off.
“Kazuma, I really can’t tell if you are brilliant or stupid.”
I felt Megumin pull on my hand as she said in an exasperated tone.
As for me–
“This is all because of that idiot who ran away from home! She better watch out when I find her!”
It’s been about an hour since I got on the carriage to Alcanretia.
“Say, Cecily, it’s really boring out here.”
“I feel the same way, Aqua-sama. Let us head back.”
Cecily instantly replied.
“Normally, I would’ve agreed with you instantly, but we can’t do that now. Otherwise, the people of this world will continue suffering under the Demon King.”
I did seriously consider going home for a moment.
“As expected of Aqua-sama. But I understand why you would find this journey tiresome. Why don’t I talk to the driver and call for a little break?”
“… We can’t do that, Cecily. We haven’t traveled very far from Axel. We already set off late, so if we keep taking breaks like this, Kazuma will catch up easily.”
Cecily brought me to the pick up point, but she had to bring quite a substantial amount of luggage from the church, so we couldn’t catch the earliest carriage.
“I’m sorry, Aqua-sama. Good women take a lot of time to get ready.”
“It can’t be helped. There are only good women in the Axis Cult, after all.”
In order to make myself seem like a good woman, maybe I should purposefully be late whenever I’m leaving the house in the future.
“Still, this carriage is moving quite slowly, don’t you think? Back when I traveled to Alcanretia with everyone, we didn’t have the time to admire the scenery like this.”
Cecily, who was looking out the window, let out a smile upon hearing my words.
“That’s because this is the carriage tour meant for sightseeing. Ah, look over there, Aqua-sama! There’s a herd of crabs over there! They are using their tough shells to protect themselves from predation and the heat of the sun! It’s not breeding season yet, so they are probably competing over territory.”
“You are knowledgeable, Cecily… Wait a minute, this is a sightseeing tour? But I want to get to the Demon King’s castle as fast as possible.”
The crabs interest me, but I feel like this isn’t the time to be looking at them.
“Aqua-sama, there is a reason why I choose the sightseeing carriage. High-end sightseeing tours usually shell out for strong bodyguards in order to ensure the safety of their high paying customers. If something were to happen to an Archpriest as skilled as Aqua-sama, it’d be a loss for the entire world. As the saying goes, prevention is better than cure, so let’s take it easy for this journey.”
“I see. Well, having strong bodyguards is a good thing. Let’s take our time, then.”
As expected of Cecily, she’s amazing.
“And the Axis Cult will be paying the bill, so it’s fine to go with an expensive carriage.”
“That’s good. It’s nice to ride inside an expensive carriage, they don’t make my butt hurt.”
Just then.
“Dear customers, we’ll be stopping the carriage for a while. It seems like a band of ogres are hunting the crabs right now, so we’ll stand by here until they move along.”
Looking over at the driver’s words, I noticed several ogres chasing after the horde of migratory crabs.
“Say, Cecily, aren’t ogres supposed to be man-eating monsters?”
“I suppose ogres too occasionally find themselves in the mood to have some crab meat.”
… …
“I kind of feel like dining on crab too now.”
“What a coincidence, Aqua-sama, I feel like I’m in the mood for some crab too. After all, a whole herd of crabs is right in front of us.”
We gave the driver a meaningful glance, and rolled his shoulders with a wry smile.
“With that many crabs out there, I’m sure the ogres won’t get angry if you take one or two with you. We have some fairly skilled adventurers in the other carriage, so, what do you say to getting a little closer and grabbing a crab or two?”
Hearing the driver’s idea, I thought of an even more inspired course of action.
“There’s no need for us to get close. I’ll get the crabs to crawl over with their own legs.”
“Aqua-sama, might you care to enlighten your humble servant Cecily on what exactly you intend to do?”
As I prepared my spell, I responded to Cecily.
“I plan on luring the crabs over here.”
“Aqua-sama, that doesn’t tell me anything about what you’re about to do. It’s just my priest’s intuition, but I have a bad feeling–”
I completed my spell and let it loose before Cecily could finish her sentence.
“Using this spell brings back memories! We’ll have a great harvest today! False Fire!”
“Not a great harvest!”
Cecily screamed.
And the horde of crabs, and the ogres that were hunting them, came charging towards the ball of blue fire I shot above my head.
“Waaaaaaah! This development brings back memories too, but Kazuma-saaaaan!”
“I can’t help but like this part of you, Aqua-saaamaaaaa!”
“Stop causing problems and strip! Do you want me to forcibly strip you!? Stop resisting!”
“Wait, stop! This is… This is…! What happened to you, Kazuma!? Lusting after my body like a rutting beast in broad daylight…!”
This idiot!
“I’m telling you to remove that accursed armour! Why do you keep charging straight for every enemy you see!? You’ve been cursed, haven’t you!? That armour of yours is definitely cursed!”
“There is no such curse! The moment a cursed item is put on, it will stick to its bearer until death! I can remove this armour, so that feeling of excitement whenever I engage in battle isn’t a curse, but a blessing!”
“So you do know you change your attitude when you enter battle! Then that makes this simple! I don’t care if it is a curse or a blessing, just take it off! Hey, come on, stop fighting me already! I’ll buy the best armour in this city for you in exchange!”
After that fight with the ogres, we ran into several other groups of monsters, and each time we ended up getting dragged into battle alongside our escorting adventurers.
We did manage to reach Alcanretia safely, but…
“No way! How petty can you be to demand something back after offering it as a gift?! This is the first set of armour I received from you, and it’s also a highly enchanted, Crusader exclusive piece of gear! This will become an heirloom of the Dustiness family! Until we defeat the Demon King, the only times I won’t be wearing this is when I’m bathing or sleeping!”
“Why are you being so stubborn!? You keep charging right into the enemy right off the bat, so we have no chance to use any offensive spells! Do you have any idea how much trouble you caused us on the journey here!? Even the adventurers escorting us were driven to the verge of tears!”
Darkness and I were currently having a loud argument in the streets of Alcanretia.
The armour I gave to Darkness seems to have an additional enchantment.
It could vanquish feelings of doubt, banish fear, and increase the courage of its wielder.
For a normal Crusader, that effect would undoubtedly be a boon.
But for our Darkness, it’s merely an endless source of headaches.
Whenever combat starts, she would charge directly into the enemy mob, completely ignoring any other instructions.
I had completely forgotten that Wiz was the one who picked this armour out.
I knew that Wiz had a really bad eye when it came to appraising the usefulness of magic items, but it completely slipped my mind until now.
Just then, Megumin, who had been looking on from the sidelines, said.
“Just give up on it, Kazuma. That armour has a weird side effect, but it’s undoubtedly very finely crafted. It might even be powerful enough to rival the strength of a divine relic. She might even be able to withstand a hit from my Explosion with that.”
“What are you saying now!? Do you really want to let one off so badly!? Do you want to blow Darkness away together with the monsters too!?”
Darkness fell into deep thought after hearing Megumin’s dangerous sounding words.
“I don’t think I would mind that. I lost consciousness the last time I took Megumin’s Explosion, but I won’t lose this time.”
“Yes, why don’t we use this journey to determine once and for all just which is stronger, my offensive power or your defensive strength.”
“If you are going to do that sort of thing, wait till we bring Aqua back to Axel first! No, really, stop messing around! If you don’t remove that armour right now, I’m really going to start prying it from you!”
I raised my hand towards Darkness and assumed the stance for unleashing Steal…
“Go right ahead.”
“Eh?”
Darkness boldly crossed her arms.
“Go ahead and do it. I don’t care.”
This idiot actually said such a thing in public.
“W-What are you saying? It’s Steal, you know? You are fine with doing that in public? You don’t usually enjoy public humiliation… ”
“As I am right now, I won’t be laid low by an ounce of humiliation! And, I’m the only one who hasn’t been a victim of your Steal before. I might have given in to you in the past, but with this armour pumping me full of courage, I won’t back down! Now, bring it! If you can really bring yourself to do such an act in public, then go right ahead!”
“Y-You pervert! When did you become so aggressive!? Do you understand what you are saying!? That armour is really problematic! I get it, I can’t go through with that! I admit defeat, so stop approaching me!”
This pervert who is being drawn down to ever lower depths because of that armour drew closer to me.
“… That’s strange. We’ve caused such a commotion, but no one has come out to investigate. Almost all of the residents of this city should be of the Axis Cult, and most Axis cultists are innately curious, easily drawn to commotions, and enjoy fanning the flames of chaos. With you threatening to strip Darkness’s clothes off in the middle of the street, they should be all over you like moths to a flame.”
“Now that you mention it, yeah, that is odd. They were all about soliciting new recruits the last time we were here, but now…”
Now that I’m actually paying attention, there are almost no passersby on the streets.
If anything, it’s almost deserted.
“This is a pretty big city, so why are there so few people around? Did something happen?”
Darkness came to the same conclusion after looking around.
Then, Megumin raised a suggestion.
“Let’s go ask around about what happened. We’ll have to arrange a carriage for the road ahead anyways.”
“Welcome! What will you have? Today’s lunch special comes with a dessert, and I highly recommend that. By the way, Axis Cultists enjoy a 30% discount in this store. Please take this with you!”
The smiling waitress gave us an additional piece of paper in addition to the menu.
Of course, that is an Axis Cult enlistment form.
… Yeah, I almost forgot what kind of city this place is.
After entering a local cafe to gather information and grab lunch at the same time, we immediately received the local greeting.
“… Er, well, I’ll take the lunch special.”
“Roger that! What about you…?
“I’ll take a neroid and a sandwich.”
“Roger that!”
The waitress took down mine and Megumin’s orders with a smile.
Darkness was busy looking through the menu.
“I’ll have, hmm…”
“You can go eat dirt.”
The waitress spat at Darkness without her smile faltering for an instant, and left towards the kitchen.
“… … ”
Darkness, completely frozen with the menu in hand, seemed to be blushing and trembling a little.
“Please keep your Eris pendant hidden while you’re in this city.”
“… I-I refuse…”
This girl brought out her Eris church pendant and displayed it proudly on her chest the moment she entered the city.
It seems like she has gotten addicted to the ill treatment she suffered the last time she was here.
“… Still, even though it’s lunchtime, this place is almost empty. With all the crazy folks here, I thought it would be far more lively …”
A Crimson Demon like Megumin is saying such things about the Axis Cult.
But it’s true that we haven’t been hassled nearly as much as the last time.
Back then, we couldn’t walk three feet down the street without falling victim to some overbearing recruitment scheme–
“Under the orders of Zesta-sama, most of the Axis Cultists have left to clear out the monsters on the path between this city and the Demon King’s castle.”
A lady wearing a blue robe, with a mace in one hand and a silver shield in the other, enthusiastically explained to us in front of the Axis Cult cathedral.
We came here after having lunch to ask for more information.
Darkness ended up getting all kinds of attention back at the store, so we couldn’t gather any useful information there.
“So the Axis Cult will actually do philanthropic works?”
“Please don’t think of us as a group that does nothing other than seek enjoyment and cause trouble for others. The bad rumours about us are all spread by those heartless Eris Cultists.”
The lady confided in us in a hurt tone.
“… By the way, what are you doing here?”
“Now that most of the Axis Cult is away, it is the perfect chance for those few Eris cultists in this city to come here to make trouble. It might be because we pushed things a little too far on a daily basis.”
“So you do understand that your daily behaviors are outrageous! No, wait, will you really be fine alone?”
I asked out of concern.
Actually, I get the distinct feeling that I’ve met her somewhere before.
If I’m not mistaken, she is the same person who welcomed me when I came to this church the last time we were in this city.
The lady gave me a smile.
“Don’t worry, if any apostates show up, I’ll take care of them with this big, thick, hard mace.”
“D-Don’t do that! That’ll just increase the bad rumours surrounding the Axis Cult! … By the way, did an Archpriest named Aqua come to this city? I originally wanted to ask around about her, but thanks to a certain someone, we couldn’t get any proper information.”
The lady’s face lit up the moment she heard Aqua’s name.
“Ah, yes, Aqua-sama did come here! She even timidly asked ‘I turned your hot springs into water the last time I was here, are you still angry about that?’. Ah, Aqua-sama is too cute! Actually, the reason why everyone is out at the moment is because of Aqua-sama’s request. Aaah, I wanted to go hunt some monsters too…! If only I didn’t lose that round of rock paper scissors…”
Saying that, the lady languidly kicked aside a nearby pebble.
The pebble struck Darkness’s shins, but if the lady is aware of that, she made no sign of it.
“They are hunting monsters on Aqua-sama’s orders? What does that mean? Please tell me more about that.”
“Aqua-sama said ‘Devout Axis cultists who follow my teachings, I wish for you, strong and gallant as you are, to clear out the monsters infesting the path between the Demon King’s castle and this city so that travellers may freely pass through. As a reward for your efforts, after the Demon King has been defeated, a certain travelling Axis priest might visit this temple and reveal herself to be Aqua-sama. She might even give praise and thanks to every single participant.'”
The lady said in an admiring tone, paying no heed to Darkness who has started tearing up because of repeated hits to her shins.
Something feels off here.
Something is odd about how she regards to Aqua’s words.
Yes, it’s almost as if–
“… The Axis Cult figured out Aqua’s true identity a long time ago…”
I thought out loud.
Now that I think about it, the priest back in Axel, Cecily, was also treating Aqua really oddly the last time I saw her.
Yeah, that seems more and more likely the more I thought about it.
“Isn’t that obvious? Our sharp and observant eyes would never miss something so blatant.”
Is she serious?
“Didn’t you guys call her a fraud and throw stones at her the last time she was in town?”
“That must be the work of Eris cultists posing as us. I don’t have the slightest recollection of that incident at all.”
Hey, don’t tell such an obvious lie.
No, that’s not important right now. More importantly, why did Aqua send them out to clear the road?
… Was she hoping for us to follow her?
She really is like a runaway child purposefully leaving clues so she could be found.
Instead of doing something so bothersome, she could’ve just waited in this town.
She really causes nothing but trouble for me wherever she goes… !
“Um, was Aqua alone? Did you see a handsome warrior with a magic sword or a Crimson Demon with very little presence with her?”
“Ah, there was someone like that. When I was seeing Aqua-sama off to the entrance of the city, I saw a handsome man with a very expensive-looking sword arrive onboard a very expensive-looking carriage. It’s almost like he appeared in front of me precisely because I lost a lot of money in an investment. I used my amazing gaze of seduction, but he wasn’t moved at all.”
I feel like this person gets more and more pathetic seeming the longer she talks.
Still, it seems like she managed to meet up with Mitsurugi and his party.
That’s a relief, at least.
“So Aqua met up with them… By the way, is there any place here to rent a carriage? It doesn’t matter if it’s a little expensive. The faster, the better.”
“The horses owned by our church are probably the fastest horses in this city… But couldn’t you dogs of Eris just run out on all fours? That’d be most fitting for the followers of that evil… Ah!? You apostate, what are you doing!”
Darkness seemed to have reached her limit and charged at her.
While holding her back, I threw a bag of gold to the lady of the Axis Cult.
“Sorry, but could you lend them to us? If you need payment…”
“May the blessings of Aqua-sama go with you!”
We rested at the Axis Cult’s cathedral for a night in order to allow Megumin to recover her mana.
The next day, we took out the carriage and resumed the chase.
Perhaps it’s because of the monster extermination campaign that the Axis Cult is currently engaged in, but even though we are travelling on a barely used back road, we haven’t run into any trouble so far.
Well, it’s going smoothly, but…
“Hey, Darkness, I know we are in a rush and all, but aren’t we going a little too fast? I think it’s fine to slow down a little. The Axis Cult might have done their work, but it’s not like this path is completely free of monsters, you know? What are you going to do if a monster suddenly jumps out?”
Darkness said nothing in response.
When heading out of town in a small group, it’s best to take as small of a carriage as you can get away with.
That’s why we are currently riding a two seater.
Darkness sat in the driver’s seat, while Megumin and I sat in the compartment behind her.
“Um, Darkness…? I think we are going a little too fast too. I know you are worried about Aqua, but if you press them too hard, you’ll ride the horses into the ground.”
Megumin too tried to convince Darkness to slow down the carriage.
“… …”
But Darkness neither responded nor slowed down.
I’m starting to get a bad feeling about this, so I asked again.
“Hey, did you hear me? We are going too fast. Slow down a little…”
Just then, Darkness looked back with teary eyes…
“… The horses aren’t listening to me…”
“… … ”
The two of us regarded her in silence.
“I’ve heard that in Alcanretia, even the horses have been brainwashed by the Axis Cult. So they won’t listen to anyone outside the Axis Cult…”
“Stoooooop!”
“Ah, Kazuma, look, there’s an Axis Cult enlistment form in the corner of the carriage! We’ve been had! That Axis Cultist tricked us!”
On the out of control carriage, I once again reaffirmed just how crazy Axis Cultists can be.
“Aaah, dammit! Instead of fighting the Demon King, we should wipe out the Axis Cult first!”
“K-Kazuma, for the sake of all of us, please sign this piece of paper…!”
“C-Come on, listen to me! Hyah! Hyah! If you listen to me, I’ll give you some fresh hay later! Soft, lively, freshly cut hay!”
Darkness desperately tried to calm the horses down, while I clutched my head and screamed.
Megumin, with the form in hand, lost her balance in the rapidly buckling carriage.
Just then.
“Aah, there’s someone ahead! Kazuma, what should we do!? At this rate we’ll run straight over them!”
Darkness yelled in a panic.
I desperately tried to maintain my balance and looked ahead.
It wasn’t just one or two people, but a whole crowd standing on the road.
At this rate…!
“Just head towards them.”
… …
“Don’t worry about it, Darkness, just keep going.”
“M-Megumin!?”
Darkness gave Megumin a look of horror.
Just then, I realized just who exactly were in front of us.
“It’s fine. Actually, it’s best to charge straight into them! After all, those people are…!”
It seems like the group in front of us noticed the approaching carriage.
As they hurried to get out of the way, one of them stood in the middle of the road.
After seeing Megumin in the carriage, that man shouted something towards us.
The grey haired man, who was wearing a breastplate over a set of priestly robes, waved towards us.
“Oh, hey, Megumin-san! It has been some time! Do you remember me!? I’m the patriarch of the Axis Cu–!”
And just like that, the patriarch of the Axis Cult was sent flying by the carriage.
“Heal! Heal! … How do you feel? Is it better now?”
Even though the Axis Cult is the reason why the carriage went out of control in the first place, we did still run over a person, so I somewhat guiltily tried to heal his wounds with the spell that I just picked up.
“Yes, it feels much better now. Though you needn’t have done that, I could’ve healed myself. Still, receiving a heal casted by a young one sure is refreshing. Not only is my body healed, but my soul is as well!”
“As expected of the ‘anything goes’ Zesta-sama! You really are hardcore!”
“‘As long as there is a hole, even an orc is fine’ is Zesta-sama’s moniker, after all! So cool!”
This man has been spouting nothing but nonsense while I was treating him.
This guy is the patriarch of the Axis Cult, right?
“It has been some time, Megumin-san. Still, I didn’t expect such a violent greeting from you. It would seem like the only choices you have now is to either join the Axis Cult or go steady with me as an apology.”
“Just so you know, the horses that ran into you were the ones we borrowed from the Axis Cult. Please don’t do weird things to the horses too.”
Megumin let out a deep sigh as she responded to the absurd words that the old man was saying.
The old man turned towards me-
“I’ve heard many things about you, Kazuma-dono! You may call me Zesta, papa, darling, father, or whatever else you would like.”
“Hey, Megumin, why are all the people you know all shot in the head?”
“It’s not like I know him because I want to! Actually, Kazuma, you should be careful of him. Don’t let him lead you astray.”
After hearing Megumin’s warning, I once again took a closer look at my surroundings.
All the people present, men, women, elderly and children alike all had varying pieces of equipment on them. At first glance it’s hard to tell just exactly what kind of group they are.
However there is one thing in common amongst them. That is…
“You’re quite handsome, aren’t you!? Say, can I call you Onii-chan?”
“You can’t do that! Sure, he’s handsome and all, but you can’t call someone who’s not a member of the Axis Cult onii-chan… I understand you want to fawn over him, but you need to act like a proper member of the Axis Cult. Ah, what a shame…”
“I get it… Say, Onii-chan, do you hate the Axis cult?”
I don’t hate it.
I somehow managed to prevent those words from leaking out of my mouth as I faced down the young girl looking uneasily up at me.
Perhaps finding my silence disconcerting, the mother and daughter moved to call in someone else.
The person who replaced them was a cute girl dressed in a lacy gothic lolita outfit, who looked up at me…
“Umm… can I call you Onii-sama?”
“Of course not! You’re a guy! You Axis Cultists are really down for anything!?”
“Not at all! I’m just fine with both sides, just like Zesta-sama!”
“Enough, just stop talking! We have our hands full with just our masochistic Crusader!”
“Eeh!?”
I shoved the gothic lolita young man away.
Talking with these guys is really exhausting.
However, there seems to be someone that seems even more ragged than us here.
That would be–
“You seemed to have gone through a lot… say, have you slimmed down?”
“Oh shut up… Tsk, what are you doing here? There are only fortresses and villages used as supply depots for the front lines up ahead. It’s no place for you to be… Aaah, this is the worst! I got wrapped up in some weird cult, and now I run into the one person I don’t ever want to see!”
Saying that, the priest angrily kicked a rock.
For some reason, the worshipper of a dark god, a Demon King’s general who once killed me and escaped from custody in Axel is surrounded by the group of Axis Cultists.
Seems like her priestly clothing attracted their attention while they were out hunting monsters.
Darkness is still sulking in the corner after I treated her as the resident weirdo earlier, and Megumin is warily staring down Serena, a vein popping in her temple.
In the middle of all that, the Axis Cultists who were completely unable to read the mood were sexually harassing Serena.
“Kuh, what are you trying to do with a body as sexy as yours!? Just what city and which sect do you hail from!? Name yourself!”
“Yeah, we’ll be paying your church a visit soon, so tell us!”
“Ah! You can see this woman’s bra from the back! Judging from their size, she shouldn’t be part of the Eris Church…”
“No, wait, a recent paper stated that there is no relation between the sect a person is in and their development. So, for the purpose of statistical research, you must tell me which sect you’re from! Specifically, which city your church is in, and what time would you be present!? We won’t head over to hand over a declaration of war or anything, so don’t worry about that!”
“… Y-You guys better stop messing around…”
Serena seemed like she’s almost reaching her limit.
And regarding her, I said–
“… How should I say this, I didn’t expect to run into you so soon too. But that’s just as well, I have a few things to ask you. I’m still angry over you killing me, but if you answer my questions, I can let you go for now.”
Serena gave me a contemptuous look and spat on the ground.
“Aaah!” x10
The Axis Cultists let out a cry in response, perhaps because that irreverent attitude struck a chord with them.
“What kind of stupidity are you spouting? Why must I answer any of your questions? Or are you trying to owe me another favour? I no longer want to make you my puppet… Hey, what are you guys doing!? Wait-stop! What are you trying to do by digging up my spit!?”
Several of the Axis Cultists are fighting over the spot of dirt where Serena spat earlier.
I can’t keep up with this level of insanity.
After a short struggle, Zesta emerged victorious and tossed the piece of dirt into a jar before carefully put it away in his pocket the same way one might stow away a precious treasure.
To be honest, I don’t want to know what he plans to do with that.
“… Phew. Well, it would seem that my companions have shown you a truly unseemly sight. My apologies, young lady.”
“You are not in a position to say that! Actually, it’s really creepy, so toss that out already! In the first place, what kind of people are you!? You’ve been doing as you please for a while now, but none of you have formed a bond of debt towards me! After sexually harassing me for so long, you should’ve at least felt a little thankful!”
Hearing Serena’s words, Zesta raised his hands in an exaggerated manner.
“Thankful? Of course we are thankful. Thankful to our goddess! Ah, our good fortune today must be the result of our daily devotion…! Ah, I’m not worthy…!”
Saying that, Zesta bowed deeply towards Serena.
“Just what is wrong with this insane group!? Ahh, this is messing with my head! Actually, Kazuma, how are you still here? Didn’t I cast Death on you… Hey, stop trying to peek up my skirt, old man! If you don’t cut it out, I’ll kill you!”
No matter how much Serena protested, the Axis Cult weren’t moved at all.
“You know our priest, Aqua, right? Her only good point is her skill as a priest. She brought me back to life… Anyway, I have several questions for you.”
Serena retrieved her mace that was hanging on her waist.
“Like I said, I have no reasons to answer any of your questions. Or what, do you intend to force the answers out of me? My level may have been lowered, but I’m still strong enough to take care of everyone present… Plus, that skilled priest of yours isn’t here right now. So what do you think? Do you want to go?”
Serena has the blessing of the Goddess of Vengeance.
As long as she has that, I won’t be able to do anything against her.
She seems to know this too, for she had a confident smile on her face.
Serena might have a rotten personality, but she is a Demon King’s general, after all. Even weakened, she’s still overflowing with confidence.
I could hear Darkness clenching her fists behind me, and Megumin’s eyes lit up with a crimson glow.
source @cgtranslations.me
Just then–
“Still, Aqua, you called her? I should’ve killed her first instead of going for you. Ah, I really messed up then-”
— The atmosphere suddenly turned chilly.
The man who had crept behind Serena to take a better look at her brastrings.
The girl who had been tossing stones at Darkness due to her being an Eris worshipper.
The girl who looked like she was about to doze off at any moment.
…. And…
“What did you just say?”
Zesta, who had been lying flat on the ground in order to sneak a peek up Serena’s skirt, asked.
His demeanour had completely changed, and the old man quickly got to his feet without even bothering to wipe the dirt off his robes.
Serena, who had completely failed to notice the sudden change in atmosphere, shouldered her mace and said.
“I’m saying that I should’ve taken care of that retarded girl named Aqua from the start… So, what are you going to do, Kazuma? I’m about to reach my limits soon. Why don’t you try begging for your life? I know you are a troublesome opponent to fight. It’d be a chore to take you down, so if you get down on all fours and beg for your life, I might consider letting you go. Ah, but–”
Serena let out a chilling smile.
“I won’t let these people off. They seem to be your acquaintances, but they push things too far. Now that we are this close to the Demon King’s castle, there won’t be any knights riding to your rescue. So, what will you do?”
“Kazuma-dono, would you mind properly introducing this young lady to me?”
Zesta asked in a calm and mechanical tone, his previous pervy and cheerful personality nowhere to be found.
I gave Serena a look of confirmation, asking if it is fine to reveal her true identity here.
“Go ahead and introduce me. After all, they are not long for this world. Let them know my true identity and curse their fortunes before they die.”
It seems like Serena is almost as bad at reading the mood as Aqua.
I raised my hand in Serena’s direction.
“She is a Dark Priest who worships the dark goddess Regina, the Demon King’s General Serena. She gave Aqua a really hard time in Axel and is one of the main reasons why she ran away from home.”
Then, I shifted my hand over to the completely silent and stony faced Axis Cultists.
“And these are the infamous Axis Cult from Alcanretia, and their patriarch, Zesta.”
— The moment I finished my introduction, Serena, trembling from head to toe and covered in cold sweat, let go of her mace which hit the dirt with a dull thud.
On this narrow path leading to the Demon King’s castle, where normally only the songs of insects and the chirping of birds can be heard….
“String her up! String her up!”
“Noooooooo!!”
A mob of Axis Cultists with bloodshot eyes chanted as they surrounded Serena.
As for Serena herself, she’s been tied up and left dangling from one of the larger trees in the area.
As tears and snot flowed down her face, Serena frantically pleaded.
“I-I-I’m sorry! Please forgive me! I didn’t know! I-I-I didn’t know that girl was a goddess!”
“Huh? That girl? You dare refer to our great as glorious goddess as ‘That girl’?”
“Eeep! I-I-I’m sorry!”
The cultists that surrounded her had a response to every word that came out of her mouth.
After dropping her mace out of fear, it wasn’t long before Serena was captured.
She was soon tied up to the point where she resembled a cocoon, and now the female cultists seemed like they are about to execute her…
“U-Umm, sorry, but I have a few questions I wish to ask of her. Those questions concern Aqua’s safety, so can you please leave her in my care for a few minutes?”
I was a little frightened by their current fanatical behaviour, but I still made my voice heard over the chanting.
As I did so, Serena pleaded towards me.
“K-Kazuma-! He… Help me! I’ll answer anything you want, so help me! We were once both followers of Regina, weren’t we!? I’ve fulfilled all of your selfish requests and even did side jobs to let you live in luxury! I mean, we got into a fight at the end, but we are still close friends who’ve spent a lot of time living under the same roof- Ouch! It hurts, cut it out! Hey, cut it out! What are you doing!?”
Megumin started throwing rocks at her halfway through her speech.
When a rock clipped Serena on the forehead, a bump appeared on Megumin’s forehead too.
She might have been reduced to level one, but it seems like she still has the blessing of the goddess of vengeance.
Despite that, Megumin continued throwing rocks at Serena until Darkness had to physically stop her.
I don’t know exactly what made her so angry, but I tried my best to calm her down as I used my Heal on her wounds.
Just then, Serena shouted like she’s suddenly reminded of something.
“O-Oh right! If you kill me now, Regina-sama’s curse will ensure that you will all go down with me! Regina-sama is the Goddess of Vengeance! Anything you do to me will be returned back to you! This isn’t a bluff! If you understand that, then let me down already! I’ll die if I fall from this high up! If I do, everyone who bound me and strung me up here will die as well!”
Serena said that in a triumphant tone, but the Axis Cultists surrounding her barely batted an eye.
“What of it?” x3
This insane answer not only gave Serena pause, but the three of us too.
One of the cultists smile up at the dumbfounded Serena and said.
“You seem to have some kind of misunderstanding. We are of the Axis faith. When we die, we’ll be sent straight to the side of Aqua-sama. Yes, right to the feet of our beloved Aqua-sama! And then, and then… ! After we die, we’ll be reincarnated in the world that Aqua-sama presides over! Yes, the paradise known as Japan!”
“Eh?”
What did she just say?
Why would she bring up Japan here?
Zesta stepped up, almost as if he intends on speaking for the rest of the cult.
“Japan. That’s the dream-like paradise of a country that Aqua-sama told us about. In that place, even a man like me who swings both ways can live freely… And that’s only the tip of the iceberg! The place is overflowing with many special books that appeal to all kinds of interests! It’s a world where we who are decried as perverts and heretics can lead an unrestrained life!”
Hey, stop.
“Even someone like me who enjoys dressing as a woman can live without worry there! I’ve heard that they call people like me ‘otoko no ko’…!”
Stop. Seriously, don’t say anything more
“That is a world with no hunger and little strife, where one does not need to live in fear of monsters. Furthermore… It is said that books of handsome men getting into intimate relations of all kinds are sold freely there…! And, and… even books concerning little boys… Ah, I’m glad I joined the Axis Cult! I’m so happy to be alive…!”
The young woman blushed heavily as she cupped her cheeks.
… Ah, I see.
These people are all beyond help.
Serena, tears flowing down her face, muttered.
“Y-You damn maniacs…!”
On this, at least, we share the same opinion.
“… Now then.”
Zesta’s casual words causes Serena to tremble in her bonds.
“Would you mind answering Kazuma-dono’s questions?”
Serena, her face almost completely green, hesitantly shifted between me and Zesta.
“Right, why don’t you give me some more specific information regarding the Demon King’s army? How many troops will be left behind to guard the Demon King’s castle? What are its defences like? And, of course, tell me everything you know about the demon king himself.”
“Judging from the date, the Demon King’s daughter would have already led the bulk of the army away on the offensive. In other words, there aren’t any generals defending the castle right now. But there is a reason for that.”
After getting lowered from the tree, Serena plainly explained.
“Some time ago, back when Wiz just became a lich, she forcibly broke through the barrier and penetrated deep into the castle. After that, the most senior Demon King’s general at the time voluntarily retired in order to keep a constant watch over.”
“The most senior Demon King’s general, huh? That sounds like a pretty strong person. How does he fight? Does he have any weaknesses?”
Serena instantly answered.
“He won’t be easy to take down. He’s created a magic circle that allows him to draw mana directly from the demonic realm. Though he is no longer able to stray far from the castle, as long as he’s on the castle grounds, he’s able to draw upon a tremendous amount of mana. Any wounds he suffers can be healed almost instantly, and he can cast a powerful barrier on himself that makes him practically invulnerable. On top of that, he’s a powerful spellcaster. If you attack the castle head on, he’ll just blast you with an endless stream of long range magic, and that’ll be the end of it.”
Sounds like a troublesome opponent.
“How do you defeat someone like that? Is there a way to go around him somehow?”
In response, Serena shrugged her shoulders, or as much as she could considering how tightly she was bound.
“It is impossible to defeat him. You won’t be able to break through his barrier without some serious firepower, and even if you do manage to wound him, there’s no way to keep up with his regeneration. Even if the barrier around the castle isn’t there, it would probably take all the Crimson Demons casting their most powerful spells on him to even seriously inconvenience him. As for going around him, well… you might be able to sneak a small force in somehow, but breaking through the barrier with magic will definitely draw a lot of attention. Either way, you’ll definitely be discovered and get taken out.”
Serena freely volunteered that information without even the slightest hesitation.
Still, breaking through the barrier will be conspicuous, you say?
I wonder if it will be the same if Aqua dispels it.
“In a certain sense, he might be more troublesome to face than the Demon King himself. To my knowledge, he is the strongest mage in the world.”
Hearing the phrase ‘the strongest mage in the world’, Megumin suddenly perked up.
In other words, as long as he is in the castle, he is even stronger than Wiz.
Well, I can think of a way to deal with him on the journey.
More importantly–
“Now then, about the Demon King himself-”
“I refuse.”
Serena immediately clammed up, a complete 180 from her attitude just moments before.
“I’m going to be executed after this anyway, right? So that’s all the information I’ll provide. Unless you wish to make another deal with me? In that case, my condition is to be set free. If you can agree to that, I’ll give you information about the Demon King in exchange.”
Saying that, Serena let out a confident smile.
“Do you really think you are in a position to be demanding terms? Right now, those maniacs behind me are just chomping at the bit to torture you, you know? If you send me away–”
“Go right ahead. Torture and the likes won’t work on me. After all, anything that gets done to me will be returned to the torturer. Now, if you want to kill me, go ahead! As long as you don’t mind me taking what I know to the grave!”
She said such bold words with a smile.
However, I noticed the slight tremble in her words.
She’s putting on a strong front, but she’s definitely getting desperate.
“… In that case, leave the rest to me.”
Just as I was considering my options, Darkness walked in front of me.
For some reason, her face is flushed, and her hands were trembling as she reached out to Serena.
Wait, she isn’t going to–
“I’m confident that I won’t give in to mere pain! Allow me to give you a full body workout, and whoever screams first is the loser! Let’s start with something intense… No, we should start with…”
“H-Hey, cut it out, you pervert! Ah, hey! What are you planning on doing by removing my shoes… Hey. No wait, wait! What are you doing with my pinky toe!? Where did you get that brick from? Stop! What are going to do with that brick!?”
As Darkness drew closer, Serena became more and more panicked.
Just then.
Zesta, who had been silently watching the two of them, suddenly shouted.
“I just had a divine revelation!”
“Eh!?” x3
source @cgtranslations.me
Everyone present jumped up in shock upon hearing Zesta’s sudden proclamation.
Zesta is acting really strange right now, even for him.
His eyes went wide and he was trembling in place. It’s almost like he’s suffering some sort of seizure.
… I don’t know what he means by divine revelation, but I have a really bad feeling…
“I just realized something really amazing. This must be a revelation sent to me by Aqua-sama herself…”
“Zesta-sama, is something wrong?”
“Zesta-sama, what exactly are you thinking?”
The other Axis Cultists gathered around him, but Zesta didn’t take his eyes off Serena for an instant.
“Young lady of the Regina cult, any damage done to you will be reflected as is to the person who dealt the damage… Is that right?”
“Eh? Ah, yes, that is true…”
Shying back in the face of Zesta’s gaze, Serena hesitantly responded.
“Then allow me to ask you one more question. Are you a virgin?”
“That’s a really bold question! … At the end of the day, I’m still a servant of the divine. You understand what I’m saying, right?”
Serena answered somewhat bashfully.
The moment Zesta heard her answer, he grabbed his head in his hands and fell to his knees.
“Aaah, how could this be!? That means, even a man like me… ! When I take the innocence of this Regina cultist…! At that moment, even a man like me can know the pain of getting deflowered! This is truly a divine miracle to allow such unique experiences to be shared…!”
“What are you saying!? I don’t understand! I don’t want to understand!”
I really don’t follow what this old man is saying.
“Zesta-sama, p-please give this chance to me! I want to truly experience what it feels to be a girl!”
“That’s not fair! You are always taking the best parts for yourself, Zesta-sama!”
“Me too, me too! There’s no way such a rare and unique chance will come around again!”
Starting with the young man wearing the gothic lolita outfit, other members of the Axis Cult soon joined in.
“Hey, wait, wait, stop! I-I’m going to be… Kazuma! Kazuma! I apologize! It’s all my fault! I’ll tell you everything, so please stop them!”
“Power! Protection! Blessing! … I shall be the one to take that Regina cultist’s purity! If any one of you think you can defeat me as I am right now, go ahead and come right at me!”
“That’s low, Zesta-sama! Using the blessings of Aqua-sama for such an endeavour is really dirty of you!”
“Coward! Scum! You’re abusing your powers as an Archpriest!”
Ignoring the Axis Cultists who’ve begun fighting amongst themselves, I squatted before Serena who is practically trembling in her bonds.
“So, Serena, I know of a way that will probably save you, so hurry up and tell me everything you know about the Demon King. If you do, I promise I’ll do my best to help you get out of this.”
“R-R-Really!? You really can get me away from those maniacs!? I can trust you on this, right!?”
She must be really scared out of her wits if she’s giving me such a pleading look.
When I nodded, Serena immediately started talking.
“The Demon King himself is… Due to his advanced age, he isn’t very strong in direct combat… But his special ability that comes with his lineage is extremely powerful. You could even say he became the Demon King solely due to how strong his ability is.”
“… Special ability?”
Serena nodded.
“Yes, special ability. Just like all those people with strange names like you, the Demon King has a powerful ability of his own. If you are a monster or a demon, you’ll receive a massive power boost just by being in his presence. With him present, even a lowly goblin will be able to go toe to toe with an experienced adventuring party, at least.”
“What kind of cheat is that?”
If a mere goblin is buffed to such a degree, just how strong would the Demon King’s bodyguards be?
“On top of that, the Demon King can also bestow his protection upon his underlings. You’ve fought with the Dullahan, Beldia before, right? I’m sure you’ve noticed that he was especially resistant to holy magic.”
… Not only can he buff his minions, but he can also practically remove their weaknesses entirely. Isn’t this a little too outrageous?
Perhaps noticing what was going through my head, Serena let out a wry laugh.
“… It think it’s best if you give up on taking down the Demon King. If you really want to, your best chance of success is to resort to ambushing him while his minions are away or other similar tactics… Plus, most of his powers have already been transferred to his daughter. That is the reason why she’s personally heading to the capital with the greater portion of the Demon King’s army. As the Demon King is right now, even if he were to lead the army, he won’t be able to dramatically increase their combat prowess… But he is still powerful enough to boost the power of anyone in the same room as him. As long as he is around, it’s best to assume that every single member of his elite guard is as strong as a Demon King’s General.”
This is bad.
I should probably stop treating the Demon King as an opponent I can defeat if only a few things went my way.
After we meet up with Aqua, I’ll have to convince Megumin and the others to teleport back to Axel using my and Yunyun’s spells.
Not that it’d be easy considering how pumped up everyone is right now.
Aqua will probably be easily convinced. The Demon King is already pretty old, so we can just laze around for a while and he will die of old age before long.
… Yes, that’s probably the most realistic plan.
Yeah, let’s go with that.
After I tell them what Serena told me just now, I’m sure they’ll all agree with this course of action.
“Hey, that’s enough information, right? I’ve already told you pretty much everything I know about the Demon King. The only other things I know about him are stuff like how he really dotes on his daughter, or he is really having a headache dealing with matters of human resources–”
“Ah, no, that’ll be fine. Those guys seem like they’ve pretty much decided things too.”
As I said that, I looked over to Zesta and the others.
“Hahaha! Oh, great Aqua-sama, I offer my heroic deeds to your glory! Behold, I have taken care of all of the rebellious heretics!”
“You damn old man, how could you treat your own faithful as heretics!?”
“Don’t get full of yourself just because you can use a little magic! We have the blessings of Aqua-sama too! Get him!”
Even though Zesta stands alone, he was easily able to fend off everyone attacking him, sending people flying with just his bare fists.
There are some issues with his personality, but he isn’t the Patriarch of the Axis Cult just for show. He could probably wrestle an ogre into the ground right now.
Eventually, Zesta walked over to us, wiping his sweat with a towel with the same air as someone who just went for a morning run.
“So, have you concluded your business yet? I think it’s about time you hand that heretic over to us.”
“Eep!”
Zesta’s words caused Serena to shrink up even more, and the glare of the female Axis Cultists behind him is somehow even scarier.
It feels like they are ready to kill her at any time.
“Kazuma… K-K-K-Kazuma….!”
Serena looked up at me with a hint of desperation in her eyes. Seems like she’s clinging onto what I said earlier about getting her out of this.
In response to her hopes, I produced a piece of paper.
That was the Axis Cult enlistment form that I found in the carriage.
In other words…
“Are you willing to turn over a new leaf and let go of everything you have now to worship, revere, and respect the goddess Aqua as a devout Axis Cultist?”
After hearing my words, Serena, tears in her eyes, could only mutter…
“S-Seriously…?”
“–Hey, underling, stop moping around! We’re leaving!”
“Y-Yes! Sorry, senpai!”
“Senpai does have a nice ring to it…! Call me senpai too!”
“Eeep! W-What is it, S-Senpai…!”
“Hey, underling! Don’t get too comfortable! We aren’t going to pamper you! For now, go buy enough neroid for everyone! I want the limited edition hell spicy-sweet neriod.”
“S-Senpai… It’s almost winter now…”
“Did you say something?”
“No, I didn’t! I’ll go buy some right now! I’ll go around to various cities to get enough for everyone!”
Serena pushed an obviously forced smile onto her face, even though her eyes seemed to be on the verge of tears.
“Well, all’s well that ends well.”
“What exactly ended well!?”
I muttered to myself, and Serena immediately shot back.
Seems like she’ll be brought back to the Alcanretia cathedral for all her crimes to be laid bare and an appropriate punishment be meted out.
At the same time, she’ll be spending her time as the underling of the Axis Cult for many years as punishment for all the stuff she did in the past.
I can only hope that she hadn’t killed anyone else apart from me.
Well, with that wrapped up, I suppose it’s time we get back to catching up to Aqua.
Just as I thought that.
“Now then, Kazuma-dono, shall we hit the road?”
The person who said that was–
“– Darkness, please squeeze in a little more. You take up a lot of space with all the bits popping out of you. Can’t you make yourself a little more compact?”
“I-It’s not like I grew up this way because I wanted to… Besides, you are a little too compact- ow! Ah, ah, Megumin, don’t pull on my hair…!”
The two of them jostled within the narrow carriage.
“Ha ha ha! Now now, flat and bountiful both have their own appeal. You shouldn’t fight over that. If you really must settle things cleanly, allow me to judge as a neutral party. Go ahead and show me your bare chests–”
And, coming along with us to handle the Axis Cult horses, is Zesta.
“Hey, old man, stop harassing my companions. That’s a privilege only I can have. Otherwise I’m going to throw you off this carriage. While it’s still moving.”
“If you keep saying stupid things, I’m going to throw both of you out… Say, Megumin, is it really fine to bring this man along with us? There’s no need to specifically bring this man along just to control the horses, right? Couldn’t we bring along some other Axis Cultist?”
Darkness said uneasily as she looked at Zesta sitting in the driver’s seat.
“What are you saying? I might not seem like much, but I can confidently say that I’m the strongest person in the Axis Cult. I assure you, I’ll deliver you to Aqua-sama in one piece.”
Zesta, reins in hand, said with a laugh.
Megumin frowned upon hearing the word strongest come out of his mouth.
By the way, the carriage that we are riding right now is designed to carry three people, including the driver.
I begged them to let me sit in the passenger compartment too, but they refused to in the end.
That’s why I’m currently squeezed in the narrow driver’s seat together with Zesta.
“Ah, the warmth of a young man. What a great reward! Thank you, Aqua-sama!”
“Please, just shut up. Say, Megumin, Darkness, is there really no way we can change seats?”
“N-No way. I feel like I’ll end up getting harassed.”
“Y-Yeah. I’m used to getting harassed by you, but getting it from that man is a little… ”
The two of them instantly rejected my request.
“Now then, we should get going. I’ll leave the rest to you, my followers!”
“Understood. We’ll be praying that Zesta-sama will be able to be of aid to Aqua-sama in our place.”
The female cultists happily waved us off.
“Bye, Serena. I think it’d be best for you to get used to living in the Axis Cult as soon as possible.”
“Shut up. Hurry up and go already you embodiment of ill luck!”
Leaving Serena’s voice far behind us, the carriage driven by Zesta headed off towards the Demon King’s castle–!
“This really was a surprise, Aqua-sama. To think that we would end up running into each other.”
The group lead by the warrior with the magic sword easily sent the ogres packing.
Everything happened so suddenly, so I still don’t quite understand exactly what happened.
“It’s been some time, Magic Sword Man. It really is a coincidence, running into you here–”
“Yunyun-san! Yunyun-san! Thank you for saving me, Yunyun-san! Let onee-chan give you a big hug as thanks!”
“Isn’t that what you always do, Cecily-san!?”
Next to the Magic Sword Man, Cecily wrapped Yunyun into a tight hug.
“To think we’d happen to run into each other just as Aqua-sama got into a crisis. This must be what they call fate–”
“Yunyun-san, help yourself to the crabs. Thanks to Aqua-sama, we got a lot of them today. We’ll have a crab feast!”
“You shouldn’t do that, Cecily-san. Mitsurugi-san is being serious… Feast… A feast with everyone… Everyone… ”
The Magic Sword Man seemed to shy back a little upon hearing Yunyun constantly mutter “everyone” under her breath.
“N-No, we can’t hold a feast here. Plus, we defeated the ogres. Ogres have a very strong bond of kinship towards each other. Others will definitely come around here to investigate their lost companions before too long. In the first place, we came out to aid Aqua-sama in her efforts to take out the Demon King. Now that we have met up, we should make haste towards the Demon King’s castle…”
“Y-Yeah, that’s right! A feast… isn’t something that we should be doing now… ”
Despite what Yunyun said, she seemed notably sullen after hearing Mitsurugi’s words.
“How can we not have a feast!? Aqua-sama wants to eat crab meat, you know!? Even if you are handsome, there’s no way I can’t go along with that request!”
“You are… Cecily-san, right? We met at the church in Alcanretia, haven’t we?”
It seems like Cecily knows the Magic Sword Man.
“Have we met before? … Oh, yeah, you were the guy who hit on me back at Alcanretia when you were looking for a priest, right!?”
“I didn’t hit on you! Moreover, all I wanted was a priest of the Axis Cult, not you in particular…”
As the Magic Sword Man said that, he gasped like he just remembered something.
“Aqua-sama, my apologies for not explaining things earlier… We came after you in order to offer our aid in your quest to defeat the Demon King. When I had my fortune told by the foremost fortune teller amongst the Crimson Demons, she told me ‘you will run into a priest of the Axis Cult in the near future. She will be a key figure in deciding the fate of this world. No matter what happens, you must protect her.’ … In other words, this is…!”
“Aqua-sama, a younger, handsome man just proposed to me!”
“That isn’t about you, Cecily-san! Ah, wait, Aqua-sama–”
Cecily and the Magic Sword Man seemed to have some stuff to catch up on, so I helped myself to the crabs instead–
— After spending the night with the crab feast.
“Aqua-sama, Aqua-sama, your humble servant Cecily has something to confess.”
While on the carriage heading towards Alcanretia, Cecily said with a serious look.
“Cecily, where did this come from? I don’t know exactly what you did, but I’m sure it’s not a big deal. If you want, I can come with you to apologize.”
“Really, Aqua-sama? You see, I’ve angered quite a few people… Ah, no, that’s not what I want to say.”
Cecily seemed a little regretful as she said.
“Aqua-sama, the truth is, I’ve been delaying our journey in order to allow Megumin-san and the others to catch up, but it seems like this is as far as that will go. I’ve actually brought a few games to attract your attention, but at this rate, we’ll be at Alcanretia within an hour.”
“I’m a little curious as to why exactly you delayed us, but I’m sure you had a good reason for doing that. First that ghost girl, and now you. Why does everyone want to delay me? … But very well, I forgive you.”
Cecily smiled upon hearing my words.
“With this party, it might be possible to take down the Demon King, but personally, I hope–”
She trailed off.
“Ah, it’d be boorish of me to say anything more. As a low-leveled priest, I would only hold you back going forward. When you reach Alcanretia, you must pay the headquarters a visit. When you do, you should give Zesta-sama and the others this order…”
Cecily leaned over to my ear.
“Now then, your humble servant Cecily prays for your success! This is but a small offering, but it’s the best a lowly priest like me can do… May the protection of Aqua-sama be on you! Blessing!”
With a smile, she casted a buff upon us.
And that’s volume 16. Seems like Konosuba as a series is coming to a conclusion pretty soon. At the rate things are going, it would seem like the next book would be the last in the series, unless Natsume surprises us with a new development. I am hoping that he’ll do a little bit more to expand on the Demon King’s daughter, but otherwise I’m fairly satisfied with how things are going so far. Here’s to him sticking the landing.
As some of you might have noticed, the insert images in this volume and volume 15 are in colour. This is all thanks to Kasen, who filled them all in and gracefully allowed me to use them on my site, so I’d like to express my thanks to him.
Also of important note is Ulti. Ulti has been my primary editor and has stuck with me all the way from 2017 when I first started working on volume 12. He’s also my typesetter, without whom none of the insert images would be in English. I would also like to thank Kasen and Mike for cleaning the images so that we don’t have to copy paste the English text over Japanese.
And of course there’s my editors. Xenthur has been helping me quite often throughout this last two years, and these chapters would be in much poorer shape without him. Striker is one of the newer additions to the team, but he has made himself almost indispensable over the course of this volume. I’m serious, the amount of typos that the three of them have caught in my texts make me question if I even know English at times. I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest thanks to all of them.
Now, as usual, the short stories will be released weekly after this update. Unlike previous volumes, Volume 16 only comes with two After that comes the fifth volume of Dust spin-off, which I’m honestly quite excited to start working on. From what I’ve read, it seems to be moving towards a conclusion of Dust’s story too, so no more endlessly teasing the mystery of Dust’s past. I can’t make any promises right now, but it should start going up some time in late November or early December.
There are also a few other projects that I’ve been neglecting, such as the Blu ray short stories and the Everyday life manga series. At least some of them should be making their way onto the site now that all my free time isn’t devoted to Volume 16 anymore, so stay tuned for that.
Now then, till we meet again.
–CannonGerbil
As I was walking down the streets of Axel to pick up dinner, an older lady I didn’t know hit on me.
“Pardon me, may I have a moment of your time?”
She had a small bottle in her hands and seemed quite troubled.
“You’re one of Aqua-san’s companions, yes? I really want to buy Aqua’s delicious water, but is she not selling today?”
“I’m sorry, I’m not following you at all.”
No, scratch that, she wasn’t hitting on me after all.
“No, usually, Aqua-san would bring out her sparkling and delicious water around this time, but…”
She was doing such things?
“Well, due to certain events, she’s not in town at the moment.”
“When I use Aqua’s water for my cooking, my children don’t get any allergic reactions…”
The woman drooped her shoulders as she made to leave.
It’s rare to see that girl be of actual help to others.
And, just when I was mildly impressed for a moment, I heard a voice coming from the main street.
“Come one, come all! I, Pierre, one of the great street performers competing for the number one spot in the capital, shall amaze you all!”
Looking towards the source of the voice, I saw that quite a sizeable crowd has gathered.
“The town of Axel is famous for making street performers run off in tears! Will my acts be fit for your discerning gaze!?”
The great street performer Pierre gave an exaggerated bow.
This is the first time I’ve heard about this town driving street performers to leave in tears…
A small smattering of applause met Pierre, and the entertainer reached into his bag.
“Now, first off, a greeting! What could be in this bag, I wonder…!”
A few children within the crowd started excitedly shouting.
“A rookie killer! A rookie killer bigger than the bag will jump out!”
“No, a flock of crows will fly out! They’ll fly out and draw a picture in the sky! Aqua-nee-chan did it!”
Pierre suddenly stopped moving after taking stock of exactly what his audience expected.
“… No, this is just some candy I’m giving out as a greeting. I haven’t started my act yet. This is just a candy box. Here, little lady, a sweet for you.”
He took those sweets out of his bag and tried to smooth things over.
“It would seem that the residents of this town are no strangers to street performances! Very well, I shall skip straight to the eighteenth act! Behold, the disappearing act!”
At Pierre’s words, a lady dressed in a bunny girl outfit strode up next to him.
“Disappearing act? Don’t tell me…”
“He’s joking right? There’s no way he’s being serious, right?”
Hearing the astonished response of the crowd, Pierre cheerfully raised his voice.
“Oh, seems like that sparked some interest! Behold! When I cover her with this cloak, she’ll disappear in an instant! Of course, this is just an ordinary cloak! No tricks or magic here!”
At those words, screams erupted from the crowd.
“Stop it, what are you trying to do to that lady!?”
“This guy is crazy! Go call a policeman or an adventurer or someone!”
Seeing the children wailing, and the adults running off to find the police, Pierre seems to have picked up on something odd with the crowd.
“I-I don’t know why everyone’s so agitated, but… Well, why don’t you see it in action before judging!? Now, is everyone prepared!? One, two, three!”
The moment Pierre covered the lady with the cloak, the crowd cried out in shock.
At the same time, the cloak floated gently to the ground…
“N-No! O-Onee-san is–!”
“She disappeared! This guy is really crazy! He’s definitely dangerous!”
“Get someone here, this guy is a criminal! He’s a murderer!”
Seeing the panicked crowd, Pierre’s mask of composure finally broke.
“Please wait, this is just a show! Why is this happening!? What is wrong with these people!? Everyone’s reactions have been completely odd!”
After the policemen who rushed here heard the explanation from the crowd.
“… Great street performer Pierre, could you please accompany us to the station?”
“Why!? What is wrong with this town!? I just performed an act in the streets! For what reason must I be arrested!?”
“That’s obviously because you caused that woman to vanish! You just said there aren’t any tricks or magic!”
“There really is something wrong with this town! Of course there’s a trick to it! That’s a woman that just knows how to use teleport-!”
As I saw Pierre getting surrounded by the police, I finally understood why the residents of this town were reacting like this.
It’s probably because of that party trick using goddess who can really make stuff disappear without tricks or magic.
“What, so it was a trick after all. Well, once you’ve seen the real thing…”
“What, it’s just teleport? What a boring trick…”
“Come to think of it, I don’t see Aqua-san anywhere. She usually shows up long before now to break the performer’s heart.”
Selling water and performing party tricks.
I thought that I knew Aqua pretty well, but it seems like there’s still plenty I’ve yet to know about her.
With that on my mind, I did my shopping and walked back to my mansion…
“Ah, Kazuma, it’s good that you showed up! It seems like Aqua racked up a pretty huge tab at the bar! They just sent us the receipt…”
When I bring her back, I’m going to have to keep a much closer eye on her.
“AAAAAAAAAAAH! AAAAAAAAAAAH! AAAAAAAAAAAH! I’ve had it with that idiot! When she gets back, I’m going to scold her ears off!”
“W-What’s wrong, Kazuma!? Don’t raise your voice so suddenly, you gave me a fright…”
On that day.
After reading the letter left by that idiot goddess, I searched her room in the hopes of finding some clues to her current location, but…
“Plenty of things are wrong right now, but first, take a look at this!”
“… Isn’t that the mug that you were raising a fit over some time ago after you thought you lost it?”
I shoved the broken cup towards Darkness.
She seems to get what happened the moment she realized I was inside Aqua’s room.
“W-Well, such things is just par for the course with her. I’ll introduce you to a dinnerware shop that is primarily frequented by nobles, so you can buy a replacement there.”
Darkness tried to calm me down, but…
“That’s not it. Even I wouldn’t blow my top over one broken cup. If she had properly admitted it, the most I’ll do is make her my manservant for a week.”
“I think that’s precisely why she hid that cup from you.”
After exasperatedly saying that, she turned her attention towards the broken game console I had in my other hand.
“… That’s the rare relic you picked up in the Crimson Demon village, right? … B-But, well, Aqua didn’t break it on purpose…”
In response to Darkness’s attempts to cover for Aqua, I brought out a box I discovered in Aqua’s room.
“That’s the strange jacket that you treasured, and this is an empty bottle? Aah, she drank the expensive wine you bought. And then there’s… Sorry, there’s just too much stuff for me to keep track of.”
Inside the box is a practical mountain of evidence that Aqua tried to hide from me.
Even I wouldn’t have gotten angry over one or two items.
But…
For some strange reason, Darkness suddenly let out a soft laugh.
“… What? What’s so funny? This jersey is really important to me, you know? The fact that it ended up here after I put it in the laundry must mean she didn’t pay attention while scrubbing and tore through it… Yeah, I knew it!”
“Ah, no, I mean… No matter what you say, you’re still thinking about what happens after Aqua comes back, so…”
Darkness let out a wry smile, and I felt a blush creeping up my cheeks.
“… Well, I suppose I can take care of the trash for her. In exchange, she’ll be our manservant for a month.”
Hearing my tsundere-esque line, Darkness stifled a laugh.
… Just then.
“What are you raising a fuss in Aqua’s room for? Did you find some kind of lead?”
Megumin poked her head inside the room.
“No, I didn’t find any leads, but I did find one more reason to drag her back to this town.”
After explaining what I found to Megumin,
“… I see. Then, we have to get her back as soon as possible so we can properly lecture her.”
Megumin said with a laugh.
“Indeed. I’m looking forward to seeing what she will do by way of apology..”
Darkness joined in with a laugh of her own.
She’s probably wandering around somewhere off the beaten path right now. When I picture her crying face…
“… Say, have the two of you looked into the box? She can’t possibly have only broken my stuff, right?”
At my words, the two of them froze in their tracks.
“Pardon me… Ah, isn’t this the Rookie Killer figurine that I painstakingly saved up to buy!? I thought Chomusuke dragged it off somewhere! So it was here all along!?”
“Aaah, this is the tea set I got from Lumes! And I told her so many times to be careful when handling it…”
The two of them barely spent any time searching before discovering important stuff of their own that have been broken.
“We have to get her back as soon as possible so we can properly lecture her.”
“Indeed. I’m looking forward to seeing what she will do by way of apology.”
They said those very same words just moments ago, but somehow the meaning seems to have changed quite a bit.
“… Well, if she cried and apologized, I guess I’ll forgive her…”
I muttered as I envisioned the future for that runaway goddess.
Well that’s taken me long enough. I know a lot of you have been waiting for this, so rejoice, for the wait is over. Just like Volume 16, Volume 17 does not have a prologue, so we are jumping right in. I’ve posted this entry on Wednesday to make up for the lack of content, so chapter one will be dropping this Saturday at the usual timeslot. It should make the wait somewhat more bearable.
Now this volume kicks off directly after the cliffhanger of volume 16, so you might want to refresh yourself on what exactly happened back then. It has been some time, after all.
It’s a little bitter-sweet to have the end in sight after doing this for the past three years, but I hope you’ll enjoy the final leg together with me. As usual, the chapters will be dropping every Saturday, so look forward to them.
-Cannongerbil
In this world, there is an organization known as the Demon King’s army.
They have power far surpassing that of humanity, and have been threatening mankind for ages.
Even after humanity received amazing powers from the gods, they were still unable to stand up to them. They can truly be called the natural enemy of mankind.
And at the home base of that organization that has spread terror amongst much of humanity, which is protected by a powerful, impenetrable barrier──
“Explosion! Explosion!!!”
“Wahahahaha! Wahahaha! That’s it, Megumin! Give it to ‘em! You are the strongest mage in this world!”
That very same home base is currently undergoing an unprecedented crisis at the hands of a single, good-for-nothing mage.
“Look, Darkness! Behold this wondrous sight! Thinking about it, the Demon King’s army has caused me quite a bit of trouble in the past! Now I’ve finally gotten some revenge! Wahahaha! Look at that pathetic sight! And you dare call yourself the Demon King!?”
“Ah, aaah… Aaah… Top grade manatite that are each worth more than a house are disappearing right in front of me… One… Two…”
Every time Megumin unleashed her spell, the pale-faced Darkness would mutter something under her breath.
“Explosion! Explosion!!!”
Every time that voice echoed across the plains, an unbelievably powerful explosion slammed against the Demon King’s barrier.
“Are those elite soldiers of the Demon King’s army!? They look like they’re about to piss themselves! I’m sure they’re normally pretty strong enemies, but to us right now they might as well be kobolds!”
“Aaaaah… Awawawawa…”
This is the current situation. Megumin, her face one of unbridled glee, has been continuously bombarding the enemy with Explosion Magic.
By the time the third blast impacted against the barrier, the Demon King’s troops came rushing out of the castle in a panicked mass.
Most of them were clad head to toe in pitch-black plate armour, quite an imposing sight.
Alongside them were also creatures wearing loose and flowing dark robes, probably spellcasters, and winged, Gargoyle-like monsters.
It’s obvious at a glance that any single one of them is far stronger than any monster we’ve encountered before.
Just catching sight of one of them would normally cause us to turn tail and flee, and now there’s an entire army of them rushing towards us.
But we held the high ground, and none of them could even begin to get close to us without getting blown to smithereens by Explosion.
A few of the Gargoyle-looking monsters tried coming at us from the air, but Megumin needed only to raise her hand and unleash her spell, and they drifted towards the earth like fallen leaves.
“Explosion! Explosion!!!”
Today, Megumin is casting her spell without chanting, just like she did back when she faced off against the Demon King’s General, Wolbach.
Chants are used to control and amplify the power of a spell.
Reciting a fixed chant prevents the magic from running amok, and can also increase the power of the spell.
However, for someone like Megumin who has mastered Explosion Magic, she can easily cast without chanting.
…Well, that’s only to be expected.
After all──
“Explosion! Explosion! Explosion!!!”
This Archwizard loves Explosion Magic more than life itself. She has never cast any other spell in her life.
In the face of magic that could take down even gods and devils, the elite troops of the Demon King’s army were turned into dust, leaving not even corpses behind.
Darkness looked at this scene and trembled,
“T-This is Hell… This is Hell on Earth…! Even if it used up a lot of top grade manatite, if any of the nobles or His Majesty were to witness this, they would definitely designate Megumin as the most dangerous person in the world…! There’s no way the Kingdom could ignore her…!”
“Wahahahaha! This feels great! It’s like all the gloomy stuff clawing at my chest vanished in an instant! Megumin, get them! Keep blasting even after you shatter the barrier! Aqua and the others have only just entered the castle! The Demon King’s room is most definitely on the top floor! Once you break through, raise your aim a little and take the entire top off!”
“D-Don’t do that! Considering Aqua’s poor luck, she might end up getting caught in the blast! And look at Megumin! Her eyes are already shining brighter than ever…!”
Perhaps it is because of her continuous unleashing of high level magic, but Megumin, in addition to her glowing crimson eyes, was also surrounded by a constantly fluctuating halo of electricity.
After taking so many hits, cracks were spreading all across the semi-transparent barrier. Even to my untrained eye, it was clear that it was on the verge of collapse.
“Explosion! Explosion!!!”
As Megumin continued her devastating barrage, an endless horde of monsters came spilling from the castle like it was some kind of monster spawner.
I doubt they were eager to meet their deaths, but they probably knew that the barrier wouldn’t last long if things were to continue.
As the monsters drew Megumin’s fire, the robe-wearing members of the Demon King’s army raised their arms and started casting magic.
I’m sure they were trying to repair the barrier, but looking at them with my Farsight, every single one of them had looks of teary-eyed desperation.
As time passed, the stream of black knights was reduced to a trickle, before being replaced by a wave of large, ogre-like creatures that zealously charged up the hill.
They zealously charged up, but were just as easily swept aside by Megumin’s spells.
…Eventually, the area around the castle was riddled with craters.
The flow of monsters coming from the castle stopped completely. I was thinking that they’ve finally run out of troops, when…
──A man wearing a pure white mask walked out through the gates.
His robe and staff were also white, matching his mask.
This guy certainly had a different feel about him than the cannon fodder that came before.
Despite being in the Demon King’s army, he had a certain holy aura about him, almost like he himself was a divine presence…
“A bigshot showed up. I wonder if he is the ‘world’s strongest mage’ or whatever Serena was talking about.”
Megumin, her cheeks flushed and with eyes glowing brighter than I’ve ever seen, ceased her assault when she saw the robed figure emerge from the castle.
Still buried up to her waist in the pile of manatite, she playfully rolled a chunk around her hand.
Noticing that the rain of spells has stopped, the white-robed mage stepped through the barrier and casually made his way towards us.
A semi-transparent, membrane-like material appeared around him as he approached. It certainly seems ominous.
We are still quite some distance from each other, certainly too far to have a conversation.
Is he coming up to demand our names and objective?
Or perhaps he’s coming up here to challenge Megumin for the title of the strongest after being impressed by her strength.
Or maybe even──
──Just then, Megumin sent a spell his way without hesitation.
“Explosion!”
“Wha─!?” x2
Darkness and I raised a yelp of surprise, but of course, it’s already too late to stop the ball of magic that went hurtling from Megumin’s staff straight towards the robed man.
The next moment, a large boom erupted where he stood, accompanied by an immense column of smoke and a strong shockwave.
The robe was shredded to pieces, revealing a pair of pure white wings.
So is he an angel-type monster?
I ran into a fallen angel named Duke in the past who got blasted to pieces by Wiz. Is he one of his kinsmen?
…Then, the naked angel shakily got up to his feet.
“Ooh!” x2
Darkness and I let out a voice that is both equal parts surprised and impressed.
Seeing that he managed to tank a shot from Megumin, there’s no doubt that he is the gatekeeper, the very same one rumoured to be the strongest mage in the world.
Raising himself to his full height, the angel looked up and us and shouted──
“…I am…! The Demon King’s… Strongest…! …A sudden attack…!”
He was saying something, but the distance between us is too great for me to make it out.
Probably naming himself and demanding to know why we launched such an attack out of the blue or something similar.
Megumin and Darkness too didn’t seem to have much luck in making out his words and traded looks of confusion.
I activated my Farsight and Lip Reading skills.
“If you can hear me, then respond! Just who are you!? Adventurers? How dare you bombard the castle from such a long range!? Do you not know of the legends of the Demon King and the Hero, or of the conduct of nobility!? The divine blood that flows in my veins cannot abide such an unseemly act…!”
The naked angel was ranting about something.
“Did you figure out what this guy is saying?”
Megumin asked me as she noticed my confused expression.
“I’ve used my Lip Reading skill, and he seems to be saying that attacking the castle from range is unfair. Like, super unfair.”
“That sounds really childish coming from someone said to be the strongest mage in the world… Though, it’s true that I’ve never heard of someone taking on the Demon King in such a manner…”
Darkness crossed her arms and frowned, while Megumin waved her staff in the man’s direction.
“So, can I blow him up?”
“Go ahead. We have the range advantage, and there’s no reason for us to play along with him.”
“…I feel sorry for him…”
This time, Megumin properly began chanting her spell instead of truncating it like she did before.
It seems like she intends to end it in a single blow.
“You have been warned! Behold my power! The infinite mana granted to me from the demonic realm and my vast knowledge of magic shall render you─”
“Explosion!”
Megumin unleashed her spell before the guy could finish.
The naked angel was sent flying into the sky in a parabolic arc before collapsing into the ground in an ashen heap, where he lay, twitching sporadically.
──Just then, a complex magic circle suddenly appeared beneath the angel’s body and began glowing brightly.
At the same time, the wounds on that angel’s body started healing at a rapid rate.
…Come to think of it, Serena did mention that he had powerful regeneration abilities.
The mages who were repairing the barrier stopped their work and dashed out to drag the angel back behind it.
Megumin once again raised her staff.
“He’s gone back behind the barrier. Oh well, I was going to destroy it either way. We’ll settle which one of us is the strongest after I bring it down!”
“Explosion! Explosion!!!”
As Megumin resumed her unrelenting barrage, I focused my gaze on the mages inside the barrier in order to follow their conversation.
“Aaaaah, what should we do!? What should we do!?”
“It’s hopeless, this is the end!”
“What is wrong with her!? Is she out of her mind!?”
“The barrier won’t hold! If we don’t get away quickly, that vicious Crimson Demon will destroy us all along with the castle!”
“Why did such a last boss-like creature suddenly attack us!? How can she keep casting Explosion like this!? Is this some kind of attack by a Demon King from another world!?”
“M-Mama──!”
As the mages behind the barrier fell into complete disarray, the naked angel groggily opened his eyes.
Seeing that, I gave a signal to Megumin to pause the bombardment.
As surrounding mages rushed around to fetch a spare robe, I focused my gaze on him, my Lip Reading skill at the ready…
“…Even with… True power… Taken out by that… That… Small… Crimson Demon…”
“He said if he was in peak condition, he would’ve taken out that flat Crimson Demon easily.”
“Explosion! Explosion!!!”
Megumin renewed her attack with increased vigor after hearing my interpretation.
The barrier visibly flickered. It won’t be long now before it collapses.
“K-Kazuma, did he really say that!?”
“Pretty much.”
I casually replied to Darkness’s question. At the same time, the former Demon King’s General wobbled to his feet.
The wounds that Megumin inflicted on him just moments ago have completely healed over.
“All we have to do is wait for the insane Crimson Demon to run out of mana! The enemy outranges us, so we will focus on maintaining the barrier! I can draw a limitless amount of mana from the demonic realm, so if we draw this out into a battle of attrition, we’ll be able to take out that insane mage without direct combat!”
The mages around him raised a ragged cheer.
The cloaked angel, not knowing that his plan had been revealed to me, raised his hand towards the barrier and started pouring mana into it.
“He says he’s ‘waiting for the crazy Crimson Demon mage to run out of mana’. He has an unlimited supply of mana, so he can’t be bothered to deal with crazy mages. ‘Just repair the barrier and turn it into a battle of attrition’, or so he says.”
“I’m going to kill him.”
“Wait, Kazuma, did he really say that!? Did he really put it like that!?”
“Pretty much.”
As the cloaked mage and his mage assistants ran around frantically trying to repair the barrier──
Megumin took a deep breath, her eyes shining crimson──
“Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion!!!”
“Wait…!”
In the face of Megumin’s onslaught, the barrier that has surrounded the Demon King’s castle for so many years instantly crumbled.
The cloaked angel once again became a naked angel. He seemed to be saying something, but…
“Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion! Explosion!!!”
The Explosion shower turned all the mages around him into dust, leaving only the nude and heavily wounded angel in the center of a large field of craters.
As expected of the strongest mage in the world.
Just as I praised his tenacity, Megumin began chanting.
This flow of magic is completely different from anything I’ve seen before.
It wasn’t drawn from the manatite, but instead from Megumin’s own reserves that she had been saving until this point.
[Thanks to Kasen for the colouring]
Right now, Megumin probably has more mana within her than is stored in even the highest grade manatite.
The angel, whose regeneration failed to keep up with the hail of explosions, seemed to notice Megumin’s unusual presence even in his half-dead state and gasped,
“I… Am… The… Strongest… Oldest… Of the Demon King’s Army… My name is…”
“Explosion!!!”
Taking the largest Explosion that Megumin has ever unleashed head-on, the angel vanished from this world without us ever knowing his name.
“Thanks for your hard work! Still, this is a horrible sight. I don’t think it was this bad even back when the mobile fortress Destroyer attacked us. Anyway, with this, you really are undoubtedly the world’s strongest… H-Hey, Megumin, your nose is bleeding.”
“Eh? Ah… ”
I noticed her bleed just as I transferred mana to Megumin using Drain Touch.
Upon hearing that, Megumin grabbed her robe to clean the blood off, but only succeeded at spreading it all over her face.
“Oh, come on…”
I used Create Water to drench my handkerchief before wiping her face. Megumin closed her eyes, leaning into my hand and seemingly enjoying the cool sensation.
Did she get so excited that she got a nosebleed?
No, wait, this is…
“Hey, Megumin, why is your cheek so hot? What is going on? This isn’t just from excitement, is it!?”
“N-No, it’s fine. I’m fine. Just watch, I’ll take out the top floors of the Demon King’s castle now…”
Megumin wobbled to her feet, seemingly in a feverish daze as she shakily waved her staff in the general direction of the castle.
Darkness caught her before she could slip and fall.
“Explosion Magic is the strongest offensive magic that humanity is capable of. It’d be stranger still if you are perfectly fine after casting it so many times in quick succession. Casting using manatite involves circulating the mana stored within the crystal through your body. It shouldn’t put too much strain on your body if a healthy person were to cast regular spells with it, but…”
“But it seems to be too much for Megumin’s body…”
“Don’t make it sound like it’s a problem because my body is too small! It’s fine, I can still carry on. Actually, please take me with you!”
I ignored Megumin who was clamouring for me to carry her and started gathering the scattered manatite.
After stuffing them into my rucksack, Megumin instantly extended her arm towards me.
“I’m not letting you cast any more Explosion Magic today. And I’m carrying the bag, so don’t push yourself.”
“…No matter what you say, if you are in danger I’ll still blast away. And this is something you gave me, so I’ll have to insist on carrying it myself.”
So willful…
In the end, I gave in to the stubborn girl, handing over the rucksack after making her promise that she will only use Explosion if we are in serious danger.
She’s used up quite the number of them during her barrage earlier, so the weight of the rucksack is actually quite manageable, but all the same, the sight of her carrying a large rucksack while wobbling on her feet can’t help but make me worry…
In any case, the biggest obstacle in the way of us entering the castle has been removed.
The surroundings were completely silent, but I still activated my Enemy Detection skill as we warily headed towards the castle.
Even though they should be able to clearly see us approach, no attack came from the castle. They must be in a right panic.
“…Alright, here is where the real work starts. Is everyone ready?”
“Ah, let me take the lead here. Even if a Dragon shows up, I won’t give an inch. Seeing Megumin get all the spotlight is making me a little jealous.”
Darkness, dressed in a very similar fashion to those dark knights that came pouring out of the castle earlier, said with an unexpectedly motivated look on her face.
“Heheheh, I’m afraid the only way to overshadow me today would be to take down the Demon King.”
“Kuh…! The role of a female knight is to be captured by the Demon King, but we came here to take him down… Do I fulfil my role as a female knight or defeat the Demon King…”
“Why do you think we came here? Have you forgotten about Aqua?”
I ignored those two who had no sense of tension at all and carefully approached the main gate.
My Enemy Detection skill didn’t give any response, so I walked through the gate.
Just then,
“Ah!”
“Uwoh!?”
A sudden scream of surprise came from out of thin air, causing me to make a similar noise.
Before I could do anything else, a bunch of familiar faces suddenly appeared before me.
“Megumin! Waaah! Megumin! Megumin! I-I-I was so scared! This place is really scary!!”
“W-What’s wrong, Yunyun? You do love to cry, but you look really bad today!”
[Thanks to Kasen for the colouring]
They were Mitsurugi’s party and Yunyun.
“Satou Kazuma, you caught up with us! …Actually, I’m surprised you were safe. Wasn’t the Demon King right outside!?”
Mitsurugi suddenly said.
His two hanger-ons must have gone through quite an ordeal, they both clung onto Mitsurugi with a death grip while trembling and muttering something about the Demon King under their breaths.
…Still, Demon King?
“No, why would the Demon King be outside?”
Yunyun turned towards me, seemingly having calmed down from Megumin’s headpats.
“W-We managed to sneak into the castle thanks to Aqua-san… While we were exploring the castle with the help of the light-refracting spell, the castle was suddenly hit by a mysterious barrage… Aqua-san said that the Demon King must have sensed that his natural enemy, a goddess, has entered his castle and plans to collapse the entire structure to bury us alive, so we rushed to the entrance…”
Darkness and I slowly glanced over to the “Demon King”.
The crimson eyed “Demon King” bearing a large manatite-filled rucksack over her shoulder averted her gaze.
──Oh right, that reminds me!
“Hey, what happened to Aqua, then?”
“T-That’s…!”
We finally managed to meet up with them, but the most crucial person is nowhere to be seen.
Yunyun, looking quite apologetic, started explaining, but before she could start, a similarly apologetic Mitsurugi interjected.
“Aqua-sama, um… We got separated… The sudden explosions threw the castle into chaos. In the confusion, we managed to use Yunyun’s spells and my companion’s Lurk skill to make it here, but… She must be close by. She was with us until just a short moment ago. When I took my eyes off her for just an instant…”
She only left my sight for a short time and already she’s off causing trouble.
Actually, how the hell did she even get lost when they were running away together?
“I’m sorry… I couldn’t protect Aqua-sama after saying all that to you… Dammit, what Magic Sword Hero am I? I couldn’t even protect the person I love─!”
“No, wait, sorry to interrupt you while you’re getting emotional, but getting lost is like her signature trait. It happens all the time, so don’t worry about it. More importantly, we should go look for that idiot.”
I said that because I didn’t want Mitsurugi to stay depressed, but the truth is if Aqua somehow ran into a Demon King’s soldier out there by herself, that’d be the end of it.
Considering her luck, she won’t be able to avoid encounters for very long, so we need to find her quickly…
──After stepping into the castle, we decided on our course of action together with Mitsurugi.
“I don’t really want to split up, but it’s an emergency, so we’ll have to in order to look for Aqua. Shout if you run into an enemy. Mitsurugi or Yunyun will come running over. I don’t mean to brag, but we probably won’t be of much use in combat.”
“O-Okay, if you are willing to say it so boldly, then I won’t rely on you in combat. Give us a shout if you run into any problems.”
After telling Megumin and Darkness to stay within shouting distance of Mitsurugi and Yunyun, I activated my Enemy Detection skill and began scouting out the area.
I don’t have much confidence in my combat skills, but one thing I am confident in is my ability to remain undetected and locating people.
Peeling away from everyone, I moved towards the places where Aqua seemed likely to be.
…I don’t sense any enemies nearby.
It seems like most of the people who lived on the first floor were taken out by Megumin’s rampage earlier.
In this case, it’d probably be fine for me to go a little further in. I can detect traps and use the Lurk skill, after all.
“Darkness, let’s go this way. Knowing Aqua, she’s probably found some dark and out-of-the-way place to hide in out of fear of running into any enemies.”
“No, she came in with Yunyun and the others, right? Considering how cowardly she is, she would definitely head towards the widest passageways so she can be more easily noticed…”
Leaving those voices behind me, I once again took a good look at the interior of the castle.
The castle is laid out in more or less the same way as a dungeon.
Torches hang on the walls every few paces, illuminating the hallways.
The entire place was built much like a labyrinth, with twisting and intricate passageways fanning out in all directions, perhaps as a measure against intruders.
Considering this is the Demon King’s castle, I was expecting something far more dark and gloomy, but the interior is actually quite clean and well lit, in contrast to the intimidating exterior.
Well, I suppose even demons don’t like living amidst filth and darkness.
──Just as I was exploring the layout, I suddenly noticed something strange.
Right in a dead end was pasted a piece of paper labeled “Do not push.”
A magic circle lies directly in front of the piece of paper, and next to it is a button.
…This is a little too obvious for a trap.
I activated my Trap Detection skill, and expected, I got a response from the wall.
Unfortunately, the skill doesn’t tell me what kind of trap it is, and I have no idea what mechanism it uses.
I do have the Trap Disarm skill, but I haven’t used it since Chris taught it to me after my first trip into the dungeon, so I’m a little uneasy about relying on it now.
Well, as long as nobody touches it, it shouldn’t do anything…
──Then, it hit me.
Is this really a trap?
Under normal circumstances, no one would be stupid enough to fall for such an obvious trap.
So this must be a camouflage for something else.
Like, for instance, a teleport circle that connects directly to the Demon King’s throne room.
Something like a secret escape hatch placed close to the main gate in case the Demon King needs to escape on short notice…
The fact that my Trap Detection skill is going off means that there is definitely a trap linked to it.
But, thinking of it another way, you could also set up a smaller trap next to the teleporter to mask its presence.
Not everything that sets off my skill would necessarily be life threatening.
A simple trap that drops a blackboard eraser on your head after you teleport would also be picked up by my skill.
The Demon King is still a King, after all.
It wouldn’t be unusual for him to have an escape route prepared. Plus it’s not like he’d be cooped up inside his castle all year round.
It’d be terribly inconvenient to navigate the labyrinth-like path to his throne room every time he leaves or enters the castle, so installing a quick shortcut here would definitely make sense.
And I heard the current Demon King is getting up in age too, so I’m certain this isn’t a trap──!
“Hmph, you might be able to fool those simpletons back there, but you won’t fool me that easily…”
Muttering that confidently to myself, I stood on top of the magic circle and pushed the button labeled “Do not push.”
…Ah, crap.
I was so elated after discovering a secret passage that I forgot to call those guys over first before pushing it.
Well, if my guess is right, this shouldn’t be a one-way passage.
I can confirm what it looks like on the other side and come right back──!
──Before I noticed it, my surroundings had changed completely.
I’m in a small, dark, and cramped room.
There wasn’t a single light source in this place, and It feels like a ghost would pop out at any moment.
On top of that, I could hear the faint sound of a woman sobbing coming from somewhere…
“Shit, it was a trap!”
“Waaaaah!”
I couldn’t help but curse, and as I did so, a familiar sounding scream came from the corner of this dimly lit room.
…Wait.
“Aqua?”
“…Eh? …Kazuma?”
Sitting in the corner was Aqua, hugging her knees to her chest while softly sobbing.
Aqua seemed confused for a moment, before her expression gradually twisted…
“K-Kazuma…! Waaaaah! Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san!”
She must have been pretty scared, because she stood up in a state of shock and immediately tearfully leapt at my chest.
At that moment, my innate good luck happened to activate my Auto-Evasion skill, and I elegantly stepped out of the way of that flying leap.
“Waaaaah! Bwaaaaah! Aaaaah!”
“Okay, okay, I’m sorry. I can’t help it, it’s an automatically triggered skill! Come on, I’m sorry, so stop crying already!”
After slamming into a wall face-first, Aqua has been crying non stop.
You normally end up in far more painful situations, so why now of all times…!
…No, it’s only natural to cry in such a situation. If I went through the same thing, I’d be crying too.
“Hey, keep quiet! We are in the Demon King’s castle! If you keep raising a fuss some of his underlings might come to investigate!”
“But, but…! When I thought we finally met up again, Kazuma, Kazumaaaaa!”
Ah, what a pain in the ass!
“Oh, come on, show me where you hit your face, I’ll fix it up for you… Heal!”
I extended my hand over to the bump on Aqua’s head and casted Heal.
Aqua immediately stopped crying, so it must have worked…
…No, wait, her eyes are widening…
“It-It healed… Kazuma, Kazuma, you used Heal…! Ah, aaah, aaaaah…! Waaaaah! You shitty NEET, you came all this way to steal my role!? You’re not content with just demoting me to the goddess of toilets, now you’ve stolen the only thing I’m good at, too! Alright, bring it on, you thieving NEET! My real enemy isn’t the Demon King, but you! Let’s settle this right now!”
“Stop being a pain in the ass! Do you have any idea how much trouble we’ve gone through while you were off getting lost like a fool!? You even left a letter practically begging us to come after you before running away from home! You really are a handful, you know that!?”
I vented my frustrations at her, and Aqua raised a clenched fist,
“Seems like I have no choice but to give you a taste of divine punishment…! I’ll make you regret angering the Goddess of Water! The water will refuse to come out of the shower just as you are washing your hair!”
“Your punishments are always so petty! Anyway… No, wait!”
After hearing footsteps in the distance, I activated a certain skill.
“I really did hear a woman’s voice.”
“That’s impossible. We are on the top floor, you know? The intruders are still wandering around somewhere on the first.”
That conversation accompanied the sound of footsteps as they drew closer.
The skill I activated was Eavesdrop, a special skill exclusive to the Dark Stalker advanced class.
The person who taught it to me said that despite the class having the word “Stalker” in its name, it’s actually closer to an Assassin and really cool, but…
Then, Aqua, who didn’t know that I picked up such a skill, said,
“What’s wrong? Why are you making funny faces all of a sudden? You’re not challenging me to a ‘who can make the funniest face’ contest, are you? I might be talented, but that would tarnish my image as a beautiful goddess, so…”
“Who the hell would challenge you to such a stupid game!? I’m not making strange faces, I’m focusing! Underlings of the Demon King are coming this way, hurry up and hide!”
Aqua and I scrambled to find a place in the dimly lit room to hide.
“Come to think of it, how did you end up here? Did you press the button too?”
“Yes, I fell for that sophisticated trap that exploits your desire to push something labeled ‘do not push’! I’m sure the Magic Sword Guy and the others will be here before too long.”
“Yeah, that is a fearsome trap that exploits reverse psychology. The others will definitely be here soon, so all we need to do is to buy time… Is there any place to hide…? Oh.”
“I found a pot!” x2
Aqua and I both found a pot large enough to hide a person, and both of us put our hands on it at the same instant.
“…Hey, I found this first. Go find somewhere else to hide.”
“You should be the one to go elsewhere… Ah!”
Opening the lid, I found the pot to be filled with water.
They must be using it to store drinking water.
Aqua let out a smile and brushed her hand through her hair,
“Oh my, seems like only I, the beautiful goddess who can breathe water, can hide in…!”
Seeing Aqua’s smug expression.
“What are you talking about?”
“Ah!”
I couldn’t help but deliver a kick to the pot.
The pot cracked open and spilled water everywhere.
“Did you hear that!? There’s definitely someone here!”
“Over there! It’s coming from that room!”
They must have been alerted by that noise. I could hear the voices of the approaching demons even without using the Eavesdrop skill.
“What should we do!? What should we do!?”
“Crap, I can’t believe I made such a mistake. It’s been a while since I interacted with you, so…!”
“I have no idea if you are stupid or smart! What should we do!? We’ll be discovered!──”
“──Who’s there!? Come on out!”
The door opened with a slam.
Aqua and I were hunkered down in a corner of the room in a last ditch effort to remain hidden.
Aqua had a firm grip on the hem of my clothes and pulled me in tightly, perhaps to take advantage of my Lurk skill.
We are both capable of seeing in the dark, so we were able to clearly make out the two demons who came in.
One of them was a knight clad in pitch-black armour.
The other one was a two meter tall ogre with reddish skin and a pair of horns growing from his head.
The two of them scanned through the room..
“…There’s no one here.”
“That’s strange. I could’ve sworn I heard something.”
And, coming from behind them, a voice said,
“No, there’s definitely something in that room. Something annoyingly bright to the point of being blinding!”
The voice of a ghost, wearing a tattered robe and pointing towards where Aqua was hiding, echoed directly in my brain.
“A mere undead, and a mere wraith at that, dares to call me annoying!? You sure are full of yourself! I’ll purify you until there’s nothing left!”
“Dammit, I knew nothing good would happen whenever you are with me!”
Aqua jumped out of the corner to confront the wraith pointing in our direction, and I followed after her with a resigned sigh, drawing the magic sword that Dust gave me.
“I knew it, intruders! Hurry up and get reinforcements… Wait. Don’t these guys seem… Kinda weak?”
“Yeah, doesn’t seem like we’ll have much trouble dealing with them. Are we doing this?”
“Seriously!? Please don’t make me deal with that woman! She’s really dangerous! She smells just like my worst kind of natural enemy!”
Pointing my sword at the Demon King’s underlings who started chatting amongst themselves, I declared to Aqua,
“Aqua, give me some support! Leave the vanguard to me. I’ve awakened to my true power in the short time we’ve been apart! Just stay back and bear witness to my mastery of a thousand skills!”
“Kyaa~! Kazuma-san, you’re so cool! Hey, Kazuma, do you need the buff that makes you a great actor!?”
“Please! That skill is really useful!”
As I took up a battle stance, the Demon King’s underlings did the same.
“T-These guys sure are noisy! Do they not have any sense of urgency!”
“Let’s do this! Let’s tear these two jokers to shreds!”
“I can feel my body growing fainter just by being near this woman!”
As Aqua prepared to cast her support magic, she said with a smile,
“Hey, Kazuma, even though we are in a crisis as usual, even though this isn’t an enviable position at all, for some reason, I feel like I’m having a lot of fun!”
“Dammit, me too! I’m conflicted about feeling this way, but this is just business as usual!”
Battle start──!
[Thanks to Kasen for the colouring]
After receiving Aqua’s buffs, we stood back to back.
“Aqua, I’ll leave that wraith to you.”
“I’ll take care of it! Ahahahaha! An undead who dares appear before me must really be tired of this world! What should I do with this wraith? How should I play around with him!?”
“Hey, I don’t know why, but this girl is really scary! She’s really dangerous! Sorry, but can I run away!?”
In some unknown room deep inside the Demon King’s castle, a wraith is being scared near witless by Aqua.
“Payne, let’s switch targets! You and I will take care of this beansprout-looking man! Noss, you take care of that woman that Payne is so afraid of!”
“Right, leave it to me! Payne, if you have to, go ahead and hide behind us!”
“What are you talking about? He’s a vanguard class with nothing but a sword! Dealing with such people is my specialty! Hey, little man, just so you know, physical attacks won’t work on me!”
The ogre-like guy I was facing off against shouted instructions to the rest.
The black knight started inching closer towards Aqua, and the ogre and wraith started advancing on me.
….At this rate, this can only end badly for us.
“Kazuma, now’s your chance! Use ‘that’! Your instant kill ‘that’!”
“That!? What do you mean by ‘that’!? I know I said I’ve awakened and whatnot, but do I really have some secret power that will show itself when I’m in a crisis?”
“!?” x3
The three monsters stopped in their tracks, wary of what they were hearing.
“What, no, Kazuma, you’re just an ordinary human that wouldn’t seem out of place anywhere in the world. I’m talking about that! You know, that thing you always do during such situations!?”
I looked back, and Aqua was pointing at her eyes.
…Oh, I see!
“Oh, that’s what you’re talking about! Eat this, Flash!”
“Guraaah!”
“Kyaaa!”
This spell would blind me too, but I’m not the kind of man who makes the same mistake twice.
After casting my spell while covering my eyes with my left hand, the ogre and the knight were sent staggering, clutching their eyeballs.
“Dammit, this brat…!”
“Cheap tricks like these…!”
It worked perfectly well on the ogre and the knight, but…
“Hah! I don’t rely on my eyes to see, so that won’t work on me!”
“What about it!? Your friends won’t be able to help you now! And by the time their eyesight returns, you’ll be gone from this world! Aqua, now’s your chance, do it!”
I taunted the wraith while giving instructions to Aqua at the same time…
“K-Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san! W-Where are you!?”
But Aqua was clutching at her eyes just like the two monsters in front of me.
“You are the one who told me to blind them in the first place, so why did you get blinded too!?”
“I didn’t know you learnt such a spell! What I was talking about was your underhanded combo with something earth and whatever breath!”
Aqua, her eyes tightly closed, wandered blearily around for a while before clutching onto my clothes.
Seeing our current state, the wraith let out a victorious crow.
“Too bad, little brat. Since physical attacks don’t work on me, you have no chance of victory! Haha!”
He extended both hands towards me, his face twisting into a wide smile.
His ghostly hands extended to an impossible length, and just before they touched me──
“L-Like I’ll let you!”
I hastily dragged Aqua who was clinging onto me in front and used her as a meat shield.
“Hyaaaaaa!” x2
The both of them screamed at the same time.
Just being close to Aqua is causing his body to grow fainter, so touching her directly is bound to hurt.
“Kazuma, what was that!? I felt really cold all of a sudden!”
“That heartless brat! How could you use your friend as a shield!? Aaah, my arm is disappearing!”
Aqua screamed, her eyes still tightly closed, while the wraith cried out while looking at his right arm.
“P-Payne, what is going on!? I know the woman is a bad match for you, but you should have no problems taking care of the guy, right?”
“I-I can’t do that! Noss, Logia, hurry up and regain your sight already!”
The knight shouted in the completely opposite direction to where the wraith is.
──Well, now I know all of their names.
Payne is the wraith, Noss is the knight, and Logia is the ogre.
Noss and Logia have yet to regain their sight.
And Logia just so happens to have his back turned to Noss, who had his sword raised in front of him.
──I see an opportunity!
“Noss, in front! That man is right in front of you! Get him!”
“Right!”
“Graaaaaagh!”
With the aid of the buff that Aqua casted on me, I imitated Payne’s to instigate Noss, who slashed Logia right across the back.
“Did I get him!?”
“You didn’t get him at all, Noss! You just cut Logia down! Aaah, how did it come to this… You bastard, stop fooling around! How did you imitate my voice so perfectly when we only just met!”
Payne threw himself over the fallen Logia and cried towards me.
“Ahhh, I cut down Logia!? W-What is going on!? Tell me what is going on, Payne!”
Hearing Payne’s cry of anguish, Noss shuddered.
“That man imitated my voice somehow! Noss, don’t do anything until your sight returns! If you cut me with that magic sword of yours, even I will be annihilated!”
“I-I see, okay! I’ll stay right here!”
Noss obeyed and instantly became stock still.
I quickly cleared my throat…!
“Yeah, just stay right there! Seriously, you are a real pain in the ass, you musclehead! I thought you were a fool for a while now, but I can’t believe you would drag us down like this at a time like this…!”
“P-P-P-Payne!? I-I-Is that what you really think of me!?”
“N-N-No! That was said by that man…! Damn you, what are you grinning about! I’ll kill you!”
While wary of Aqua who I’ve used as a meat shield earlier, Payne rushed over in a furious rage.
He thinks that Aqua is the only weapon I have capable of hurting him right now, but I have a magic sword too!
“Eat this!”
“Ouch! T-That is a magic sword!? Dammit, you look like a rookie at first glance, but you have some pretty good equipment on you! But now that I’m this close, the battle is mine! Eat this, the ultimate technique of the undead, Drain Touch!”
“Woaaah!?”
While Aqua and Noss were still struggling to regain their eyesight, Payne and I grappled with each other.
I stabbed at Payne with the magic sword that Dust gave me, while Payne grabbed me and started draining my mana.
“Dammit, get away from me! Heal! Heal!”
“Ow-ow-ow-ow! Y-You can use recovery magic too!? But too bad, it seems like my Drain Touch is sucking away more life force than your unpolished sword skills and your magic can take away!”
This isn’t good. My consciousness is starting to fade.
I wanted to use my anti-undead shield, but not only was Payne wary of me, even the shield herself is on guard against me, preventing me from making use of her.
I quickly shoved my left hand into Payne’s translucent body.
“What are you… Hyaaaaa!? Y-You, you are clearly a human, so why can you use Drain Touch!? S-S-S-Stop! I’m going to disappear!”
Using Drain Touch, I siphoned back the mana that Payne was draining from me.
The ghostly mana flowing around my body sent chills down my spine.
I get the feeling that accepting mana from an undead creature into your body isn’t terribly good for your health.
Now I understand why Wiz isn’t fond of draining mana from monsters.
Thinking back to the times I drained mana from Megumin and Aqua, I couldn’t help but…
“Graaaah! M-My body is… Why are you smiling like that!?”
“I’m thinking that there’s no meaning in draining mana from a ghost! I felt far more fulfilled when I drained mana from a beautiful female mage!”
“You drained mana from a beautiful female mage…!? S-So jealous…! I understand how you feel. If we met under different circumstances I would’ve loved to talk about drain feel… But right now we are enemies. It’s about time we settle this, human!”
…This bastard.
If only you weren’t a wraith, we could’ve shared a few drinks together…!
“Here I go, my serious Drain─!”
“God Blow!”
Just as we were about to go all out, Aqua punched Payne and destroyed him.
“Undead are but child’s play for my might. How was I? Wasn’t I cool?”
“You really need to learn how to read the mood one of these days…”
Aqua, fishing for praise, jumped all around me, but now is not the time for that…
“Y-You bastards, how dare you…!”
Noss, who regained his eyesight just like Aqua did, approached us, his heavy armour clanging.
I readied my sword, but to be honest, I’m not sure if any of my attacks would be able to make it past his plating.
“Hey, Aqua, this guy is acting like a protagonist seeking revenge for his fallen friends despite being the guy who cut them down in the first place.”
“As expected of a knight of the Demon King’s army, he truly is vile to the core.”
“Y-You were the one who set me up to cut down my friends! You still have the nerve to say that!?”
I tried to provoke him in order to throw him off, but as expected of an enemy of this caliber, he didn’t take the bait or give me an opening.
Facing a trained knight, there’s little chance I could exploit the gaps in his armour.
Even if I wanted to use Drain Touch on him, I couldn’t touch any part of his body.
…Suddenly, Noss slashed at me without any prior movement at all.
“D-Dodged!”
“…Hm? Well, you certainly are no slouch when it comes to dodging. I didn’t expect my blade to be dodged so cleanly…”
Fortunately, my Auto-Evasion skill activated, allowing me to deftly evade Noss’s sword.
This isn’t good. To be honest, I couldn’t even see his slash.
As expected of a knight guarding the last dungeon. There’s no way for me to defeat him in a straight up sword fight.
But as a gamer, I’m well aware that these muscleheads are weak to magic.
This is common knowledge in games of all kinds from the very beginning.
“Lightning!”
“!?”
I cast Intermediate Magic, and a bolt of blue lightning burst out from my outstretched right hand into Noss.
Noss trembled, sword slipping out of his hand.
“K-Kazuma-san really knows a lot of skills! You defeated your opponent in a head-on fight like the protagonist of some legend! This feels really strange!”
“S-Shut up. There are times when I feel like fighting properly, you know!?”
As Aqua excitedly shouted and celebrated, Noss picked up the sword that he dropped,
“Sorry to interrupt you while you are celebrating, but I was just startled. That spell only gave me a little jolt, that’s all.”
“…Don’t mind! Don’t worry about it, Kazuma! Though, I’m a little relieved.”
“Oh shut up! You two have been making fun of me for some time now! I was hoping to conserve my mana, but in this situation I have no choice but to use my trump card!”
“!?” x2
After hearing my declaration, Noss raised his sword in front of him and lowered his center of gravity.
Aqua looked on nervously behind me, but this is fine. There’s no need for her to worry.
I have a sure-fire move that will instantly take out any creature with low magic resistance.
“Is it a beam!? Are you finally going to shoot a beam!?”
Aqua excitedly hopped about as she fussed over me. Seems like she wasn’t worried about me at all.
I quietly chanted my spell while withstanding Aqua’s expectant gaze.
Upon seeing that, Noss lowered his stance even further.
“I don’t know what you are trying to do, but the moment you unleash your spell, I’ll pierce your stomach. I’ll even tell you what technique I’ll use. It’ll be a thrust. I’m going to run you through with a thrust. If you dodge this attack like before, the woman behind you will get hit instead.”
“…You heard that, Aqua!? You better dodge with all your might!”
“You’re talking like you’re already planning to dodge it! Hey, don’t you have any desire at all to protect this frail and beautiful goddess!?”
I observed Noss’s movements.
Right now, my chant has been concluded, and I can unleash the spell at any time.
I’m a little concerned about how Aqua is holding on to my back.
Is she planning to use me as a shield?
Using a companion as a meatshield is really unbecoming of a goddess, or even as a regular human being.
…Is she holding a grudge over how I used her as a shield against the wraith?
“…Just who are you people? Where did you come from? It was only a short while ago that I heard about the barrier being destroyed. Only the most skilled of intruders would be able to make it all the way to the upper floors… Though, I think the guys in charge of traps set this place as the destination for one of their teleport traps that they created as a joke…”
Noss muttered to himself, his sword wavering slightly, before suddenly looking up like he had some manner of revelation.
“Y-You… I didn’t think it was possible, but did you two fall for that joke of a trap?”
“T-T-That’s not it! I saw through that trap! I knew that this is the quickest way to the Demon King’s chambers, so I activated it on purpose!”
“Y-Yeah, me too. I knew that there was no way that could be an actual trap! My unclouded eyes identified it as a shortcut from the very start!”
In response to Aqua and my frantic explanations, Noss let out a prolonged “…Eeeh” before saying,
“You definitely fell for…”
“Don’t you dare finish that sentence! Eat this!”
The moment I unleashed my spell, Noss leapt at me with the tip of his sword pointed directly at my stomach.
Dammit, I was planning to take him by surprise, but his reactions are too fast!
If I had casted any other spell,  neither of us would be able to get out of this unscathed.
However, my trump card was…!
“Teleport!”
“!? Heheh, Teleport, huh!? Pity, but teleporting me is─!”
Noss kept his sword outstretched before him, but was whisked away before it could reach me.
For some reason, only his armour was left behind, which collapsed to the ground with a loud clatter.
“Teleport too…! How did this happen? This man really did have a trump card up his sleeve! …By the way, where did you send him?”
“Axel’s police station.”
Right now I have two locations registered as destination spots, directly in front of the police station in Axel, and the lowest level of the dungeon I went to with Vanir and Wiz.
I could’ve sent him to the dungeon, but I did make a promise with Vanir to go back there to haul all the remaining treasure back once we returned to Axel.
There is a chance that the knight would be waiting there to kill me the moment I teleported to the dungeon, so I chose not to take that risk.
“Wouldn’t the police officers cry if you sent someone like that over to them?”
“When you are in trouble, you should rely on the power of the state. They deal with the thugs in town and rowdy adventurers every day, so they should be able to deal with a single monster… Well, now that I’ve awakened, such opponents are but mere trifles to me.”
I said with a relaxed smile, and Aqua suddenly approached me with twinkling eyes,
“I’m relieved to see you’re still relying on others!  It’s really best that Kazuma-san has a bit of a small-fry aura about him!”
“Ahahaha, you little brat! If you keep saying such things, I’m going to teleport home by myself.”
“Oh, Kazuma-san, you’re such a joker! Ahahaha… It was a joke, right? You’re joking, right!?”
Ignoring Aqua’s whining, I looked around the room.
The only things left in this room was the corpse of the poor ogre who was cut down by his trusted companion and the armour that Noss was wearing.
“Why didn’t his armour get teleported with him?”
“…That guy who got transported probably had low magic resistance. You remember how that Dullahan had sacred magic resistance on his armour, right? If he fails to resist the spell, he might end up instantly losing depending on where he was sent. So he must have placed an enchantment on the armour to protect against teleportation. Which would be fine if it just prevented teleportation magic, but if he got ahead of himself and placed the enchantment on the armour itself…”
…………
“So the armour didn’t get transported, but the guy inside was? Isn’t it just defective, then?”
“I wouldn’t know. It just sounds like what a musclehead knight would do.”
…Seriously?
So, that guy who was so confidently telling me about how Teleport wouldn’t work on him actually ended up stark naked in front of the police station?
No, I’d like to think that he’s at least wearing clothes under his armour…
“I thought there was a problem with my instant kill technique, but if that’s the case, then it’s fine. Anyway, let’s just wait for the other guys to catch up.”
“Yeah. With a trap like that, I’m sure everyone will be with us before long.”
Indeed. This is a trap that even I fell for. I’m sure they’ll fall for it too.
Convinced of that, Aqua and I decided to sit in the corner of the room and wait for everyone else──
“They aren’t coming!” x2
I’ve lost track of how much time has passed since we were sent here.
Aqua and I busied ourselves with word games, but it didn’t seem like anybody was coming at all.
“What’s going on? Did no one else fall for that high-IQ trap? No, no, there’s no way…”
I muttered as I rubbed my chin, with Aqua nodding along,
“…Maybe they didn’t even notice that high-IQ trap? Megumin only ever thinks about breaking things, and Darkness only cares about finding hard objects to bang against. They aren’t the most perceptive of people.”
…That makes sense.
“Wait, hold on, doesn’t that means they’ve gotten lost and now we have to go out and find them?”
“Seems like it. Seriously, I take my eyes off them for just a moment and they get themselves lost. Those girls really can’t get by without me. Honestly!”
Despite we being the actual ones who got separated from the others, we mouthed off about the people who aren’t present.
…But we can’t stay here doing this forever.
Still, how do we meet up with the others?
I searched the room while we were waiting, but it doesn’t seem like there’s a return magic circle on this end.
Noss said that this place is on the upper floors.
In other words, we are currently at the very end of the final dungeon.
“…Say, Aqua, which do you think is better? Exploring the Demon King’s castle filled with traps and danger lurking around every corner by ourselves, or just teleporting back home?”
“The ‘teleport home’ option has my support.”
We really are on the same page when it comes to such things.
“…I would really like to do that too, but Darkness and Megumin who are so in love with me would never give up on me and go home, so I’m a little conflicted.”
“Yeah… I don’t think the two of them who worship me will retreat without seeing me first.”
While saying things that would definitely make the people in question angry if they were present, Aqua and I continued to dawdle.
──Just then,
“Hmm? I think I heard some footsteps. Hold on a bit.”
I activated my Eavesdrop skill and focused on the area outside…
“Reinforcements! Call for reinforcements!”
“Get the guys from the upper floors to come down too! The intruders are going crazy out there! The guys who destroyed the barrier are coming up!”
“Nooo! I was told that being a guard at the Demon King’s castle was a safe and stable job! I think I forgot to feed my Neroid today, so can I go home!?”
Seems like Mitsurugi and Yunyun are causing quite the scene while looking for us.
…In that case, wouldn’t it be safer to wait here?
“Sounds like the others are on a rampage. They seem to be making their way up fast.”
“As expected of the legendary attendants I’ve chosen… The brave heroes that carve a path through the Demon King’s castle in order to rescue the goddess. Doesn’t it sound like it came straight out of a storybook?”
“To be more specific, rescuing a goddess who ran away from home, got lost, fell into a trap, and ended up trapped in the Demon King’s castle for no reason.”
Aqua disgruntledly poked at my shoulder after hearing my comment.
…Speaking of which,
“You should apologize to Megumin and Darkness when you see them. When we get home, Darkness will definitely give you an earful. And I know Megumin usually ends up in trouble along with you, but I don’t think she’ll defend you this time.”
“…Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, I’ll give you a special, funny-shaped stone when we get home, so could you cover for me? I do feel a little remorseful this time.”
I do want to ask why just “a little”, but it wouldn’t do anyone any good to make her cry here.
Plus, I’m sure those two will be happy to pick up any slack I give her now.
──In truth, there were a whole bunch of things I wanted to say to Aqua after I caught up with her.
Like how the normally lazy me had to venture deep into a dungeon to gain enough power to chase after her, and how I spent most of my fortune in order to break through the barrier, and how worried the people back at Axel are for her.
Not to mention how even Wiz and Vanir, normally the enemies of goddesses, agreed to help her.
And how we ran into all sorts of troubles during our trip, and how utterly hopeless the Axis Cultists are.
There were plenty of things I wanted to complain to her about, but when I looked at her relieved face…
“Hmm? Why are you looking at me like that? Are you perhaps moved by seeing the beautiful form of a goddess after so long? If you’ve developed any bit of respect for me, you should make all my favourite dishes for dinner from now on… Ow-Ow-Ow! It hurts! Sorry for getting full of myself! Ah, but a part of me kinda missed this scene!”
Just as I pulled on Aqua’s cheeks, who despite being punished, seemed just a little happy…
“Alright, listen up! The large detachment led by the Demon King’s daughter to fight humans to the death has overwhelmed the knights at the capital! If she comes back to find that we, the custodians of the castle, were unable to stop a few intruders, it’ll be all on our heads! Search every room on every floor! Find the intruders and cut them to pieces!”
Those words reached my ears──
“──Hey, Kazuma, are you really going to do this? I’ve been through quite a lot so far, but I feel like what you are about to do is far worse.”
“What’s the point in saying that? If they find us here, it’s all over. I’m scared too, and you’re the one who wandered out to the Demon King’s castle in the first place. And isn’t this the best chance for us to defeat the Demon King?”
At this rate, it’s only a matter of time before we are discovered, so I formulated a plan to get us out of this…
“Sure, but, I don’t really care about the Demon King right now. I was really relieved when I saw you, and I kinda just want to meet up with the other two and go home.”
What a lousy goddess. Why did you even write that letter, then?
…But I know exactly how she feels.
“I don’t particularly want to face the Demon King either, but everyone is already giving it their all. What do you think would happen if the two of us went ‘yeah, the Demon King is too scary, so let’s just go home’ after all that they’ve been through?”
“I wouldn’t be surprised if we got stoned.”
“Right? So let’s get out of this room and meet up with the others. After that, I have a plan that will work as long as we can get into the Demon King’s room. I’ll show you my true special move.”
Saying that, I put on my helmet.
──The helmet came from the knight that I fought earlier.
I never found out what kind of monster Noss was, but his armour didn’t have the stench of an animal, so he might be surprisingly similar to a human.
It’s a little too big, but it was still light enough that I could move around while wearing it.
“What kind of special move!? Is it a beam? Are you going to shoot a beam for real this time!? Or could it be that you learnt my Party Tricks─!”
“Of course not. Enough of that, get ready. Cast that actor’s buff on me again. And I will… Kukuku… Seems like it’s finally time to make use of this…”
With a sinister smile on my face, I took out the potion that Assassin-san in Axel gave to me.
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, I don’t think that is something that a hero trying to defeat the Demon King should use. My goddess instincts are telling me to purify that potion at once.”
“D-Don’t do that. Honestly, I’m not sure about it myself… The assassin who taught me my special move also gave me this potion. I don’t mind getting my hands dirty for the sake of the world. For the sake of my friends and everyone, I’ll give it my all so that I won’t have any regrets.”
While preventing Aqua from doing anything unnecessary, I poured the potion over the sword that Dust lent me.
“You’re saying some cool-sounding lines, but you are straying further and further away from the path of the hero. I really think you should choose your friends better.”
“I’m already hanging out with the patron goddess of the Axis Cult, so it’s a little too late to be saying that now… Hey, stop! It’s an expensive potion, so don’t purify it!”
I hastily sheathed the potion-coated sword.
“…Good. Are you ready? Then, let’s go.”
“I’m ready to go at any time… Kazuma, don’t go too far, okay? If your attitude is too annoying, I won’t be able to put up with it. I don’t mean to brag, but I don’t have a lot of patience.”
After spending all this time with you, I know better than anyone how short on patience you are.
Opening the door to the room, I shouted out in Noss’s voice.
“I found an intruder!”
A group of monsters clad in black armour surrounded us. One of them, a giant, goat-headed monster with a large double-headed axe on his back, shook his head and said,
“…It’s no good. Logia is as dead as a doornail. The man who left this woman behind must be very skilled. Look at Logia’s wound. It’s like he received a single fatal blow while he was completely defenseless.”
Well, it is true that he was completely defenceless when he received that blow.
Hearing the goat-headed monster’s conclusion, the lizard-headed monster who was currently pointing a weapon at Aqua angrily exclaimed,
“Dammit, revenge for Logia! Let’s turn this woman into minced meat!”
“W-What, you want to go!? I’m strong, you know!? The Axis Cult didn’t put their faith in me for nothing!”
Aqua struck up a stance to intimidate the lizard-headed man, and all the monsters surrounding her suddenly turned pale and leapt back.
“Axis Cultist!? This girl is an Axis Cultist!”
“Crap, I just talked to an Axis Cultist!”
“Don’t get any closer, I don’t want to catch it!”
“Hey, I’m not doing it! I don’t want to get involved with the Axis Cult!”
“Oh, wow, look at that blue hair. She’s definitely an Axis Cultist!”
After gaining some distance from us, the monsters started whispering that amongst themselves.
“Uwah! Hey, Noss, you keep a firm grip on her, you hear!?”
“That was close. I was this close to touching an Axis Cultist.”
Aqua wanted to jump at the monsters after hearing what they said, and the monsters all shrunk back in fear upon seeing her demeanour.
The mad dog of the Axis Cult… I mean, Aqua, is currently attached to me with the rope that I used for Bind that’s tied around her neck.
Aqua said that it’s better than having her arms or legs bound and being unable to move, but now that we are in this situation…
“Hey, Noss, just dump that thing outside the castle… Seriously, you might be skilled, but you really need to work on your smarts… She’s an Axis Cultist, you know? Noss, aren’t you afraid of her? Do you even know what the Axis Cult is?”
The goat-headed monster, which seems to be like their leader, asked me.
…Yes, me, who is currently passing myself off as Noss who “captured” Aqua.
Judging from what the goatman said, Noss really was a musclehead.
I remember his voice well enough, but I’m not quite sure what kind of tone I should use…
Putting my hand to my throat, I thought back to our brief encounter…
“No, no, sir, we can’t do that! This girl is our trump card against that guy who ran away! That Kazuma guy is a formidable opponent that’s skilled in both sword and magic. But as long as we have this girl as a hostage, our victory is assured! Let’s use her to draw out the intruders who are rampaging through the castle!”
For some reason, the monsters who heard me say those words in Noss’s voice shrunk back.
W-What’s going on?
I’m pretty sure I nailed the voice…
“H-Hey, Noss, did you hit your head during the battle? You weren’t all that smart to begin with, but now you speak like some low-born thug. Didn’t you use to conduct yourself like a proper knight? You said it’d make you seem more cultured…”
“And taking a woman as a hostage, too. You sure have picked up some bad habits…”
“I’m a little taken aback…”
As the monsters started whispering amongst each other, the goat-headed one placed a hand on his chin.
“…Hmm, considering that someone as strong as you is calling him a skilled foe, it’d be best to have a trump card or two when confronting him. Okay, Noss! Take that woman and follow us! Make sure you keep an eye on her! Don’t let her come near us, you hear!?”
After emphasizing that point, the goat-headed monster turned around…
And Aqua silently rushed over and patted him all over the back.
“Ah! Mammon-sama was touched by an Axis Cultist!”
“Geh! Mammon-sama, keep your distance!”
“Noss! I told you to keep an eye on her! Cut it out, Axis Cultist! Go over there! Shoo! Shoo!”
──We walked through the dark corridors of the Demon King’s castle along with the other monsters.
A few of them were carrying torches, so probably not all of them were capable of seeing in the dark.
…If our cover is blown, I can put the torches out for a quick distraction.
I was walking at the back of the group along with Aqua.
Luckily, none of the monsters seem eager to avenge their comrades on Aqua, so everything is proceeding smoothly.
My current goals are to maintain this charade until we can meet up with Mitsurugi and the others, and if possible find out where the Demon King is.
…Just then,
“Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san.”
Aqua walking slightly in front of me, whispered.
The monsters were treating Aqua like some kind of deadly pathogen, keeping their distance from us, but even so I didn’t feel comfortable talking to her right now.
“What? I told you not to talk to me, right?”
I whispered back, and Aqua said with a serious look on her face,
“I can’t take this situation for much longer. Why are they treating me like some kind of disease? This is no way to treat a goddess. I was expecting something more like fitting the image of a goddess captured by the forces of evil. This feels more like a rabies-infected beast getting cordoned away.”
“Put up with it for a little while more. With this many people here, even running away is a little… Oh, seems like we’re here.”
Aqua and I were brought to a large hall with weapons racked up everywhere. There were also over a dozen knights wearing the same armour as me standing in the room.
The entire place feels like a halloween attraction.
…Just as Aqua and I hesitated upon seeing that room,
“Hey, you guys, we caught one of the intruders! From the reports, it seems like the rest are scarily strong. Strong enough to rattle the entire castle to its foundations, and there is the fear that in a straight-up fight, we might not be able to protect the Demon King! However, Noss came up with a great plan to deal with them… Namely, using this girl as a hostage to wipe out all the intruders in one fell swoop!”
“Ooooh!” x6
The knights in the hall raised their voices in unison.
Seems like Megumin’s little rampage really shook the Demon King’s forces quite badly.
…Well, it’s only natural. The barrier that had rendered their homebase and fortress secure for who knows how long has been violently brought down in just a few minutes, after all.
Plus, their strongest gatekeeper has been defeated, and intruders are now running freely throughout the castle.
“We’re saved…”
“Still, using a girl as a hostage… I thought Noss was a decent guy, but to think that he could come up with such an idea…”
“It’s a little disgraceful to be taking hostages. Such tactics should be the domain of the middle management. We are the Elite Guard of the Demon King, you know? Should we really do something like this?”
As the Demon King’s knights started chatting amongst themselves, the goat headed-man headed deeper into the room.
There seemed to be some kind of magic item in the back.
He shouted into the cigarette-box sized object…
“This is the captain of the Demon King’s Elite Guard! We’ve captured one of the intruders! All units currently in combat with the intruders are to inform them of this fact! The one we captured is a priest of the Axis Cult! Tell them to surrender if they want to keep her alive!”
Mammon announced before sitting down on the chair with a smile.
The monsters nervously waited in silence.
Aqua has been surprisingly quiet so far.
…Actually, she just yawned, didn’t she?
Is she relieved because I can teleport us out if something goes wrong?
While I was at a loss for words by her lack of urgency, Mammon turned towards us,
“Hey, woman, how many intruders are there? Tell me everything you know if you don’t want to get hurt… In particular, tell me about that super-skilled Kazuma guy who ran away without you. What class is he? What about his equipment? His fighting style? Personality? Past accomplishments? Tell me everything you know.”
Perhaps to kill time until Mitsurugi and the others were captured, Mammon questioned Aqua about me.
This isn’t good. It’d be problematic if they caught on to what I’m doing if Aqua says something unneeded.
“I don’t mind telling you, but I’m getting a little thirsty, so bring me a cup of tea.”
“This woman!”
One of the knights rose to his feet after hearing Aqua’s willful request.
…But Mammon stopped him with a wave of his hand,
“Go and brew some tea for her. It’s going to be her last cup anyways, so use some of the top-grade leaves.”
With the authority of the man in charge, Mammon commanded one of the knights to make some tea.
“…So, let’s start with the number of intruders, and the class of that Kazuma guy. So, what class is he? A Crusader? Or perhaps a Swordmaster? Judging from the wounds left on Logia’s body, I doubt he’s a magic-using class.”
“Including me, there are about eight of us. And Kazuma’s class is Adventurer.”
The room fell into silence upon hearing Aqua’s response.
Then──
“Bwahahahaha!” x5
Aqua and I were suddenly surrounded by raucous laughter.
“Adventurer!? The weakest class, Adventurer, you say!? At least try and keep your lies realistic! How would such a person make their way into the castle in the first place!? Bahahaha! …Ah, I see, so he’s your porter, huh? And then he placed all his skill points into sword wielding, is that right?”
Mammon said between bouts of laughter, but Aqua shook her head.
“You don’t get it. Kazuma-san can use the sword, but he’s also good with magic. He even learnt Recovery magic behind my back. He can also use Teleport and various others skills like the undead-exclusive Drain Touch… Ah, thanks.”
Aqua thanked the knight upon receiving the cup of tea.
As the room fell back into silence, only the sound of Aqua sipping her tea could be heard.
“Hey, this is just plain water.”
The cup in Aqua’s hand is, indeed, filled with just hot water.
“Hey, stop messing with her with such petty tricks. Do you intend to drag my name through the mud!? I understand your anger after losing Logia and Payne, but stop doing stupid things!”
At Mammon’s reprimand, the knight hastily took back the cup from Aqua and wandered off to pour a fresh cup of tea, scratching his head the whole while.
…Looks like she turned the tea to water. Cut it out, stop infuriating them for no reason.
Mammon cleared his throat and straightened his posture,
“Pardon my subordinate for his actions. Anyway, you said Drain Touch? That’s supposed to be a rare skill that only undead can use… Well, nevermind, let’s move on. Tell me about his equipment. Does he have some legendary-tier weapons that the black-haired, black-eyed people usually possess? In that case, I can understand how he took out both Logia and Payne. But we know how to counter those types. We just need to hit him with Steal…”
Mammon trailed off, and Aqua added,
“Kazuma-san’s equipment is just common gear you can buy in any town. He’s clashed with your Generals several times using just a cheap short sword he bought. Right now, he’s using an imitation Japanese sword with the strange name that he commissioned. He likes to swing it around in the middle of the night going ‘Judgement! Judgement!’ …Oh, thanks.”
Aqua accepted a fresh cup of tea, and the room once again fell silent.
Also, she noticed the secret sword practice I did late at night?
I really wish she wouldn’t reveal my embarrassing moments so easily…
──Then, one of the knights said.
“…I think I’ve heard about him before. That man named Satou Kazuma… If I’m not wrong, he’s the guy who has been taking out our Generals one by one… ”
As the room once again fell silent in response to his words, Aqua said,
“This is just hot water.”
Mammon slugged the knight who made the tea away as he closed in on Aqua with a tense look on his face.
“Is-Is that man the same Satou Kazuma who has been defeating our Generals?”
“He’s the same person. He’s involved in the defeat of most of your Generals. Beldia, Vanir, Hans, Silvia, Wolbach, and Serena. As far as I know, those are the Generals that Kazuma has defeated.”
Aqua eloquently listed my achievements.
“Apart from that… He took out the monster pretending to be Elroad’s prime minister, and is also the one who defeated the mobile fortress Destroyer, and many other high bounty targets as well.”
Apart from Aqua and Mammon talking, the room was totally silent.
In the middle of this silence, the sound of someone gulping could be heard.
Hearing that, Aqua, who seemed to be taking great enjoyment in scaring the knights, continued,
“What was your next question? You wanted to know his fighting style and his personality, right? He is, in a word, devious. He’s devious and underhanded, and has an extremely sharp mind. In combat, he will never fight you head-on. Instead, he would do something like using Farsight and Night Vision skills to observe you from afar before taking you out with Snipe, or hide from sight using Lurk in order to launch a sneak attack from behind.”
Just who are you calling devious and underhanded? I’m going to whack you upside the head later.
“Snipe and Lurk…”
Mammon nervously muttered to himself, and Aqua accepted the fresh cup of tea that the knight brought to her.
“Yes, Lurk. And he has the Enemy Detection skill, so even if you hide, he’ll probably still know exactly where you are… In fact… He might be in this very room!”
“Eeek!” x6
As the knights screamed out in fear at Aqua’s threats, I rested my hand on the hilt of my sword so I could cut down Mammon at any time.
Actually, why did you tell them about my skills? What’s the point of keeping them on high alert?
As Mammon nervously kept watch on his surroundings, Aqua carefully sipped from her cup.
“It’s hot water again.”
“Wait! That’s really strange! I really did brew tea… No, wait, Mammon-sama, you have the wrong idea! I definitely did pour her a cup of tea!”
Just as Mammon stood up and was about to lay into the poor knight who Aqua had set up──
“Mammon-sama, we’ve caught the intruders! One of them was a terrifyingly skilled warrior with a powerful magic sword, but he fell in line when we told him we had the blue-haired woman hostage!”
A knight burst into the room and reported.
Sighs of relief echoed throughout the hall, one of which came from Mammon.
He turned to the newly arrived knight,
“Great, bring them in! Well done! And, Noss! Your plan worked out! I’ll be sure to reward you later!”
Saying that, his goat face broke out into a smile.
A squad of armoured knights came in the hall, escorting a group of familiar faces.
Mitsurugi was in the lead, and following him was everyone else who entered the castle.
“Aqua-sama, you are unharmed!?”
Mitsurugi exhaled in a great sigh of relief upon seeing Aqua casually enjoying her cup of tea in the back.
Darkness, Megumin, and Yunyun’s expressions also seemed to soften a little upon seeing Aqua’s face.
As for Mitsurugi’s two hanger-ons, they simply stood there clutching their weapons in their hands.
When Mammon noticed that they still had on to their weapons…
“Oh, pardon me, but I’m going to have to ask you to put those weapons aside. I didn’t want to resort to such tasteless tactics, but after hearing this woman say such scary things about you, I have no choice. Hey, you over there! You are that Kazuma guy, right? Throw away your weapon and come here!”
Mammon pointed towards Mitsurugi.
“That’s not him.”
Aqua casually said while sipping tea.
“That man is the Magic Sword Guy. Kazuma-san isn’t with them.”
“!?”
The knights in the room jumped up in panic upon hearing that.
Mammon, who had been relaxed before, started to warily glance around the room once again.
Just how scared of me is this goat-headed, mid-boss looking guy?
I even told her not to say anything unnecessary because it’d be less likely to work if they are on their guard.
This is all because Aqua decided to have some fun and scare them.
“Tsk, yes, the numbers don’t line up… Right, okay, just this woman is enough to serve as a hostage. Take care of the others. Don’t you dare resist now! Who knows what would happen to her if you resist…!”
“Dammit…!”
Mammon said that clichéd line like a third-rate villain, and Mitsurugi gritted his teeth in an equally clichéd way.
Megumin and Darkness seemed to be considering their next move.
“Drop your weapons! You guys, surround them!”
…This isn’t good. At this rate things will just get worse and worse.
I stepped forward and sidled up next to Mammon.
“There’s no need to rush into this, Sir Mammon! Payne and Logia won’t rest easy if we give them such an easy death! Please, let me take care of this!”
“E-Er, I see. Well, you did know the two of them best. Then I’ll leave them to you… But seriously, do you intend to continue speaking like that?”
After receiving Mammon’s permission, I pulled on the rope around Aqua’s neck.
I was signaling her to keep an eye out for a chance to run towards Mitsurugi and the others.
“I’m trying to change my image, Sir… Alright, take a good look at this, you fellows. At the end of this rope is your companion, trembling in fear!”
“She’s drinking tea.”
At Megumin’s rebuttal, I turned back to see Aqua calmly seated in her chair sipping tea while holding the rope around her neck in her hand.
I really want to give this idiot who couldn’t read the mood even at this stage a good smack.
…Dammit, change of plans.
“Hey, Crusader girl!”
“!?”
I suddenly called out to Darkness, who jumped up in shock with her greatsword still raised.
Sorry, Darkness, but I need to put this Mammon guy off his guard first.
“First off, throw away your weapon. If you don’t, you know what would happen to this girl casually drinking tea over here…”
“…Understood. I wouldn’t be able to hit anyone anyways… There. Would this be fine?”
Darkness threw her sword on the ground just as I instructed.
As she said herself, she’s just as effective barehanded as she is with her sword.
And seeing one of the intruders throw away their weapon, Mammon and the other knights naturally relaxed just a little.
Instead of urging the others to disarm too, I focused on Darkness and said.
“Next… Well, I’ve taken quite a liking to that wicked-looking armour of yours. Let’s get you out of it.”
“What!? T-This armour is…! N-No! This armour, this armour is…!”
I thought she would follow my instructions, but Darkness is surprisingly stubborn.
“You won’t take your armour off!? Don’t you know what situation you’re in? What happens to a female knight who is captured after entering the Demon King’s castle… I’m sure you understand what is going to happen, don’t you? Now, take off your armour in full view of all these people!”
“Y-You..! You…!”
“Woooow…” x5
Darkness blushed and clenched her teeth, and, for some reason, the knights around me suddenly let out an incredulous voice.
“I can’t believe it. Noss, I’m really disappointed in you.”
“I never expected you to be this vile… So you were putting on an act all this time…”
“H-Hey, Noss, I did say I’ll leave it to you, but this is a little…!”
It’s a bit of a shock to see that all the other knights including Mammon were taken aback.
I focused on Darkness and gave her further instructions,
“Heheh… I’m sure you have a very ripe body hidden beneath that armour…! Now then, this is for the great cause of saving your friend’s lives, so hurry up and strip!”
“G-Great cause…! N-No, I’m not the kind of person who can be brought to heel by a man I don’t even know…! Aaah… What is with your enthralling gaze and irresistible aura…!? Just who are you, to be such a perfect match for my desires…!?”
Flushed bright red all over, Darkness muttered to herself as she fumbled with the straps holding her armour together.
Eventually, the pieces of her armour fell to the ground, revealing her pale shoulders.
[Thanks to Kasen for the colouring]
“Oooh!” x6
…Whoops, I raised my voice along with the other knights without realizing it.
“I-I… I won’t let this embarrassment get the better of me!”
Darkness, her face completely red, looked straight at me with expectation in her eyes.
Though I’m a little concerned at how Megumin was giving the stink eye.
…Megumin might be sharp, but there’s no way she saw through the disguise, right?
──Just then,
“Stop! I can’t let you get away with this! You might be a part of the Demon King’s army, but you’re all still knights, aren’t you!? Aren’t you ashamed of treating a young maiden like this!? Don’t you have the guts to face me head on!?”
Mitsurugi yelled through gritted teeth, misreading the mood completely.
Mammon straightened his posture, as though hearing those words were a slap to his face.
Dammit, why did he have to interrupt the fun?
A disappointed sigh echoed through the room from the other knights.
…Actually, I think Darkness looks the most disappointed of us all.
──Mammon took a step forward.
In doing so, he exposed his defenceless back towards me.
Mammon’s yellow goat eyes glinted in the dark…
“Hey, Noss, there’s no need to go any further! We already have her as a hostage, so such acts are unnecessary. Now, everyone, surround them! I’ll deal with the magic sword guy myself. If Kazuma isn’t here, this will be a cakewalk!”
The moment he spat that out, he placed both hands on his giant double-headed axe.
“Kazuma? Are you talking about Satou Kazuma? Compared to him, I’m far stronger! My name is Mitsurugi Kyouya. I’m the reasonably famous Swordmaster with the magic sword!”
Mammon lowered his stance, facing Mitsurugi who described me like I was some small fry.
The tension in the room slowly rose.
“Oh? Are you that afraid of our Kazuma?”
At which point, Megumin, her staff at the ready, said in a tone that seemed more suited to making small talk than anything else.
“What? Who’d be afraid of some sneaking coward!?”
Darkness, who was scrambling to pick up and reattached the pieces of her armour that she discarded, said,
“Don’t underestimate that man. After all, almost every enemy that has gotten involved with him has met an unseemly end… Of course, you are no exception.”
Darkness said while looking directly at me. Honestly, it’s hard to tell if that was a compliment or an insult.
Just so you know, the same applies to almost everyone that’s gotten involved with you.
“Shut up! Shut up! My name is Mammon! I’m the captain of the Demon King’s Elite Guard that protects this hall leading into the Demon King’s room! In a straight up fight, not even the Generals would be a match for me! There’s no reason to be afraid of a man who hasn’t the guts to even show his face!”
The knights raised their weapons to Mammon’s declaration, and Mitsurugi slowly unsheathed his sword.
Yunyun held her wand behind her back, her eyes shining bright red as she took up a position to be able to start chanting at any time.
Seems like they are all ready to go.
I grabbed the sword at my waist and eyed Mammon’s openings──
“Really? You were so jumpy just a short while ago. Are you really not afraid of Kazuma-san? He might even be right next to you, you know?”
Despite still being a hostage, Aqua casually and fearlessly taunted the giant goat-headed man.
…She probably thinks that I’ll find a way to get her out if something goes wrong.
I need to have a good, long talk with her if we make it safely back to town.
“I told you, I’m not afraid of him! Hey, Satou Kazuma, can you hear me!? You damned coward who only knows to sneak around! You must be on this level, right!? If you can hear me, come out right now and name yourself!”
I took off my helmet and plunged my sword into the back of Mammon’s head.
“Yes, Kazuma the Coward here. Nice to meet you.”
Quickly pulling my sword that shallowly stabbed into Mammon’s head, I leapt back to put some distance between us.
The skill that I learnt from Assassin-san, Deadly Backstab, has a small chance of instantly killing the target if used from behind while they aren’t aware of my presence.
There are a lot of conditions that need to be fulfilled for it to be usable, but it’s a perfect fit for me.
I don’t know if it is the effects of the skill or the poison, but Mammon fell forward after flapping his mouth like a goldfish.
Having someone that they thought of as an ally suddenly turn out to be me threw the knights around me into chaos.
“H-He’s here!”
“He killed Mammon-sama!”
“How despicable can this man be!? He’s lower than a beast!”
“Eh!? W-What!? How could this happen! Are you still human!?”
To their credit as the Demon King’s Elite Guard, the knights quickly regained their composure, and three of them came charging at me.
“Light of Saber!”
On the opposite end of the hall, Yunyun unleashed her signature spell to cut a knight in twain.
Taking this as a signal, Darkness rushed straight for me, paying no heed to any of the attacks the knights in her way sent towards her.
Mitsurugi followed her after a moment’s pause, and the hall quickly turned into a pitched battle.
“That man is dangerous! Surround him and get him together!”
The knight in front of me said while taking up a guarded stance, and the knights on either side of him wordlessly nodded.
I pointed my sword at the three of them and said.
“Oh, going three on one with me? You guys really bring shame to the title of a Knight. I can’t believe these are the much vaunted Demon King’s Elite Guards!”
“Y-You’re not one to talk! I don’t want to hear that from someone who stripped their female friend at swordpoint and killed Mammon-sama by surprise!”
“I-I can’t believe the nerve of this guy…!”
“That’s enough. There’s no need for us to go along with this man’s pace─”
And, the moment the last knight showed the slightest opening…
“Bind!”
“!? Eh? Wait!”
Interrupting him in the middle of his sentence, the rope in my hand coiled up like a living creature and shot towards him.
“Ow-ow-ow! Hey, Kazuma, it hurts!”
…And reeled in Aqua who still had the other end of the rope around her neck.
“Guah, dammit! Not only does he sneak attack Mammon-sama, but he also has no qualms about catching his companions in his attacks! What a scumbag! I let my guard down! The rest is up to you guys!”
Being called a scumbag hurts, but there’s no way I can tell him that I honestly forgot that Aqua was still attached to the other end of the rope.
“Kazuma-san! Kazuman-san! This guy’s armour is so hard that it hurts! Can I use my magic to dispel this bind!?”
“Hang in there for just a short while! I’ll take care of these two right away!”
I replied as I carefully raised my sword to face the other two knights.
Seeing that, the two knights lowered their center of gravity.
“He might be a scumbag, but he still neutralized one of us in the blink of an eye. Don’t let your guard down. We go on the count of three.”
“Leave it to me. One, two, three, right?”
As the two knights discussed tactics in front of me, I focused on the voice of one of them…
“No, I think we should go with just one signal. Or maybe it’d be best to count to ten…”
“Eh? Eh? Which one is it?”
“Cut it out! Stop imitating my voice, you bastard!”
As I was sowing chaos between the two of them, we were interrupted by a shouted warning,
“The Crusader is heading your way!”
The two knights facing me glanced over…
“Woah!?”
“W-W-What is this!?”
“S-Stop her! Don’t let her get over to them!”
“This girl is unstoppable! No matter how we cut her, it doesn’t phase her at all!”
Completely ignoring the blades and fists getting sent her way, Darkness rushed over the length of the hall with two knights clinging onto her waist, futilely trying to stop her.
“Kazuma, Aqua, I’m here to help! …Kuh, h-hey, Kazuma, give me a hand! These two just won’t let go…!”
“What kind of help are you trying to give by dragging two knights over here!? Now it’s two against four!”
The two knights let go of Darkness and, together with the other two knights, formed a small semi-circle around us.
──Just then, I heard a triumphant voice.
“Heheh, then, what about turning this into a three versus four?”
The person who said that was Aqua, standing there with a huge smile on her face after dispelling my Bind.
Of course, dispelling my Bind means that the knight who was bound together with her is now free…
“S-Say, Kazuma, I feel like the situation suddenly turned against us. Is it my imagination!?”
“Why do I have to face down five knights with a useless Crusader and Priest!? Are you guys idiots!?”
While we were having that exchange, all five of them pointed their swords at me and me alone.
It seems like Aqua’s flowering of my reputation worked a little too well, and the knights agreed to focus on me first.
This isn’t good, if five Demon King’s Elite Guard were to attack me at once, I’ll definitely die!
I wanted to hide behind Darkness, but the knights immediately charged at me the moment I made the slightest move.
“Decoy!”
The knight’s blades suddenly shifted towards Darkness.
The blades left shallow scratches in her armour, along with scattering several strands of blonde hair to the wind.
The knights that were aiming at me seemed taken aback by the fact that their blades found Darkness instead.
“I-I can’t believe I was affected by a Decoy skill…”
“Dammit, this Crusader is stirring up my abusive instincts… I feel itchy all over if I don’t stab her with my sword…!”
As the knights voiced surprise at their actions, a certain red-faced pervert who was breathing heavily even as several swords were thrust at her opened her mouth,
“Kuh, as expected of the elite of the Demon King’s army, you have a good thrust…! But I alone shall withstand all your attacks! Now, unleash all your wild savagery upon me! Come on! Hurry up! Hurry up and stab me!”
The knights, perhaps taking Darkness’s eagerness as some kind of trap, warily backed away.
Then, one of the five suddenly collapsed to the ground.
“Aqua-sama, are you alright!?”
I looked over to Mitsurugi, and found that all the knights apart from the ones that surrounded us have already been taken out.
One of the knights swiftly turned to the new intruder and lashed out with a wild slash, but…
“!? What… M-My demonic blade is…!?”
“This magic sword is a legendary weapon bestowed upon me by the Goddess herself! There’s nothing it cannot cut!”
Mitsurugi cleaved the knight’s sword in twain as easily as slicing through some vegetables, and his second stroke reduced the knight to a similar fate.
“This man is far more dangerous than that scumbag over there! We need to take care of him─ Ah!”
The knight who said that met a similar fate at Mitsurugi’s sword.
Seeing that, two of the knights attacked at once, but…
“Rune of Saber!”
Mitsurugi’s sword glowed brightly, and he cut the two of them down with a single stroke.
“This man once again did something unnecessary…”
Darkness dejectedly muttered after Mitsurugi protected her.
…I have to say, this guy’s magic sword is really unfair.
Do all the Japanese sent to this world apart from me have a similarly broken cheat on them?
Mitsurugi sheathed his sword with a flourish and took Aqua’s hand in his own.
“Aqua-sama, are you hurt?”
“I’m fine. More importantly, I need to heal Darkness’s wounds…”
Aqua looked at Mitsurugi with a troubled expression on her face.
“Ah, m-my apologies!”
“…I don’t really mind, but if you are going to commit sexual harassment so casually, you’re going to end up just like our Kazuma.”
Looking around, I said to Mitsurugi as he hastily pulled his hand back at Aqua’s warning.
“You are really strong. Couldn’t you defeat the Demon King by yourself with that strength?”
──The bodies of Mammon and the Elite Knights were scattered around the hall, and most of them were taken out by Mitsurugi’s blade.
“You got an even greater cheat than I recieved.”
Mitsurugi glanced at Aqua.
…An even greater cheat, huh.
I followed his gaze, and Aqua, who was busy healing Darkness’s wounds, awkwardly looked away.
As Megumin and Yunyun came over with relieved expressions, my attention was drawn away by the massive door at the end of the hall.
I’m pretty sure Mammon said that this hall leads to the Demon King’s room.
The knights who were hanging out in this hall were probably the final defence against any intruders.
Aqua and I managed to reach this place through a shortcut, but there can only be one thing beyond this door.
The people on the other side have no doubt noticed us making such a ruckus out here.
Now that everyone is gathered in one spot, I opened my mouth,
“Now, then, we’ve achieved our original purpose of bringing Aqua back. We could just use Yunyun and my spell to teleport back home, but…”
At those words, Mitsurugi shook his head, with an expression that all but said ‘What kind of idiocy are you spouting?’
“What are you saying after having come this far? The Demon King, the enemy of all humanity is right before us. With the majority of the Demon King’s army away attacking the capital, there’s no way we will get another chance like this. We can put an end to the war between the Demon King and humanity right now.”
…So he says, but what is going to happen to the Demon King’s daughter who is currently leading the larger half of the Demon King’s army?
Even if we defeat the Demon King here, I get the feeling that his daughter would simply take his place.
“Ouch! Ow-ow-ow-ow! It really hurts! Hey, why are the two of you pulling at my cheeks? This is an emotional reunion, so shouldn’t you be hugging me and saying stuff like ‘I was so worried about you’!? Ow-ow-ow, it really hurts!”
[Thanks to Kasen for the colouring]
Aqua’s yelps drew my gaze towards her, where I saw Megumin and Darkness silently pulling on Aqua’s cheeks.
While looking at Aqua who seemed to be enjoying herself despite her protests, I said,
“Well, listen up. The barrier that surrounded this castle was blasted apart by Megumin. Thanks to her, we can attack this castle at any time. Let’s leave the rest to the Belzerg’s knights, the cheat-holders, and the Crimson Demons.”
I casually said that, and Yunyun reacted with a gasp of shock.
“You destroyed the barrier? Megumin, you took down the barrier that the combined efforts of the entire Crimson Demon Village couldn’t take down?”
“That’s right. You felt the castle shake under the force of a barrage of explosions, right? That was actually fired by Megumin with the help of a ton of manatite─”
“K-Kazuma, don’t say anything more…”
Megumin hurriedly interrupted me, but…
…Ah!
“S-So that wasn’t an attack by the Demon King, but you… Megumin, you let loose with your magic despite knowing that we were in the castle…!”
Yunyun’s eyes teared up and trembled.
Crap, I completely forgot about that.
“You’re horrible! Are you really my friend!? I can’t believe you tried to bury us along with the Demon King!”
“T-That’s not it! It’s just, I got a gift back then, and various other things happened, so I got a little too excited…!”
“Hey, Darkness, I don’t mind you rubbing my head. I really don’t mind, but it kinda hurts when you do that while wearing gauntlets! I apologize for running away from home, so please forgive me!”
As the four of us messed around in ways that are most unfitting for a room right before the Demon King, one of Mitsurugi’s companions, the spearwoman, crouched down with a tired look.
“So, what are we going to do? Are we going ahead? Well, I’ll follow you wherever you go, Kyouya.”
Then, the thief girl who had been quietly standing next to Mitsurugi said,
“I came here for Kyouya’s sake, too. We’ll die together, Kyouya. I’ll follow you to the ends of the earth…”
Those cool lines sound just like the ones a group of close companions would say on the verge of the final battle.
…I’m so envious.
Whether it’s his cheat-level magic sword or the atmosphere he had with his companions, I’m totally jealous of Mitsurugi.
My companions are just messing around as usual, without the slightest hint of tension or romance.
Megumin has started wrestling with Yunyun, while Darkness had Aqua in a headhold.
Just how did Mitsurugi and I end up with such different circumstances?
“Aqua-sama, what do you think we should do?”
Mitsurugi asked Aqua, who was still trapped in Darkness’s headlock and having her hair ruffled by her.
“Me? …Well, if we could easily take out the Demon King, I would do it, but after meeting up with everyone… Umm… I kinda don’t feel very motivated…”
Aqua trailed off, her last words so soft that they were almost inaudible.
…I see, she lost her nerve now that she’s right before the Demon King.
But I understand her feelings very well. I feel like going home too.
“Right, let’s go home then. We can come back next time with better preparations and a better plan. For starters, now that the barrier is down, I can set a teleport point in front of the castle and bring Megumin here every day to launch an Explosion on it─”
“Wait, Satou Kazuma, there’s no reason for the Demon King to remain in this castle now that the barrier is down. There’s a high chance that he will hide out in a dungeon somewhere and waylay knights and adventurers until he gathers enough Generals to establish the barrier. With that in mind, I really don’t think we should let this chance slip by.”
Mitsurugi gave me a vehement refusal just as I was about to lay my conclusion.
He gave the two girls at his side a light pat on the head before separating from them.
…I recall patting Darkness on the head while smiling once, and all she did was get angry over me messing up her hair.
Seriously, just what is the difference between us?
I looked towards Darkness as that memory swam in my mind, and our eyes met.
“Hey, Kazuma, I’m done with chastising Aqua, so now it’s your turn! I can’t believe you embarrassed me like that in front of so many people! What is with that ill-fitting armour! Hurry up and strip already!”
“Oh? It looked like you were enjoying it… Ow-ow-ow-ow! Stop it, I’m sorry! Don’t trap me in a joint lock while I’m wearing armour, my bones are creaking!”
Just then, Mitsurugi, his face deadly serious, said to me just as Darkness had me trapped,
“You were the one who dragged Aqua-sama to this world, right? Despite that, you’re giving up on taking down the Demon King? Isn’t it only proper for you to risk your life to take out the Demon King and deliver her back to Heaven? That should be your responsibility.”
He’s as bad at reading the mood as Aqua is, but there’s not really anything I can say in response.
It’s true that because I dragged Aqua here, no more Japanese have been appearing in this world…
Mitsurugi lowered his gaze and whispered in a voice just loud enough to be heard by me,
“And I can’t entrust the person I love to you if you remain like that…”
It’s probably a very important confession for him.
I replied in a similarly soft whisper,
“You have really bad taste.”
…Mitsurugi grabbed my collar in a most uncharacteristic rage, and I retaliated with Drain Touch.
“Dammit, you’re still like this! And here I thought we would be able to become friends and reach an understanding if we defeat the Demon King together! H-Hey, what is this skill!? I feel like I’m losing strength…”
“I have plenty of male friends in Axel! I would only come off as a sidekick if I hang around someone like you! Go somewhere else!”
… As I gathered the mana I needed for casting Teleport from Mitsurugi, Aqua hesitantly, and uncharacteristically for her, got between the both of us.
“Umm, I’ve been having fun every day since I came here, and I don’t mind being here at all you know?”
She said with an anxious look on her face, like she was trying to hide something──
“─Then, why did you leave town?”
At Mitsurugi’s words, the look on Aqua’s face became conflicted once more.
Then, she looked at me apologetically and said.
“I just wanted to feel what it was like to run away from home…”
I could instantly tell that she was lying.
“…You know, I kinda wanted to punish those who’ve forgotten how important I am by leaving town for a bit. So how did it go? What did the people in town say about me? Were they worried?”
Aqua asked Megumin with far more excitement in her voice than usual.
“Of course they were worried about you. You still get lost in that town even after living there for more than a year, so there’s no way you can travel alone.”
“Before we left town, the adventurers told Kazuma to make sure to bring you back before teaching him all of their skills. If it weren’t for the attack that the Demon King’s army had planned for Axel, I’m sure most of them would have come with us.”
“Oh, is that what they call ‘tsundere’? They always act so cold, but now look at them… Well, I guess there’s no helping it! Let’s go home, Kazuma!”
Aqua said brightly before turning to me and flashing me her smile.
I only picked up on this because I’ve spent so much time with her, but,
That same ridiculously bright smile that Aqua showed me is, just a little, just a little bit clouded.
“…Very well, if Aqua-sama says so, this time, we will…”
At Mitsurugi’s words, his two companions let out a sigh of relief.
In response, Yunyun took out her wand and started chanting.
“…Do you know what ‘opportunity makes a thief’ means?”
I muttered as everyone started making preparations to go home.
Hearing that, Megumin and Darkness happily turned around, like they knew I was going to say that.
Stop grinning at me like that. I’m not a tsundere.
I’m not doing it for Aqua’s sake. I have my own reasons for taking down the Demon King!
“After trading almost my entire fortune for manatite, I’m almost broke.”
We’ve known each other for a long time.
There’s no need for long winded speeches. Just one sentence would do.
“I wonder just how much the Demon King’s head is worth?”
And that’s Volume 17. I’ll be honest, when I started working on this series three years ago, I never expected it to become such a large part of my life, and I certainly never expected to be working on it all the way until the series ended. It was originally an impulse decision that drove me to work on this series, and I fully intended for it to be little more than a stopgap until the active translator of the time got back into the game, but, well, here we are.
I hope you enjoyed the conclusion of Konosuba. I certainly liked Volume 17, even if the ending isn’t quite as definitive as I would’ve liked. Still, there are plenty of awesome moments to make up for it, and there’s always the possibility of a sequel that Natsume himself teased in his own afterword.
Speaking of which, there have been rumours floating around about Natsume having confirmed one, but all those rumours come from this one tweet, where Akatsuki Natsume mentioned a potential title for a sequel spinoff, which he hopes to eventually work on. I don’t want to be too much of a wet blanket, but it’s not an official announcement, and that’s the only thing we’ve heard about it, so it’s best for everyone to temper your expectations accordingly.
Now, while the main series might have ended, that doesn’t mean I’m retiring just yet. As everyone knows, there’s still the last Dust spinoff volume I’ve yet to get to, and there are still plenty of short stories I’ve yet to get to, including two more from this volume. There’s also the matter of the short story booklets that were released alongside the movie, which I’ve been sitting on for quite some time now, but I just could never find the time to properly work on them. With things winding down, those booklets should be making their way to the site sometime very soon.
Now, I’d like to thank my artists, Kasen, who provided all those lovely colourized insert images in all the chapters, Magzh and Fructose for cleaning the insert images, and Ulti and Fructose for doing the typesetting. In particular, Ulti has been doing the banner images that are gracing each chapter, so great thanks for that. Additionally, I’d like to thank my editors, Striker, Ulti, and Xenthur, for making sure my works aren’t complete drivel by the time they make it to your screen, and Shaoqi for supporting me all this time. And of course, all of my Patreons, for your support
Tentatively, Dust 7 will be going up some time in September, so look forward to it. I’ll also keep everyone apprised of any additional details as I come across them.
Now, till we meet again.
On a certain afternoon.
“Hey, Aqua, I need to ask you for a favour.”
I was happily taking a nap in the back garden with Emperor Zell on my belly, when a NEET came to interrupt me.
I opened my eyes and whispered to avoid waking up Emperor Zell,
“…Can’t you see what I’m doing right now? I’m taking a nap because I got sleepy after lunch. Don’t wake me up unless the world is in trouble or the heavens are about to fall.”
“If something like that was really happening, I wouldn’t bother coming to a simpleton like you.”
How could this man call a noble and beautiful goddess like me a simpleton?
“You’re really lucky I’m in a good mood after eating my fill, you hikkiNEET. If I were in a bad mood, you’d be a crying NEET right now.”
“Oh, you sure have some guts, you Goddess of Naps. How about I turn you into a Goddess of Tears instead?”
After I sincerely apologized, the easily tricked NEET let out a sigh.
“It’s not anything major, and you can go back to your nap once you’re done with it.”
“Well, if it’s not anything major, then don’t bother me about it… That was just a little joke, so don’t make such a scary face. If you do anything horrible to me, Emperor Zell who has now evolved into a high-level dragon won’t stand idly by.”
I raised up Emperor Zell who evolved into a dragon after drinking a mysterious potion, and the low-leveled NEET picked up the furball that was sleeping by his feet.
“If you’re going to use that chicken as your shield, then I’ll use this cat that is the natural enemy of chickens… Hey, why is she scared of a bird when she’s a cat?”
The furball instantly started struggling in the NEET’s arms, like she’s trying to say that fighting Emperor Zell is an absurd idea.
“It’s obvious that a cat can’t stand up against a dragon. That black furball fears Emperor Zell by instinct.”
“Hey, Chomusuke, don’t you have any cat instincts? Even a chicken is looking down on you, you know? Are you sure you are an evil god?”
This chuuni-NEET said something that sounded a lot like what Megumin would say.
…Well, it is true that this cat is quite strange, what with her baring fangs only against a goddess like me and her fondness for taking baths…
“…Ah, I don’t have time to care about Chomusuke right now. More importantly, Aqua, can you get in the bath?”
………
“So you finally reveal your true colours, you brutish NEET. You don’t normally see me as a woman at all, but now you’re telling me to take a shower before seeing you…!”
“I’m going to smack you if you keep saying such stupid stuff. It’s my turn to clean the toilet today, but Darkness and Megumin came back covered in oil and herbs earlier, so cleaning it up is proving to be a pain.”
“What happened to those two to get them to come back in such a state? Are they trying to change classes to fried food?”
I’m really curious what happened to result in this situation.
“The two of them went on a monster hunting quest together. Well, I’m sure it’s something stupid so I didn’t ask too much about it. Anyway, can you please purify the bathwater for me?”
What is this man talking about?
“Do you think goddesses are some kind of detergent or something? If I’m going to take a bath, I would rather take one in a tub that has been scrubbed clean.”
“I’ll buy you a mug of ice cold Crimson Beer after you’re done with your bath.”
I decided to take a bath.
“──Hey, Aqua, you sure are drinking something nice even though it’s only noon. Darkness isn’t around, so do you mind giving me a sip?”
As I was enjoying my ice cold beer after my bath, Megumin came up and talked to me.
“This is my reward for cleaning the bath. In other words, I cleaned up after the two of you dirtied the toilet. If you want a sip, why don’t you start by apologizing for making such a mess?”
“Gurk…! I never thought there’d come a day when Aqua would be cleaning up after me… But I do want a taste of alcohol, so I’m sorry for causing you trouble, Aqua.”
That’s a rare honest apology from her. She must really want a taste.
Just then,
“You can’t have that even if you apologize, Megumin! It’s still too early for you to be drinking alcohol! Hey, Aqua, get this! After we were done with the monster hunting, Megumin found a patch of herbs and did her thing…”
“W-What are you saying, Darkness! You were the one who was clamouring to keep that Oily Slime we found as a pet! Thanks to you I ended up covered in oil, too!”
I enjoyed my glass of beer as the two of them started arguing with each other.
Just then, I heard the angry voice of the housewife-NEET come from the bathroom,
“Aqua! You were playing around with the soap and shampoo again, weren’t you!? They’re all gone!”
“In the first place, Darkness, you are way too obsessed with slimy stuff! The other day too, you were gazing enviously at the piece of Tokoroten slime I got. You really shouldn’t play with food!”
“Even I wouldn’t do something like that! My body just reacted upon hearing the word ‘slime’…!”
As the voices of these inept girls drifted through this calm afternoon, I enjoyed my mug of beer.
“Hey, Aqua! I was planning to take a bath after everyone was clean! Go out and buy some shampoo and soap!”
I once again managed to protect the peace of Axel──!










Sorry for the long delay. I expected to be able to finish this in time for the regular release, but certain real life issues made that a lot more trickier than I anticipated. I’m really sorry for the delay.
As for chapter 3, I cannot give any concrete details on when it will be released. Hopefully, I’ll be able to get it out within two weeks, but given that I’m starting work on it right now and my current circumstances, there’s really no telling when it will be ready. Once again, I’m really sorry for the delay.
I was in the guild, enjoying a drink as I waited for the rest of the adventurers to gather.
Together with my companions, we were seated at the usual spot.
Normally, when we gather at the guild like this, the table would be filled with towers of piled up plates, but today we only had salad and beer on the table.
Our resident big eater, Faitfore, was taking a nap in her room after eating her fill.
“Is what she said earlier true?”
Taylor said with a frown, crossing his arms.
“Well, you wouldn’t say something like that as a joke.”
Keith said as he swirled his drink around in his mug.
“I heard some rumours about this, but I never thought it would be true. Sigh~.“
Lynn, the only girl in our party, let out a small sigh.
There is a reason why everyone in the guild is unusually quiet.
That’s because of the words that the guild receptionist, Luna, said just a short while ago.
She just made an emergency broadcast, and is currently waiting for everyone to gather before making an official announcement.
As I drank my drink in a daze, the adventurers in town slowly started trickling in.
Amongst them is Kazuma and his party.
Hmm? No, wait, it doesn’t seem like his entire party is here. The most cheerful out of all of them, the blue haired priest Aqua, isn’t with them. That’s rare.
The assembled guild staff seemed to be waiting for Kazuma to arrive, and started addressing the crowd the moment they popped in.
“Now, the reason we gathered everyone here is because of the rumours of the Demon King’s Army attacking this town. I’m sure everyone has already heard about it.”
The adventurers who heard this news reacted in one of two ways: either they fell completely silent, or they erupted into worried murmurs.
A mage girl asked if they could ask the Royal Knights for aid, but Luna told them that the main body of the Demon King’s Army is moving on the Capital as well, so we can’t expect any help from them.
Come to think of it, I think Princess Leonor said something similar.
In the chaos of the last few days, I completely forgot about that.
“Isn’t this pretty bad?”
Lynn whispered worriedly, and Keith and Taylor silently nodded in agreement.
“This town is a town of beginner adventurers. Most of the adventurers in town are rookies, with very few mid-level or exceptional adventurers. And the high-level adventurers in the other towns are headed over to the Capital to fend off the main body. It would be pretty tough for us to confront a Demon King’s Army attack-“
“So we can’t expect any help from the Capital or other cities, huh.”
Keith said such gloomy words, but his tone is casual.
His expression, aswell, is a far cry from being gloomy.
“Um, shouldn’t you have a little more urgency?”
Yunyun, who had made her way to the corner of our table without us noticing, voiced her opinion.
Yunyun isn’t comfortable with strangers, so I suppose the only place where she can feel comfortable in such a crowd is by our side.
“We faced down that Destroyer, you know? Compared to that, this is far better.”
I waved a casual, dismissive hand at Yunyun who is the only one amongst us that’s wound up.
“This and that are completely different things! Why are you so relaxed!? The Demon King’s Army could be attacking us, you know!? The town of Axel only has novice adventurers!”
What are you so angry for? Shaking your overdeveloped breasts like that…
“Oh, what about digging a large pit in advance?”
The mage girl suddenly shouted. It seems like she’s brainstorming ideas on how to defend the town of Axel.
The others too were offering their own ideas without a hint of despair.
My companions too were swept up in this atmosphere and started offering their own ideas, too.
“How about handing weapons to the townsfolk and forming them into a militia?”
Taylor said, crossing his arms.
Arming the townsfolk, huh? Well, there are quite a few interesting characters in town, and we also have a fairly large population of retired adventurers, so it might actually be a good idea.
“Not everyone who can fight is an adventurer, after all. Ah, I thought of a good idea! Why don’t we put the Axis Cultists who not even the Demon King’s army get along with in the front line and use them as our shields!?”
“Oh, that’s a good idea! I don’t think the Demon King’s Army would even be able to get close to them.”
I snapped my fingers and voiced my agreement with Keith’s idea.
“D-Don’t you guys have even a shred of conscience?”
“That’s way too far!”
Lynn and Yunyun stared at me like they were looking at something filthy.
“Why are you looking at me like that? Those guys do nothing but cause trouble every day, you know? Now is the time for them to actually be useful. If we tell them that this is the perfect chance to gain new converts, I’m sure they’ll hop right on board.”
I’ve gone through a lot of bad experiences at the hands of the Axis Cult, especially the time when I visited that hot springs town, Alcanretia. Honestly, I really don’t want to recall it.
“Victory comes to the swift. If we have Kazuma help us, this would be… Oh, yeah, Aqua-nee-chan isn’t here.”
She’s always the first to appear whenever there’s a commotion like this, so I guess I should ask Kazuma about her as well.
Just as I was about to stand up, someone else walked over to Kazuma.
He had two female companions behind him and had a handsome face that just seems to be asking for a good punch.
“I think I’ve seen that guy somewhere before.”
“You forgot again? He’s that famous swordmaster with the magic sword, Mi…Mi… What was his name again?”
Lynn started poking fun at me, but she herself couldn’t remember his name, and she put a finger to her temple as she fell into deep thought.
“Satou… Satou Kazuma. I don’t see Aqua-sama anywhere. Where is she?”
The guy asked what I wanted to ask, so I decided to hang back and observe.
“… ? Oh, Yamazaki. Long time no see.”
Ah, right, that’s his name. Yamazaki.
“It’s Mitsurugi! Hurry up and remember my name already! That wasn’t even remotely close! You’re not doing this on purpose, are you!? …No, nevermind. More importantly, what happened to Aqua-sama? Is she not with you today?”
Oh, it’s Mitsurugi. Ah, well, I don’t really care about remembering a guy’s name.
Still, why is he addressing Aqua-nee-chan with “sama”?
Wait, he’s not an Axis Cultist, is he? Uwah, best to keep my distance from him, then.
“Aqua left behind a letter before running away from home.”
Seriously? She ran away from home? …Well, she probably did something selfish, made Kazuma angry, and ran away in tears.
“She wrote that she’s heading off to take down the Demon King before slipping off into the night. If she caught the midnight carriage, she’ll probably be close to Alcanretia by now. With the number of Demon King’s generals reduced severely, she feels like she can break through the barrier right now, or so she says.”
“Take down the Demon King!!?”
Take down the Demon King?
Mitsurugi’s voice echoed through the guild and overlapped with my own internal monologue.
Is she serious?
She’s an Archpriest of the Axis Cult, so I never paid much heed to her crazy actions and thought process, but to think that she’d try to take down the Demon King… I can’t believe her brain has rotted to such an extent.
It seems like I wasn’t the only one who was taken aback. The entire guild fell into silence upon hearing Mitsurugi’s outburst.
Shock and bewilderment were reflected upon the faces of the adventurers present.
Kazuma and Mitsurugi continued talking, but I’m in no state to pay any attention.
“Aqua-nee-chan left on a journey alone!? There’s no way she’ll survive.”
“It’s just as Dust said. She’s way too reckless. She barely has any common sense as it is. Can she even survive without her guardian Kazuma?”
“It’s a little harsh to say this, but it really does make me feel uneasy.”
“Yeah. I can’t see her doing anything else other than livening things up with her party tricks.”
My friends really look down on her, but at the same time I can’t say I disagree.
“B-But Aqua-san’s skills as a Priest are the real deal, so she might actually do really well on her own.”
Yunyun was the only one who had any good things to say about her in this situation.
After spending quite a bit of time hanging out with Kazuma and his companions, shouldn’t she have a good grasp on Aqua’s abilities?
“Well then, tell me what Aqua-nee-chan has managed to do on her own thus far?”
“Um, err… Party tricks?”
She embarrassedly whispered, as that seemed to be the only thing that she could think of.
The adventurers around me said similar things, seemingly on the same page as me.
Those words are harsh, but they weren’t making fun of her. Rather, everyone seemed to be genuinely concerned for Aqua.
“Aqua-san is really well liked in this town, isn’t she?”
“She is the life of any party, after all. Plus, she has this air around her that makes you not want to leave her by herself.”
Lynn and I met gazes and traded a bitter smile.
I don’t think there’s anyone in this town who genuinely hates her.
…No, wait, that might not apply to Sir Vanir.
“Calm down! Please calm down, everyone! …Has anyone here seen Aqua-san today?”
Luna’s voice rose over the guild, and the place fell silent for a moment.
I turned my gaze to my companions, but they all shrugged and shook their heads. I looked over the guild… And the results seem to be the same. It would seem that Aqua managed to leave town without anyone seeing her.
Seeing that, Mitsurugi made movements like he was about to dash out of the guild to chase after Aqua at any moment.
“T-That would be a problem! There’s a pressing need for experienced adventurers like you to assist in the defence of the Capital or this town…! I’ll send out an urgent notice to the other guilds to search for Aqua-san, so…!”
“Hey, if he wants to go, then just let him!”
Seeing Luna desperately beg to stop him, I couldn’t help but raise my voice.
Everyone’s attention seemed focused on me, so I went with the flow, put my feet up on the table and put on a pompous demeanor.
I can’t believe she said such pathetic things. Are we really that unreliable?
“We can handle the defence of this town with just the people here. Nee-chan, you might not be aware of this, but there are plenty of high-level adventurers in this town. There’s no need to beg this brat who is constantly surrounded by two women for help, just rely on us!”
There’s a cool line for you!
I bet the rest have fallen in love with my sharp tongue!
I surreptitiously cast a glance at my companions, and they were giving me a look halfway between suspicion and disgust.
Yunyun seemed taken aback by my statement, but she seemed at a complete loss for what to do. She had been fidgeting at the corner of my vision for some time now.
“Even if you say that…! How many adventurers do we have that are above level 20? I reckon most of the adventurers here have levels between ten and the low twenties at best. By convention, most adventurers would leave this town after hitting level 20 and move on to other towns surrounded by stronger monsters. We’d be very lucky just to have a handful of people here above level 20…”
Luna said that with a flustered expression… I can’t believe she doesn’t know about this despite being a guild staff.
Almost as if in response to my internal complaints, one of the adventurers stood up.
“I’m level 32.”
“…Eh?”
Luna let out a gasp of disbelief at those words.
As silence descended on the guild once more, another man stood up.
“Umm… I’m level 38….”
“Eh?”
Following those two, several other adventurers stood up and announced their levels.
Most of them were above level 30, and there were even some that went past level 40.
Perhaps doubting their self-proclaimed levels, Luna went around checking everyone’s cards with a doubtful look on her face.
It only took a short time before that look was replaced with one of astonishment.
“…W-Why are all of you staying in this town even after achieving such a high level!? The monsters around here don’t provide a lot of experience points…”
It’s only natural for Luna to be surprised.
However, every man in this building knows the true reason. The reason why they stayed in this town… No, perhaps I should say, the reason why they can’t leave this town.
In response to that question, one of the adventurers scratched his head sheepishly and said.
“Isn’t it obvious? That’s because we love this town.”
Bullshit.
Luna might be moved to the point of tears, but you can’t fool me that easily.
The adventurers who stood up are all regulars at the succubus shop! I’ve lost count of the number of times we’ve met each other in the store!
The fact that everyone who stood up is a man is the ultimate proof. I’d really like to call them out on it, but I’ll probably be dragged into it if I did, so… I think I’ll keep it to myself this time.
In the completely rejuvenated guild, Luna took to her tasks in a flurry of activity.
The presence of mid-level adventurers seemed to have given her hope, and she’s currently busy splitting everyone into squads. The adventurers who already have parties remained in them, and the ones who don’t have enough members made them up from acquaintances and friends.
Soon, everyone had their own party… Except for a certain loner who remained by herself.
Needless to say, it was the embodiment of loneliness, Yunyun.
She seemed like she had nowhere to go, but she was sticking close to us like she was expecting something. She’s standing just far enough away that it’s hard to tell if she’s part of our party or not.
My companions were shooting me meaningful looks, so I had no choice but to call out to her.
“Hey, what are you doing? This isn’t your place.”
Hearing that, Yunyun’s face twisted into one of despair, and my companions widened their eyes in shock and started softly lecturing me.
Seems like my casual statement was completely unexpected to them.
“Umm… I-I’m sorry…”
Yunyun repeatedly bowed her head before slowly walking away, but I grabbed her hand before she could go too far.
I led her over to where Kazuma and his party were standing.
Yunyun gave me a confused look, seemingly not understanding what’s going on.
“In terms of combat prowess, you’re probably ranked first or second in this town, right? If a true Crimson Demon like you were to join forces with that irksome magic sword wielder, you might actually be able to face down the Demon King, don’t you think? Go hunt down that damned annoying Demon King and give him a good few blows in our place.”
“Hey, if Yunyun is a true Crimson Demon, what does that make me? Why don’t you make it clear right now?”
Someone petty in both chest size and attitude said something, but I ignored her.
“I’m a little worried just leaving these guys on their own. If it was just to get Aqua-nee-chan back, it’ll be fine, but it’s these guys we are talking about. They might end up getting dragged into fighting yet another troublesome enemy. It’d be safer to have a real Archwizard like you with them… Come now, you can cast Teleport, can’t you? If push comes to shove, you can just teleport back here on your own, no problem.”
After I said that with a smile, Yunyun looked at me with moist eyes for some reason.
Is she happy because she got a rare compliment for once?
“Hey, why don’t you tell me exactly what kind of Archwizard I am if not a real one!?”
Megumin barged in between the two of us and grabbed my shirt.
I just said the truth and this girl got mad at me!
“How are you this strong despite being so small!? Hey, stop shaking me! Don’t blame me if I puke on you!”
Don’t shake a man who has been drinking like this. I can feel the beer flowing back up into my mouth, so cut it out!
As I tried to drive Megumin off, I saw Yunyun smile in a corner of my vision.
“──I understand. I’ll be off to help Aqua-san! I-It’s only natural to help a f-friend in need…”
Oh, she made her own decision.
Seeing her smile, I couldn’t help but feel a little warm inside. For someone as shy and indecisive as her, that must have taken a lot of effort to do.
But now is not the time for that.
“Crimson Demons are a race that will never back down from a fight. Very well, I’ll take you on. Let’s take this outside!”
Megumin grabbed my shirt and started trying to drag me.
As I struggled with her, the conversation progressed without me.
I didn’t catch what exactly happened, but the Magic Sword Guy suddenly became depressed and needed to be comforted by his town hanger-ons.
That made me feel warm and fuzzy inside.
“Dust-kun! Dust-kun! Look, the handsome hunk got rejected! He even extended his hand like he’s hitting on her! Seems like even hunks can get rejected!”
“Seriously? Well, that’s an interesting development!”
“Gyahahaha! Even the legendary loner knows how to pick her friends!”
As Kazuma and I broke out into raucous laughter, Yunyun blushed and said something to the two hanger-ons, but I couldn’t catch it through the laughter.
Eventually, the two hanger-ons chased me away, and I made my way back to my companions.
It seems like Kazuma and others are still discussing something, but I suppose there’s no longer any need for me to butt in.
“You know, couldn’t you not make a scene everywhere you go?”
“Did you see that hunk’s face? I haven’t laughed that much in a long time.”
I said to Lynn, and she gave me a wry smile.
Taylor and Keith were off with the other adventurers discussing plans on how to counter the Demon King.
Lynn leaned in close to my ear and whispered.
“Aren’t you going to fight the Demon King, too? If you bring Faitfore along and use your true abilities, I’m sure you’ll be of great help.”
Lynn said that because she knows how strong I am as a Dragon Knight, right?
“Probably, but being in the spotlight like that doesn’t suit me. I’m just a fool who abandoned a promising life to hang around here. Defeating the Demon King is not for me.”
Plus, there are people here that I need to protect, too.
After that, the adventurers got busy discussing strategies to repel the Demon King.
I don’t dislike these guys who are still this upbeat and optimistic despite the dire circumstances.
I drank my beer while observing their conversation. It seems like the handsome guy, his party, and Yunyun are to set off to chase after Aqua and defeat the Demon King, while Kazuma and his party are to stay back in Axel.
I don’t disagree with Kazuma’s assessment of his own capabilities, but at the same time, it doesn’t seem like him.
He might complain a lot, but my true friend is someone who would put everything on the line for the sake of his friends.
Even if Kazuma agreed, I’m even more surprised that the Explosion Girl and the Masochist Crusader agreed to go along with this. I thought they would’ve dragged him along with them even if they had to tie him up in order to do it.
“They sure are a cold-blooded bunch, huh.”
“You don’t get it.”
Lynn chuckled in response to my mutterings.
“What do you mean?”
“Why don’t you take a good look at their faces?”
I did as I was prompted, and both the Explosion Girl and the Masochist Crusader were giving Kazuma an expectant smile.
It’s been a few days since then.
The adventurers who usually laze around busied themselves with training or hunting monsters to gain levels.
According to the information that Princess Leonor gave me before she left, the Demon King’s Army sent quite a large division to attack this town.
Why would the Demon King’s Army devote so many resources against a town of novice adventurers? There are several reasons.
First off, without a town of beginners, there would be no way to raise new adventurers. In particular most of the heroes with cheat like abilities started their journey in this town.
Thus, if this town was destroyed, there would be no more new heroes. I’m sure that’s what they’re thinking.
And there’s also the factor of Kazuma’s achievements.
He’s defeated several of the Demon King’s generals, and even put down that mobile fortress Destroyer. Of course they would be wary of him.
“In that case, perhaps I should be serious, too.”
In the forests just a short distance away from town, I was training with a stick that was just a little shorter than myself.
I kicked a nearby tree and stabbed at several of the leaves that floated down.
I’ve been using a sword ever since I left my home country, but even after all this time, a spear still feels better in my hands.
“Dust is better with a spear than a sword.”
Faitfore happily said as she looked up at me while she was seated on the ground.
“Heh, don’t fall for me now.”
As I flipped my hair and spun my stick around in quick circles, Faitfore animatedly clapped her hands in joy.
Then, suddenly──
“What are you doing?”
A stern voice suddenly burst into the clearing as Lynn appeared from a tree behind me.
“What, you were watching?”
“I thought it was suspicious that the two of you were sneaking out together, so I followed you, but I never expected you to be secretly out training. And here I thought you finally awakened your inner lolicon and was about to report you… Did you come down with something?”
“I told you I have no interest in brats. Ow! Hey, don’t bite me!”
I quickly refuted, and Faitfore immediately bit me on the ankle.
Dammit, don’t start eating my leg just because you’re hungry.
“I’m just working up a bit of sweat because I haven’t been active lately, that’s all.”
I thrust my stick against the ground and casually leaned against it.
“You don’t need to hide it or anything. Still, to think that even you are going that far… Isn’t this pretty bad?”
“You worry too much. There are quite a few high-leveled people in town, and we have Sir Vanir and Wiz. We’ll manage somehow.”
“Ah, right, those two are here. But Vanir is a devil, right? If he had to pick a side, wouldn’t he fall in with the Demon King’s Army?”
“Ah… Come to think of it, you’re right. Maybe we should go ask him directly.”
As I disposed of the stick that I used as a spear, Faitfore came over, clambered onto my back, and tied the piggyback rope onto me as usual. She’s gotten really good at doing that.
“Hmm? He’s not in.”
“He seems to have gone out. Where could he have gone?”
“That’s strange.”
We paid a visit to Wiz’s magic item shop, only to find it empty.
Fairfore drooled the entire way here. It seems like she has been conditioned to expect a snack every time she visits here thanks to Sir Vanir’s efforts to make her feel welcome.
“Hmm, maybe Sir is keeping an eye on Wiz while she’s out shopping. Let’s come back here tomorrow.”
Just as I was about to leave, the door to the store opened.
What emerged from the store is a weird stuffed animal looking creature resembling a strange bird.
“Ah, a cute thing came outside.”
“It doesn’t look tasty at all.”
It seems like it really caught their eye, Lynn and Faitfore immediately started making a fuss.
“Are you customers? What are you looking for? Tell me if there’s anything you want.”
Contrary to his cute appearances, he sure speaks quite pompously.
The fact that it’s moving and talking means there’s someone inside of it, right?
“Oh, yeah, I heard that this store got a mascot. Is that you?”
“That’s just rude. You’re a brash and rude person. Ah, that dusky blonde hair, are you the thuggish and eternally poor adventurer that Vanir-sama was talking about?”
“It doesn’t make me angry when Sir Vanir says it, but hearing this guy say it doesn’t sit well with me.”
Hearing this stuffed toy prattle on gets on my nerves, so I vented my frustrations by kicking him a couple of times.
“How rude! Do you know who I am!?”
“You’re just an attendant at this store. And you’re wearing something weird, too. Can I pull down on this zipper? Come on, get out here!”
“Hey, stop pulling on my zipper! Cut it out! Dammit, I can’t go wild in a place that Sir Vanir has made his stronghold. Girl on his back, can you stop this boorish man?”
“Dust, there’s a weird smell coming from that zipper. It smells a lot like the guy who gives me treats.”
Faitfore pointed at the stuffed toy and frowned.
The one who gives her treats is Sir Vanir, right? If this guy smells the same, could it be…?
“Are you a devil?”
“Indeed, my name is Zereschrute. I’m a noble known as the Lord of Brutality and a devil.”
The stuffed toy arrogantly puffed out his chest.
Lord of Brutality, huh. I’ve heard that title back when I was still a knight. He was a character shrouded in mystery, but I never expected him to look like this.
“Humph, are you afraid… Why are you giving me such pitiful looks?”
“There are a lot of weirdos amongst the nobles and devils, aren’t there?”
“Considering Darkness and Vanir-san, I’ll have to agree.”
Rather than being surprised, this just affirmed my view on them.
Well, there is a shop run by a masked devil. I guess it wouldn’t be unexpected for there to be a devil wearing a mascot suit as part of the nobility.
“Well, whatever. Anyway, Lord of Whatever, where did Sir Vanir and Wiz go?”
“Your attitude remains unchanged even after knowing my identity. I don’t know if I should praise you… The two of them accompanied a young man named Kazuma to the dungeon. They said they’ll be away for a few days.”
They went out with Kazuma at such a time?
“What did Kazuma go out to do?”
“I don’t mind telling you, but I am a devil. There will have to be some terms agreed to if you want that information. Indeed, as a devil, the emotions I like the most are──”
I silently grabbed Zereschrute’s head, forced him to bend over, and slightly opened his zipper.
“Let your saliva drip into this.”
Faitfore let her accumulated drool that she has been holding back since she expected a snack here spill out into Zereschrute.
“Cut it out! It’s getting everywhere… Ugaaah!? It hurts! Why does this saliva feel so hot!?”
Zereschrute tore himself away from me and rolled on the floor in pain.
I was going to laugh at his exaggerated reaction, but then I remembered something.
Fairfore is a White Dragon, which is a creature with sacred attributes. It wouldn’t be surprising if her saliva has sacred attributes, too.
To a devil, this might be even more painful than getting doused with boiling water.
After spending quite a bit of time rolling around on the floor, the stuffed mascot shakily got to his feet.
“What a scary human. To think that you would have a White Dragon at your beck and call… Okay, okay, I’ll tell you, just keep that girl away from me. I recall them saying something about helping the young man level up.”
Ah, I see. He told that pretty boy in the tavern that he’ll leave Aqua to him, but he actually intends to chase after her after he’s gotten stronger. It’s just like Kazuma to be this dishonest.
If Sir Vanir is helping him, that probably means that he has no intention of helping the Demon King’s Army.
“Sorry for disturbing you. Right, let’s go home.”
I got what I came here for, so I headed to leave, but Zereschrute grabbed me by the sleeve.
“Hold on a moment…”
Crap. I got taken in by his ridiculous appearance, but he is a devil, too. Did he lose his top over what happened earlier?
I placed a hand on my sword and took a step in front of Lynn, but Zereschrute simply stepped aside and pointed one of his wings towards his back.
“If you are leaving, could you please take that girl along with you?”
That girl would be referring to Loli Succubus, sitting in the corner of the store despondently muttering “Vanir-sama isn’t here, Vanir-sama isn’t here…” to herself, right?
Lynn decided to head back to the guild first, so I decided to carry Loli Succubus back to the Succubus shop by myself.
“So what were you doing there?”
“I longed for Vanir-sama’s scent, so I went to the store to help out, only to be told that he won’t be in town for a while.”
This girl pays a visit to that store almost every day. Sir Vanir has no interest in romance, so he treats her fairly cold, but I suppose I can praise her determination for not letting that get her down at all.
“Both Sir and Wiz are out training with Kazuma.”
“Is it true that the Demon King’s Army is targeting this town?”
“How do you know about that? Luna told us it was strictly forbidden to spread the news outside the guild to avoid worrying the residents.”
Don’t tell me… she has a connection to the Demon King’s Army?
I’ve gotten so used to living in this town that it completely slipped my mind, but Succubi are devils as well. It wouldn’t be surprising for them to favour the Demon King’s Army over us humans.
“Why are you looking so scary all of a sudden? You’re not thinking anything weird, are you? I’ve had a few of my regulars tell me ‘I’ll protect you even if the Demon King’s Army attacks us, so can you please give me a discount?’ or something like that, that’s all.”
“Those idiots…”
So it’s because some people wanted to look cool in front of the succubi.
“Sigh~, they really are hopeless people.”
“So it really is true.”
“…Yeah, it is. What are you guys planning to do? Wouldn’t it be dangerous for you guys to oppose the Demon King’s Army?”
“Hmm. We are not part of the Demon King’s Army. All the Succubi say they’ll stay in town. If Vanir-sama tells us to support the Demon King’s Army, we’ll obey, but I don’t think he’ll order us to do something like that.”
She tilted her head with a finger on her cheek.
It doesn’t seem like she’s lying.
Honestly, I’m glad that the succubi are staying in town. All those high-level adventurers who are in town mostly stayed here because of the Succubus shop.
If the succubi choose to side with the Demon King’s Army, I’m sure more than a few of them would decide to switch teams.
“Do you think we have any chance of winning?”
While I’m still carrying her, Loli Succubus gave me a serious look.
“Hmm, I wonder.”
Having received the information from Princess Leonor beforehand, I know that the Demon King’s Army is planning to send a sizable force towards us, so I can’t be optimistic about our chances.
“For you to make such a serious face, it seems like this situation really is grave. But…”
Saying that, she closed her mouth and looked up at me.
“W-What is it?”
“But, Dust-san will protect us, won’t you?”
Saying that, Loli Succubus gave me a reassuring smile.
I put her down and patted her on the head.
“Who knows. If you’re scared, you should go hide somewhere.”
“You say that, but you are going to do it anyway, right? You cheeky little.”
Stop poking me with your elbow.
“Yeah, yeah, say whatever you want.”
“Right, I’ll do that.”
After escorting Loli Succubus to her store, I decided to take a walk down the main street, and my eyes met with the owner of a certain general goods store.
“Give me money.”
“You’re being way too abrupt! Can’t you say anything else?”
I told him in a simple and straightforward manner, but he lost his temper for some reason.
Normally, I would’ve dropped by to pick up the goods that he couldn’t sell, but I would always have to sell them off eventually, so I thought I’d be polite and skip the middleman this time.
“Sigh, you’re still the same as ever. Aren’t all you adventurers supposed to be busy right now?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Isn’t the Demon King’s Army targeting this town?”
Wait, the old man knows about it too? Whatever happened to keeping it under wraps?
“Where did you hear that from? You’re not trying to spread some scary information in order to drive up the price of weapons and food, are you? …No, wait, that actually sounds like a good idea.”
A good idea popped out of my mouth.
“Hey, don’t slander me. Information is vital to a salesman like me. Serious happenings like this spread almost instantly through everyone in the business.”
It kinda irks me how he’s stroking his chin and lording that information over me. Still, what kind of secret is this supposed to be? Just about everyone I run into already knows about it.
“Sigh. Well, there’s no point in hiding it from you. Yeah, that seems to be the case. Are you planning on packing up and running?”
“Don’t make fun of me. How much do you think I went through in order to open this shop? This is the castle that my late wife and I worked through sweat and tears to create! The Demon King’s Army aren’t customers, so I see no reason not to chase them all out.”
He flexed his muscular biceps and let out a fearless laugh.
It doesn’t seem like he has any intention of running away.
“You know, old man, you might end up losing your life here.”
“I don’t need a young man like you to remind me. Sure, life is precious, but everyone has things that are more important than life, right?”
He naturally said that, it doesn’t seem like he’s putting on a brave act for my sake.
“Well, it’s none of my business anyways, so just do as you wish.”
“Yeah, I’ll do as I wish… Hey, Dust.”
“Yeah?”
“Take this with you.”
Saying that, he tossed a spear towards me.
“What are you thinking? I don’t use a spear. And this is a pretty good weapon… If you’re giving it to me, I’ll take it, but don’t ask for it back. I’ll find a place to sell this and have some fun with the ladies tonight!”
“I gave it to you, so you can do whatever you want with it.”
Normally he would be yelling at me, but he’s not even offering a single complaint this time.
“You’re more used to using that than a sword, aren’t you?”
This old man likes to boast about being an amazing adventurer. I guess he wasn’t lying about that.
“Just don’t regret it later.”
“I won’t… I’m expecting great things from you.”
As I shouldered the spear and prepared to leave, those unexpected words from the old man made me turn back in a panic.
But the old man simply waved at me before disappearing back into the store.
Afterwards, I paid a visit to the bars and gambling establishments that I frequented whenever I had money to spend, and found that almost everyone knew about the Demon King’s Army’s attack.
Even when I passed by the police station, one of the officers called out to me, saying “Dust, please do your best to protect this town.”
They normally chase me around like a dog running down a meal, so hearing them say that now kinda gives me the creeps.
In the end, most of the residents already know about the Demon King’s Army’s attack, but not a single one of them are making preparations to escape, and all of them seem intent on staying here.
“Everyone is saying they won’t run away.”
Faitfore said as we sat down on a bench by the park to let Faitfore finish off the sticks of roasted meat that a dewy-eyed street merchant handed over to her.
“This town is just full of easy-going idiots. They do say that the only cure for idiocy is death. Or was it that even death can’t cure idiocy?”
“Dust, you’re not running away?”
Faitfore probably asked that question with no ill intent, but hearing it caused me to stiffen up.
Come to think of it, I could run away too.
That option never even crossed my mind until now. I went around asking everyone if they are planning to run for it, but I never realized that it was an option for me as well.
“Well, I’m an idiot just like them, I guess.”
I stood up from the bench and rested my hand on the sword hanging from my waist.
“You are my Knight, so from now on, don’t use your spear unless it’s to protect me or someone you really want to protect. Do your best with that sword instead.”
That was the promise I made with Leonor when we parted.
For the sake of someone I really want to protect.
That would of course be Lynn.
And I suppose I could add my friends, companions… And all the lovable idiots who live in this town to that list.
In the plains a short distance away from town, I stood across from Keith and Taylor with my weapon── a spear, in hand.
“Why the sudden change of heart, Dust?”
“I can’t believe you of all people would ask us to train with you. And why a spear?”
The two of them didn’t even bother to raise their weapons, instead barraging me with complaints.
Lynn and Faitfore were seated on a nearby rock. It seems like they only intend to observe us.
“I want to retrain myself in preparation for the Demon King’s Army’s attack.”
“That spirit is admirable, but can I really take it at face value?”
“Don’t be fooled so easily, Taylor. I’m sure you know by observing Dust’s daily activities that he is not a man to be admired. And seriously, why a spear?”
Taylor crossed his arms and nodded in response to Keith’s words.
“Did you commit a crime so grave that you have no choice but to silence us under the guise of training? It pains me to say this, but as your companion I shall have to put a stop to you right now.”
Hey, don’t raise your shield and sword now!
“It’s regrettable to do this to a friend, but this is for the sake of the world and everyone in it. By the way, did they already put a bounty on your head?”
Don’t cry crocodile tears while nocking your bow!
“What are you talking about!? Don’t make me sound like a vicious criminal without proof!”
They just keep thinking about worse and worse things. Just what is with that imagination of theirs?
“I really want to regain my skills with a spear. And there’s also a few things I need to talk to you about.”
Lynn already knows, but I haven’t yet revealed my past to Taylor and Keith.
The reason why I have a spear in my hand and my past.
And Faitfore’s secret.
I decided to tell these two everything.
“Taylor, Keith, please listen to me.”
I told the two of them about my past, Faitfore’s true identity, and everything else that seemed related.
The two of them listened to me without a single word, only to let out a huge sigh at the very end.
I prepared myself for any responses they might have, but they stayed silent. Their expressions also seemed the same as usual, without a hint of surprise at all.
“Don’t you guys have anything to say?”
“I’m just thinking that you finally came clean with it.”
“Actually, did you really think you kept it a secret all this time?”
…Eh?
These guys knew about my past all this time?
“Since when did you know?”
“Well, I’ve always had some inkling, but it’s only until recently that I became certain of it. You seem just like a regular old hoodlum right now, but back when we first met, you had the air of a well-educated person. There were quite a few rumours about you being a former knight or a runaway nobleman.”
“Yeah, that’s it. And your way of speaking was weird, too. It’s quite obvious that you’re forcing yourself to speak this way. Plus it’s really suspicious how bad your skills with a sword are despite your high physical stats.”
So they already knew about the secret that I tried so hard to hide from them.
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother trying.
“So, what you just told me is not entirely a surprise… Though, the fact that you were that rumoured Dragon Knight really was outside my expectations. As for Faitfore… There’s no way a normal young girl would be able to eat that much food.”
“Yeah. There’s something just fundamentally strange with that appetite of hers. Plus, she did show up just as the White Dragon sighting rumours started flying around town.”
I felt a little relieved that I was worried over nothing, but there’s still a little bit of grumpiness within my heart. Sure, it’s great that they accepted my explanation easily, but if I knew this would happen, I would’ve just come clean at the start.
“Sigh~. Well, I guess it’s a good thing that you two are so quick to accept it.”
I felt much lighter after letting out a sigh, as if all the guilt and weariness I felt for hiding things from my companions vanished at once.
“Dust, we are companions. That much I’m sure of.”
“Yeah, so there’s no need to hide all this stuff from us.”
Companions, huh. Yeah, I suppose. I should put a little more faith in them from now on.
“So, you already knew about when Lynn and Princess Leonor swapped places?”
At those words, their expressions changed drastically into ones of complete shock as they twisted to look at Lynn.
“Eh? Y-Yeah, of course. There’s no way we could mistake one of our companions for someone else. Right, Keith?”
“O-Of course. Doesn’t that go without saying?”
The two of them gave me a very suspicious smile as they let out a forced laugh.
“Oh? Then tell me when we were switched. You’re my companions, so I’m sure you know that much, right?”
Lynn stepped in, asking the two of them with a wide smile on her face.
“That’s an easy question to answer. Keith, I’ll let you do the honours.”
“Hey, don’t dump it onto me just because you don’t know the answer!”
“Come on, hurry up an answer~!”
Lynn jumped off the boulder, and approached the two of them with a wide smile.
Oh the other hand, the other two slowly backed away.
Taking in the entire scene, and Faitfore who was lazily gazing at them from the side.
“Buha, ahahahahaha!”
I couldn’t help but break out into laughter.
I was prepared to be cast out of the party upon revealing my past to them, but I never expected such an outcome.
“Stop laughing and placate Lynn already!”
“Please, Dust!”
“Oh, fine. Come here, I’ll give you a warm hug, so let them off… That was close! Don’t just start blasting magic at me! I could’ve died!”
Facing Lynn who was slowly approaching with her staff in hand, the three of us struggled to use each other as human shields.
“I could tell right away. After all, your chest──”
“You’re not thinking stuff like ‘the imposter has bigger breasts’ or ‘having great assets sure is a sign of elegance’, are you?”
“Not at all!” x3
We frantically blurted out one excuse after another until Lynn lowered her staff.
After that, I started training with my companions.
“Pant, pant… You fight like a completely different person.”
Taylor, his butt flat on the ground, said between breaths as he tried to regain his composure.
A short distance away, Keith threw his empty quiver to the side as he collapsed to the ground.
“Seriously, not even a single arrow hit?”
I soundly defeated the both of them, but I’m not satisfied with that.
When I put my all into fighting with a spear, it’s clear to me that my skills have regressed. Sure, I’m more agile and my blows hit harder than if I was wielding a sword, but it’s a far cry from when I was in my prime.
“Keith, Taylor, thanks. You guys really helped me out a lot. Right, Faitfore, why don’t we take a walk and go for a little training in the meantime.”
It’d be pathetic for a Dragon Knight to not be able to ride a dragon.
“Oh!”
Lynn hurriedly rushed in front of Faitfore as she enthusiastically started taking off her clothes, blocking her from our sight.
“Hey, turn around.”
I don’t have the slightest bit of interest in a little girl’s body, but the last time I said that, Faitfore bit me, so I quietly turned my back to her.
“It’s fine now.”
Turning back around, I saw a large White Dragon before me, with Lynn seated on her back.
“Hey, why is Lynn riding on her?”
“It’s fine, isn’t it? She’d get more practice with two people riding on her than one. Now, come on, hurry up and get on.”
She’s saying some reasonable things, but I bet she’s just looking forward to taking flight again after that nighttime flight she had a while back.
“Oh, fine. It’ll be a little heavier than usual, is that okay?”
I said as I stroked Faitfore’s neck, and she rubbed her face against me. Seems like she’s fine with it.
I sat in front of Lynn, and she wrapped her arms around my waist.
“We’ll be flying around for a while, so you two get some rest.”
“I see. Then I’ll take you up on your offer.”
“Take as much time as you need. I’ll go take a nap.”
Taylor and Keith lay on the ground as they waved me off.
Faitfore flapped her wings, and my body was overcome with a feeling of weightlessness as we started rapidly ascending.
“It was dark out the other day, so I didn’t really notice, but this is actually quite scary, isn’t it?”
Lynn suddenly tightened her hug on me, pressing her body against mine. I could feel her breasts hitting my back, but… If only she had a greater volume…
“You were thinking of something rude just now, right?”
“Don’t strangle me! If we fall, you’ll die too!”
I almost fell off, but I managed to regain my position in time.
We quickly gained altitude to avoid anyone seeing us from the ground, but then I noticed something flying ahead of us. Several somethings, in fact.
“What is that? Lynn, can you see it?”
“Eh? Where is it?”
I pointed it out to her, and she narrowed her eyes.
“Hmm, all I can see is a dot.”
“Should we get closer?”
Those things were flying lower than us, so we can probably afford to get closer without them seeing us.
As we got closer, it became clear that it wasn’t a flock of birds.
“It’s… A winged human?”
“It’s probably some manner of devil.”
It has large, black, bat-like wings, the same as the ones on the Succubi or the demon Perrier that I fought against just the other day.
“Don’t you think it’s strange for there to be a bunch of devils flying all the way out here?”
“Yeah. Could they be scouts from the Demon King’s Army?”
In large scale battles, information is just as, no, more important than combat ability.
The importance of good information was drilled into me by my captain back when I was still a knight.
“Food can be obtained on the road, and lack of strength can be made up for by strategy, but it’s vitally important to obtain good information in advance. After all, in order to acquire food or develop good strategy, one must first have good information. Don’t forget that.”
He made such a deep impression on me that I can still remember every word.
Should I wipe them out here?
There are few enough that we can take them on if we pounce on them from the sky. Plus, we have Lynn’s magic with us.
No, wait, taking them out here might not be the best course of action. If they don’t return, it would just raise the guard of the Demon King’s Army, and they would send out scouting parties in greater numbers.
“So, what should we do?”
“If they are part of the Demon King’s Army, I wouldn’t mind taking this chance to reduce their forces, but there is the chance that they are simply unrelated stray devils.”
“Stray devils… Well, there are devils like Vanir-san, so I suppose…”
Plus, it’s not exactly normal for Succubi to coexist with people like in Axel. There are a lot of weirdos amongst both nobles and devils, so it’s hard to completely dismiss this possibility.
It’s not like we can just go “Sorry, we mistook you for devils” if we attack them by mistake.
“But if they are part of the Demon King’s Army, it would be dangerous to make contact with them, right?”
“Yeah… If only there’s a way to know who they are… Ah.”
I thought of a way to make contact with them without raising their suspicions.
I instructed Faitfore to turn back, and we took a long detour to make sure we weren’t discovered as we made our way back to Taylor and Keith.
“Oh, they’re back already.”
“Hey, come on, it might be more refreshing in the sky, but even so, aren’t you a little too quick──”
Ignoring Keith who got blown away by Lynn’s magic, I once again took to the skies.
“I’ll find a way to take care of them, you go back ahead of me.”
“I got it, I’ll explain things to them.”
After letting Lynn dismount, I flew back towards the devils… No, back towards Axel.
“Hey~. Is Lolisa here~!?”
After reaching the Succubus shop, I started calling for Loli Succubus while searching for her.
“Oh, Dust-sama. Are you looking for that girl?”
The manager succubus walked over to me, her body oozing with sexuality.
Unlike Loli Succubus, all the right parts of her are filled to bursting, and every single one of her movements gave off an erotic impression.
“She wasn’t at the magic item shop, so I thought she might be around here, but I don’t see her around at all.”
I did take a look around the store, but all I saw were Succubi with bountiful bodies that made me want to jump on them. There wasn’t a single hint of that shrimpy body around.
“Well, you came in at just the right time. She’s been in a state of depression ever since Vanir-sama left town. We can’t work with her like this, so please take her with you.”
The manager called Loli Succubus over, and she looked like she had the life sucked out of her. She constantly sighed and barely raised her head from the ground.
“You look really out of it.”
“If I don’t see Vanir-sama and take in his scent at least once a day, I lose the drive to do anything.”
“Isn’t Sir Vanir’s body made out of dirt? Just go take in the smell of the dirt outside.”
“Don’t compare Vanir-sama’s body to common dirt!”
No, it is just common dirt.
Sir Vanir told me before. Only the mask is actually part of his true body, the rest of it is just formed out of whatever dirt that happens to be nearby.
“Anyway, I need your help with something. You’re not doing anything else, right?”
“No way. I don’t feel like moving or doing anything today.”
She turned her face to the side and puffed out her cheeks, flatly refusing me.
She really is a troublesome girl.
“I’ll give you something that will perk you right up, so don’t say that.”
“I’m not falling for your tricks anymore. Like that time you lied to me about that cup that Vanir-sama used. Ah, right, what happened to the manju with Vanir-sama’s seal on it that you promised me before!?”
She really has a talent for remembering useless things.
I always have to come up with some random lie to convince her, and she’s really making me work for it.
“Okay, okay, I’m sorry. This time it really is a one hundred percent genuine item that Sir Vanir used.”
“Hmph.”
Her face was pointed away from me, but her eyes swiveled to look my way.
“This item is a must have for any fan of Sir Vanir.”
I pulled out a pair of boxers from my pocket. The moment I did so, Loli Succubus leapt up to it and started intensely looking it over.
“You can’t fool me that… I can smell a familiar scent from this. It smells just like Sir Vanir!”
It’s a little creepy to see her fawn over it with such intensity.
Still, I managed to fool her. I simply got these boxers from one of the stores on the main street and rubbed it in the dirt in the yard of the magic item shop.
“Oh, fine, I’ll help you just this once. Don’t think I’m a cheap woman.”
It’d be a little more convincing if she wasn’t carefully wrapping the pair of boxers in her handkerchief before placing it in her pocket.
“So, anyway, what did you want my help with?”
“Ah, well, you see──”
“So I just have to talk to some suspicious looking devils, right?”
“Pretty much. And if they are part of the Demon King’s Army, can you get more details out of them?”
“It’s fine, we’re good at getting stories from our customers. Plus, we owe quite a bit to the people of this town, so this is just a small way I can repay them.”
She puffed up her chest with a confident look.
When I think of how she was just a moment ago, I couldn’t help but feel uneasy, but right now I have no choice but to leave it in her hands.
I got onto Faitfore who was hiding in the forest in her dragon form, and for some reason, Loli Succubus got on behind me too.
“Hey, you can fly on your own, can’t you?”
“There’s a large difference between Faitfore’s speed and my speed. Plus, I always wanted to ride a dragon. Now, let’s set off.”
I told Loli Succubus who was excitedly waving her arms around to hold on tight before giving Faitfore the signal to ascend at top speed.
“Waaah! It’s too fast! My butt kinda hurts if I sit on her, so I have to float, but I don’t think I’ll be able to fly on my own after experiencing this.”
Is this why you wrapped your legs around my waist?
“Stop shaking! It’s dangerous!”
The voice coming from behind me is annoying.
The reason why her butt hurts is probably because of Faitfore’s sacred attribute. It probably doesn’t sit very well with devils.
“Oh, I can see them.”
I slowed down and observed the group of flying devils from a distance.
Their bat-like wings resembled that of Loli Succubus, but they seem to be all men.
“Do you know what kind of devils they are?”
“Ugh, Incubi…”
Loli Succubus spat under her breath while making a disgusted face. It doesn’t seem like she gets along with them.
“Incubi are the male version of Succubi, right?”
I recall hearing about them being creatures that suck essence from women instead of men like the Succubi.
“Don’t compare me to them! Incubi are the natural foe of all succubi! Sure, we are both dream demons, but they are all creepy narcissists who have an overly inflated opinion of themselves. Just seeing them makes my skin crawl!”
Her face turned bright red as she worked herself up during her rant. It seems like she really dislikes them.
She gets along with just about anyone other than Axis Cultists, so it’s really surprising to see her show such spite and disgust towards someone.
“So I guess going up to talk to them is out of the question. Alright, I guess I’ll think of something else.”
“No, I’ll do it. Please let me do it!”
I thought she would’ve lost her motivation, but she instead said that with a look of determination in her eyes.
“Well, aren’t you motivated. What’s up?”
“I once lost a customer to a cross-dressing incubus… He told me that he liked cute girls like me, but he went ‘Not a boyish-looking girl, but an actual boy!? That is exactly what I’ve been looking for!’ and tossed me aside! Can you believe that!? It’s ridiculous, isn’t it!? I’ll never forget that humiliation! Unforgivable, unforgivable, unforgivable…”
She clenched her fist and started muttering under her breath like she was trying to cast some kind of curse.
It sounds like I’d be better off not prying too deeply into that.
Still, at this rate, she might end up marching up to them and hurling insults into their faces. I should try and lighten her mood a little.
“I-I see. That guy has a really poor eye for people. No matter how you look at it, you’re far more charming. If it was me, I would’ve chosen you in a heartbeat.”
“Ehehe, right? You do get it.”
Her mood instantly improved and she shyly started tracing circles around her cheek with her finger.
Between Yunyun and her, it feels like I’m surrounded by nothing but easily fooled people. Ah, though, I guess that doesn’t apply to Lynn.
“Oh, they landed and seem to be taking a break. If you want to talk to them, now’s your chance.”
“Okay. Oh, Dust-san, please come together with me.”
“Why? Wouldn’t they be on guard if a human like me was with you?”
“It’s fine. I’ll handle that part, leave it to me.”
Seeing her this confident somehow made me even more uneasy, but since I’ve already decided to leave it to her, I have no choice but to trust her with this.
We landed some distance away in order to avoid their attention, and Faitfore turned back into her human form and crawled onto my back as usual.
Then we approached where the Incubus have set up camp, with me standing a short distance behind Loli Succubus.
As we got closer, I managed to get a clear look at them for the first time, but, really, what the hell are they?
They had overly lush and thick hair, they had piercings dangling from their ears, and despite looking clearly male, their faces were caked with makeup. They even had eye shadow.
They wore black suits without a tie. The shirt that they wore underneath were garishly coloured, and had a large gap at the chest area, exposing them for everyone to see. Seeing a man’s bare bosom doesn’t make me happy at all.
They had several rings on their fingers, and the way they constantly caught the sun is kinda annoying.
After landing on the ground, their wings have disappeared, making them look just like ordinary people at first glance.
“Um, what are you all doing here?”
Loli Succubus fearlessly approached and called out to them, despite them being totally suspicious by any metric.
“Oh, hey, aren’t you a cute little thing. Is there something you want with us?”
He glanced at me, but completely ignored me. It seems like they just aren’t interested in men. Well, I suppose I can’t get too angry about that.
“…Umm, I’m just wondering what you are all doing here…”
“Well, we are just taking a break under the shade of this tree, my pretty little bird.”
I think I felt a chill go down my spine.
Can’t you guys say anything without wildly gesturing? And stop flipping your needlessly long bangs every time you talk. If it’s getting in the way, then just cut it off.
“Is that so?”
To think that she would be able to keep smiling despite facing a bunch of guys whose very existence is annoying, I must really hand it to Loli Succubus.
“By the way. You are all incubi, right?”
She said while tilting her head, and all the incubi suddenly stood up at once.
Oh, their smiles are completely gone from their faces. So they can put on a serious look when they want to.
I took a few steps forward and put myself in front of Loli Succubus.
“Oh, wow, that’s so cool──. I wonder, just what are you thinking coming up to talk to us despite knowing our true identities?”
Bat wings sprouted out from their backs all at once. It seems like they have abandoned any attempts to keep their identities secret.
“There’s no need to be so alarmed. I’m a devil too.”
Loli Succubus stepped to the side and turned around, showing off the bat-like wings on her back.
“Oh! If you’re part of the same business, you should’ve told us earlier.”
The tense atmosphere disappeared in an instant.
When he made two finger guns and winked at her while saying “Oh, you’re such a bad girl”, it made me almost want to puke.
“Are you heading towards the town of Axel?”
“Yeah. We have a little job there.”
“Could you be scouting the place in preparation for the attack?”
“Hmm? Well now, that’s a top secret even amongst the Demon King’s Army, so how do you know about it?”
Their tone remained light, but their eyes suddenly narrowed.
There were a few of them who started reaching for the daggers at their waist.
“Well, you see, I’m also sneaking into Axel to gather intelligence.”
“Hmm? But the man next to you is a human, right?”
“Yes, indeed. He’s a collaborator with the Demon King’s Army.”
If you’re going to come up with such a back story, you should tell me in advance. If you suddenly spring that on me, all I can do is just smile.
And I doubt they’ll believe such an obviously made up cover story.
“Come on, look at his flippant face. He really does look like a traitor, doesn’t he?”
“Ah, that’s true. Is the child on his back camouflage too? Not bad.”
“You really like money, don’t you?”
“I get you, I get you. You might be wearing clothes, but you’re nothing but a pig underneath.”
I’ll kill these guys later.
I really don’t like how they believed it so easily, but for now I’ll have to be patient.
“Incidentally, I’m a subordinate of Vanir-sama.”
“Eh, you’re talking about that Vanir-sama, right? The same one who pulled all kinds of pranks at the Demon King’s castle and gave the Demon King nothing but headaches, right? I heard he was demoted… I really feel for you.”
He used his original way of speaking for a moment there. Still, I can’t believe Sir Vanir used to pull that kind of stuff at the Demon King’s castle, too.
Kazuma told me that Sir Vanir used to be a General of the Demon King while we were sharing a few cups together, but I thought he was exaggerating and dismissed it. I can’t believe it was actually true.
If I recall, he’s working at Wiz’s store because he wants a dungeon of his own and is saving up for that, right?
“Then, shall we exchange some information?”
“Yes, please.”
I feigned an air of disinterest as I listened in on the conversation.
Thanks to Loli Succubus who’ve spent years training her conversation skills while working in the service industry, we managed to gain quite a fair bit of useful information.
In short, the Incubi, who had the most experience with humans and could easily pass themselves off as humans, were chosen to be the scouting part.
While it’s true that they look close enough to humans, their eccentric dress sense and mannerisms meant that there’s no way they can ever blend in.
Still, this is worse that I anticipated.
According to them, the Demon King’s Army dispatched far more forces to Axel than I expected.
Not only did they have an impressive amount of forces at their disposal, but they also sent out these guys to obtain detailed information about Axel in advance. It seems like the person in charge of the army is no fool.
And it would become far worse if they were alerted and reinforced. If they successfully managed to scout out Axel, they’ll be put on guard… No wait, will they be on guard if they know how Axel really is like?
Adventurers who start drinking and partying in the middle of the day.
And the free and spirited inhabitants who wouldn’t lose out to those adventurers.
Plus there’s the Axis Cultists led by Aqua-nee-chan who go around doing whatever they want, causing trouble and being disliked by everyone.
…Wouldn’t letting them see that actually cause them to lower their guard?
“Um, if you don’t mind, I can show you around the town of Axel. I know that town inside and out, ehehehe.”
After they finished talking, I interjected while rubbing my hands together, but Loli Succubus looked at me in confusion.
“Eh? Really? That’ll help a lot! Thanks!”
The incubus replied in a frivolous tone, accompanied with exaggerated body movements.
Ah, I really want to punch him in his face.
“Hold on, Dust-san.”
Loli Succubus pulled on my clothes and dragged me aside.
Once we’ve gotten a fair distance away, she pulled on my ear and whispered.
“What are you thinking?! Why are you helping the enemy!?”
“Don’t yell in my ear! Think about it. Rather than letting them wander around as they will, wouldn’t it be better for us to guide them around?”
“You mean only letting them see stuff that would put them off their guard, right? …Well, it is true. You really did think it through for once.”
“There’s no need to say ‘for once’, but yes. If you ask the other succubi for help, we should be able to avoid giving them information they shouldn’t know.”
“I see. Okay, I’ll go speak to my coworkers and senpais!”
“I’m counting on you.”
Hopefully, this will make the Demon King’s Army lower their guard.
I left dealing with the Incubi to Loli Succubus and returned to the Adventurer’s guild.
After locating Lynn and the others who went back before me, I joined them at the table.
“Oh, you’re back. What happened to the Devils?”
“I’ve taken care of that. Oh, and I heard some really bad information──”
I gave them an abridged version of what happened while leaving out anything that has to do with Succubi.
When I told them that the forces of the Demon King’s Army are far larger than we expected, they gave me wide eyed looks.
“Hey, isn’t this bad?”
Keith muttered under her breath, but none of us replied.
It’s probably because all of us are thinking the same thing.
“We might have a few adventurers above level 30, but even so we really don’t have that much combat power. Wouldn’t this be pretty tough?”
“I agree with Taylor. It might be impossible to simply rely on adventurers alone.”
Taylor and Lynn both said with serious tones.
“Even if you say that, we don’t exactly have a lot of other options. There’s the guards and the cops, but they aren’t particularly strong and there are very few of them. Someone strong enough to fight on par with adventurers…”
“It’d be reassuring if we could get Vanir-san and Wiz-san on our side.”
I did pay a visit to the magic item shop to make sure, but they happened to be out at the time.
I don’t think they’ll fight against us, but it’s unclear if they will actively help us. Wiz will probably be willing to do it, but Vanir is a former Demon King’s general, after all.
“I wonder. I have high hopes for Sir, but I can’t read his mind.”
Even after spending so much time at his side, I still have no idea what goes through his head.
I do know he loves the dark emotions that humans produce when they experience disappointment, but that’s about it.
“In that case, the only thing we can do is get stronger, but there’s a limit as to how many levels I can gain in such a short period of time. We might be able to level up faster if we had the weakest class like Kazuma, but for us, getting one or two levels would probably be the limit.”
“It’s just as you said, Dust. If only there’s a way for us to suddenly become stronger in a snap.”
Taylor’s words caused us to cross our arms and sigh.
Raising our levels would be the best option, but I doubt we’ll be able to gain that much power in such a short time.
In this situation where we had nothing to do but worry, Lynn suddenly looked up from the floor and stared at me.
“But, even if it is impossible for us, can’t Dust do it? If he can get back his strength as a Dragon Knight?”
Hearing that, Taylor and Keith suddenly turned to look at me.
“Oh, yeah, training Dust up is our shortcut to victory.”
“Leaving everything to Dust doesn’t sit well with me, but it seems like that is the only way.”
Normally I would’ve flatly turned them down because it’s too troublesome, but this time is different. If I could regain my former strength, it might open up a path to victory.
“Alright, leave it to me! I’ll endure any sort of training you send my way!”
I put on a strong front in order to inspire my companions.
“What kind of training would be best, I wonder? A painful course that leaves you one step away from death would probably be best.”
“Hey, Lynn.”
Why are you suddenly saying such dangerous things out of the blue?
“Ah, how about we throw him into some dangerous dungeon somewhere. He probably won’t die with a spear in hand. Yeah, that could work.”
“Hey, Keith.”
Why are these guys saying such callous things like it’s none of their business?
“No, wait, we should think about this seriously. If we want him to regain his strength, the best way to do so would be to fight against large numbers. However, if he’s going up against weaklings, it wouldn’t be much good as training.”
Oh, as expected of Taylor. He’s the only one who has given a proper suggestion.
“So we need an enemy that’s fairly strong, numerous, and is also something Dust will fight against to his last breath. If only there was such a convenient enemy…”
“Would there even be a foe that would fit all those requirements? But, well, as long as Dust is willing to fight them, the rest should fall into place. You’ll be fine with anything that’s humanoid and looks pretty enough, right?”
“Oh, you do get me.”
As I nod in complete agreement, Lynn glared at me.
“Female monsters that come in large numbers… Ah, I just thought of something.”
Keith clapped his hands together before whispering in Taylor and Lynn’s ear.
After hearing it, their faces lit straight up and they started nodding in agreement.
“Oh, that’s a really good idea, Keith!”
“Yeah, yeah, it fills all the conditions!”
“Hey, don’t just keep it amongst yourself, tell me too. It’s just making me more curious.”
“Oh, you’ll know when you get there.”
The wide smiles the three of them gave me made me even more concerned, but they wouldn’t tell me anything more no matter how often I asked.
My instincts are telling me this is a dangerous place to be.
I silently slipped my chair back.
“Oh, I just remembered I have something important to attend to. Seeya.”
I hurriedly tried to get up, but Keith and Taylor grabbed me by the shoulders before I could leave.
“Where do you think you’re going? Didn’t you say you’ll endure any sort of training?”
“Don’t worry, you’ll meet with the female monsters you like so much. And she’ll have huge tits too.”
“Isn’t that great, Dust?”
“Who would believe that!? And stop talking to me in that fake gentle tone! Faitfore, stop eating and help me!”
I called out to my partner, who had been busy filling her belly this entire time, for help.
She glanced in my direction and looked like she was about to stand up, but Lynn slid her dessert in front of her, and she instantly sat back down.
“Don’t let your appetite get the better of you! H-Hey, why are you approaching with that rope!? Come on, let’s talk this out calmly, yeah? C-Come on!”
My companions ignored my words entirely, and soon I was tied up and being airlifted to the destination.
As I swayed in the wind, I could see the plains flying past below me.
We flew along at speeds far surpassing that of any carriage, and Axel quickly disappeared from view.
Did Princess Leonor see the same scenery when she was strung up like this?
“Umm, say, can’t you untie me now?”
“No way. If we untie you, you’d run away.”
“Where would I run to!?”
Right now, I’m currently tied up as we flew through the sky.
To be more specific, I’m currently hanging from a rope attached to Faitfore’s neck.
Lynn is the only one riding on Faitfore’s back.
Having Taylor and Keith along would be too heavy for Faitfore, so Lynn was the only one who came along. They were looking at Fatifore enviously as we left.
…Seems like they really wanted to ride her.
“Yeah, this wind feels good.”
I tried to enjoy the situation in order to escape the reality of the situation, but that didn’t change anything at all.
“Hmm? This scenery looks familiar.”
“Of course it would. You’ve come here before.”
Hmm? I’ve been here before?
We flew in a straight line ever since we left Axel… Ah, right, if we go in this direction, we’ll reach…
“Did you forget? If we keep heading in this direction, we’ll reach Alcanretia.”
“Pfft!? H-Hey, are you serious? What business do you have bringing me to the headquarters of the Axis Cultists?”
I have nothing but bad memories of that city.
Between the aggressive recruitment efforts and the chaos that Sir Vanir caused, I have no desire to go back to that city filled with nothing but crazies!
“Let me down! I’d rather die than go to that city again!”
There’s no way I would come out unscathed if I fell from this height, but it’s better than going to that city.
As I flailed around with that in mind, my body suddenly descended towards the ground.
“Uwaaaaaaah!?”
“If you want to go down so badly, then I’ll give you what you want.”
Faitfore swooped down, stopping right before hitting the ground, at which point the rope attaching me to her was cut and I was tossed to the ground.
“That hurts! What are you doing!?”
“I just did what you asked. Oh, and here’s your spear too. Good luck~.”
The spear she threw impaled itself into the ground just a few fingers away from me. Hey that was dangerous!
Lynn, riding on Faitfore’s back, gave me a casual wave.
“Wait a minute! What are you trying to do, dropping me off in a place like this!? Which direction is Alcanretia!?”
“You don’t need to worry about that. This is our destination. Plus we’ve passed Alcanretia a long time ago. Dust, listen closely. This is the territory of a certain type of monster. All you need to do is survive. Good luck with that.”
After saying that, She and Lynn quickly ascended and took to the air.
I suppose this is better than being taken to Alcanretia.
I don’t know what kind of monster lives here, but I’ll just take them down when they show up.
As I took up my spear and scanned the area, I spotted a small dust cloud in the distance. It seems to be rapidly approaching.
“What is that? A pack of Lizard Runners?”
I squinted my eyes in that direction, and the figures slowly became clearer.
The moment I realized what they were, I broke out into cold sweat.
“Everyone, look! There’s a handsome blondie over there!”
“That slick and wild look is just my thing!!!”
“He looks like he has a strong sex drive! I can’t wait!”
A horde of female orcs appeared on the horizon with those loud cries.
“Y-You’re kidding me…”
Orcs are a race of monsters with an extremely high sex drive and whose male popluation has been completely wiped out.
Worst of all, they aren’t just attracted to their own kind, but to humans too.
It’d be fine if they at least looked like humans, but even the ones who had hair had pig-like faces and rotund, hairy bodies. For most humans, that’s completely unacceptable.
And now a group of such creatures were rushing over to me while drooling the entire way.
It’s a nightmarish sight.
“Stop joking! Hey, Lynn! Get down here this instant! If you do it right now I’ll forgive you!”
“You can do it. I believe in you. …Make sure you protect it.”
Don’t cry fake tears for me!
“What do you mean by protect!? Make it clear! Are you talking about Axel? Or my partner!?”
I shouted at Lynn, but she simply waved at me as she flew off even further into the distance.
“You seriously abandoned me… You best remember this. When I get back, I’m going to strip you naked and fondle those pitiful breasts of yours!”
Just as I whipped around with my spear, the spear head fell off.
You’re kidding me, right? Without a spearhead, this is just a long stick!
That old man cheated me!
“Oh, my, what are you planning to do with such a long rod in your hand?”
“If you really want to fondle breasts that much, you can do it to your heart’s content!”
I fearfully turned around, only to find that the orcs have already formed a semicircle around me.
All of them were blushing and breathing heavily. Don’t push your breasts together to emphasize them!
Their glowing, lust-filled eyes were just like that of a hunter after having located his prey.
“S-Say, don’t you think humans and orcs are incompatible with each other?”
“It’s fine, we don’t discriminate against other species, so it’s fine! You just need to stare up into the sky and do nothing!”
That’s not reassuring at all!
I looked for a way out, but they’ve already surrounded me. Just how many of them are there?
“I wonder if your hidden weapon is as wonderful as that stick you’re holding. Pant, pant.”
“No, no, it’s just as shabby as a rusty dagger! It’ll definitely disappoint you!”
“I’m not one to discriminate based on your weapon. Even if it is a rusty dagger, I’ll be sure to polish it into a mighty greatsword with my mouth.”
“Seriously, give me a breaaaaaak!!”
I don’t even want to think what would happen if these guys got their hands on me.
If orcs at least looked similar to humans, I’d be happy to go along with them, but no matter how I squint, I can only see them as pigs that happened to walk on two legs.
“A cute adventurer boy got away from me the last time, but there’s no way I’ll let you escape!”
“I was so close to stealing his first time!”
I don’t know who they’re talking about, but if someone else got away from them, then so can I!
“Don’t you move! If you take one step closer…”
I waved my blunt stick around in front of me as a warning.
“No way. There’s too many things I can’t do if I don’t get closer.”
“I don’t dislike pain. We can start with you beating me, then I’ll take a ride on you.”
“Definitely not!”
Crap, these aren’t creatures I can reason with.
If I get taken down, I’ll definitely be squeezed dry!
There’s no way out of this but defeating them with this stick. God dammit all!
“I can’t take it anymore! Let’s get wet and slimy together!”
“I’ll let you take the upper half, but I’m taking the first ride on the lower half!”
The horde of orcs closed in on me.
“Graaaah! I’ll definitely get home with a clean body! I’m getting the best dream from the Succubi once I get back!”
After making that declaration, I shouted to the sky and charged at them with manly tears in my eyes.
Relying on my spear as a walking stick, I barely managed to stay standing. I’m completely naked from the waist up, and the only thing I had below that was my underwear. My hair is a complete mess too.
I took a deep breath and shouted to the sky.
“Hah, hah, hah. I escaaaaaapeeeed!”
The joyous cry echoed throughout the plains.
After taking down a few of them, I managed to break out from the encirclement and use the forest and guerilla tactics to take them out one by one, but their amazing recovery speed meant that they kept coming back to join the battle.
As a result, I couldn’t reduce their numbers at all.
No matter how many of them I defeated, they just kept coming back for more. It was a never ending nightmare.
After fighting for an entire day, I finally managed to escape from their clutches.
“When there’s a will, there’s a way…”
The sense of relief and freedom brought tears to my eyes.
I took a deep breath to calm myself.
“The head might have fallen off, but this still is a pretty good spear.”
The spear turned long stick held up very well. I’ve lost count of the number of times I’ve stabbed or bludgeoned something with it, and it’s still fully intact in my hand.
I casually swung around the stick that has been in my hand for half a day.
The sound it made as it swung through the air is clearly different. It’s now completely a part of me.
In fact, the more orcs I took down, the better this stick sat in my hands.
“Is it all thanks to them?”
It’s only thanks to being thrown into such adversity that I was able to regain my skills with a spear.
That time when an orc caught me and tore off my shirt──
Or that time when an orc licked my bare chest──
Or that time when I was this close from becoming one with them──
It’s all thanks to those experiences that I became stronger. I should thank my companions who threw me into this desperate situation…
“Like hell I can!”
Just thinking about the despair and fear I felt when I was being cornered made all the hairs on my body stand on end.
“I’ll never forgive you! I’ll never forgive you!”
After vowing revenge on my companions, I spotted a small white dot in the distance.
Seems like Faitfore is coming to pick me up. Though I still held a grudge against her for choosing to fill her belly over helping me, she definitely didn’t understand the situation at the time, so I think I’ll let her off.
However, I’ll never forgive those guys! Just wait till I get back to Axel.
“We’re sorry, Dust. This is our apology, please accept it.”
When Taylor spotted me entering the guild, he immediately approached me and said before I could even get a word in.
“You can’t resolve this with a single apology… Hey, what are you trying to do?”
I glanced into the bag he placed on the table and noticed quite a bit of money was in it.
“You can take it all with you. Go ahead and use it on women or gambling or anything else you want.”
“I’ll pretend nothing happened today.”
“O-Oh?”
I was taken aback by the sudden kindness of my friends, and my rage immediately subsided.
With this much money, I can pay off all my debts and still live comfortably for a few days.
“We’ll take care of Faitfore-chan for you too, so feel free to let loose.”
How considerate of you.
“If you’re willing to go that far, I’ll forgive you. Alright, I’m going to find a pretty lady to play… play…”
A sudden chill went down my spine.
Why did that orc’s face pop into my head? I’m about to go have fun with a pretty lady…
“Ara, Dust-san, you’re back.”
In response to that voice, I turned around to see Luna walking towards me with her respectable pair of breasts wobbling──
“Eeeep!”
“Eh? What’s the matter!?”
For some reason, I let out a scream upon seeing her chest.
“Ah, no, I mean, umm, sorry, but stay away from me.”
“Y-Yes?”
Luna walked away with a suspicious look on her face.
W-What’s wrong with me? For some reason, the moment I saw her breasts, my heart rate immediately spiked.
“You look pale. Is something wrong?”
“I-I’m fine.”
Seeing Lynn’s face calmed me down.
J-Just what was all that about?
I took a deep breath and looked around the room to calm myself down.
“Hmm?”
Upon seeing the waitresses and the female guild guild staff, my heart started beating rapidly and I once again broke out in cold sweat.
“What’s wrong with my body?”
I pressed my hand against my chest and looked at Lynn’s face, and the feeling immediately went away.
…It can’t be. I had an idea about what’s going on, so I decided to test it.
I looked back to the large chested waitress. Immediately, my heart began beating wildly.
I turned to Lynn, and I immediately calmed down.
So that is what is going on.
“Why are you glancing at me like that?”
Lynn said, her cheeks flushing slightly as she put on a mask of anger.
“Well, you see, after having all those orcs chase me, I can’t help feel queasy when I see big breasts, but when I look at you I’m suddenly calm…”
With a slight crick, Lynn stood up.
Keith took his mug and backed away, and Taylor quickly led Faitfore away from the scene.
That was when I realized what a terrible mistake I made.
“Oh, so seeing large breasts reminds you of the orcs, but looking at me makes you calm, huh?”
“Ah, no, I don’t mean it that way”
“Then what exactly do you mean? Fufu, fufufufu.”
Don’t wave your staff at me while laughing like that!
What are you going to do if even flat chests give me goosebumps!?
“Sigh~. I really feel safe next to you.”
“Where did that come from? Ah, did you finally notice my charms?”
After somehow escaping from a really angry Lynn, I found myself in front of the Succubus shop before I realized.
I saw Loli Succubus cleaning the floors with a broom, so I sat down and looked dreamily up at her.
“Ah, maybe.”
“W-What happened to you? If you keep staring at me like that, I’m going to get all hot and bothered.”
Loli Succubus placed a finger on her cheek and started nervously twisting around.
Her body has no protrusions at the front or the back, so it doesn’t remind me of an orc at all.
It really helps that I don’t feel fear even when I’m next to her.
“Come to think of it, what happened to the Incubi?”
“It’s going well. My colleagues and senpai are showing them around town. It seems like what they see is causing them to relax.”
“It’d be great if this could cause them to reduce their forces.”
“Ah, speaking of which, it seems like Kazuma is back in town. Vanir-sama told me when he was back at the shop.”
Oh, so Kazuma is back from his training. I heard that he went out with Sir and Wiz for some exercise, but I wonder how strong he has gotten.
He’s probably hanging around the adventurer’s guild, so I suppose I can buy him a drink and listen to his stories while I’m at it.
“Right, I’m heading back to the guild to ask him about it.”
“Please wait, I’m going with you. I want to hear all about Vanir-sama’s accomplishments too.”
“Couldn’t you just ask Sir directly if you want to know?”
There’s no need to go around him to hear it from Kazuma, right?
“Well, see, Vanir-sama said ‘I’m busy arranging a large business deal, so I don’t have time to concern myself with you’ before chasing me out of the shop. Ah, but his cold attitude is nice, too.”
She really is a diehard fan of Sir to the end, isn’t she?
“A large business deal, huh? Did he find a way to make a large amount of money? I really want to be a part of it, but I suppose I can ask him about it later. You can follow me if you want.”
“Okay, I’ll go with you~.”
With Loli Succubus in tow, I returned to the guild and joined up with my companions.
Lynn was glaring at me, but it seems like her mood is much better than it was before.
“I’m back. I heard Kazuma’s back?”
I avoided meeting Lynn’s gaze and asked Taylor.
“Kazuma just left. It sounded like he exaggerated things, but he really spun an interesting tale about his trip to the dungeon.”
“So I just missed him. Ah, I wanted to share a mug with him while trading stories.”
“That’s a shame. Oh yeah, Kazuma is planning to leave tomorrow, so he asked us to teach him as many skills as possible before he leaves. It seems like he spoke to pretty much everyone who was here before he left.”
Keith said something strange as he nursed his drink.
“Even if he knows the skills, where is he going to get the skill points from? He couldn’t have leveled up that much.”
“Vanir-san and Wiz-san helped him level up. From what he said, it went really well.”
Lynn joined in the conversion, still sounding somewhat grumpy.
“I heard that Adventurers find it easier to gain experience. Also, they do say that people without talent gain levels more easily.”
Hearing Taylor’s statement, I instantly understood.
By all metrics, Kazuma is by no means talented. His high luck and his ability to pull through at the last moment is remarkable, but his physical attributes just aren’t suited for an adventurer.
That’s why he could level up so quickly.
“But, even if he has gotten stronger, is it really okay?”
I can understand Lynn’s worry.
“Going after Aqua-nee-san means getting close to the Demon King’s castle. If he messes up, he might even end up right inside it.”
I said it jokingly, but knowing Kazuma’s knack for getting into trouble…
Kazuma has already gotten involved with several Generals of the Demon King’s Army on multiple occasions. Considering his luck and his performance so far, it wouldn’t be surprising if he really ended up fighting the Demon King.
“Well, I’ll help him out. It’s just skills, after all. If he wants them, he can have as many as he likes.”
“Yeah. And if a beginner adventurer from Axel really did end up defeating the Demon King, it’d be an unprecedented feat.”
“They could even turn this place into a tourist attraction as the town that raised the hero!”
“Taylor, Keith, you’re being way too optimistic. But, well, it sure would be nice if it did happen.”
My companions looked at each other and shared a laugh.
If Kazuma really did manage to defeat the Demon King, he’d probably be hailed as a hero.
“As his best friend, I’ll support him to the best of my ability. If he really succeeds, I’d be hailed as the good friend of the hero too, right? So everyone would be all over me too!”
“No, no, that’s not happening.” x3
“No one would believe you even if you say you’re the good friend of the hero.”
“Kazuma would just go ‘I don’t know that guy. He’s a stranger.'”
“Yeah, that sounds like him!”
Not just my companions, but the other adventurers in the guild who happened to be listening in joined in as well.
They’re having a blast saying all kinds of bad things about me.
“Hmph, Kazuma isn’t that heartless of a person!”
“But the last time you were arrested for sexual harassment and turned to Kazuma for help, he said you were a stranger, didn’t he?”
“Come to think of it, didn’t he act like you’re a stranger during the trial too?”
Now that they mention it…
“No, no, that’s just him being embarrassed! Isn’t that what friendship between men is all about?”
“Not at all!” x3
“Whoever said that just now, stand right up! I’m going to feed you my iron fists of fury!”
When I woke up, it was morning.
It seemed like I fell asleep on the guild floor. I stretched my stiff body.
I don’t remember too much about the big fight, but it seems like I fell asleep immediately after that.
“How long are you planning to sleep for? Everyone’s already at the meeting point.”
Lynn was looking down at me.
If she was wearing a skirt, this would be the perfect angle, but there’s nothing to get excited about when she’s wearing a pair of shorts.
“What meeting point are you talking about?”
“You really are… Kazuma and the others are boarding a carriage to leave town. Didn’t you say you’ll teach him skills before he leaves?”
“Ah, yeah, come to think of it, I did say that.”
I stood up and picked up the sword that was propped against a nearby wall.
This sword was given to me by Princess Leonor. At first glance, it’s just a regular sword, but it is a genuine magic sword.
If I trust what Princess Leonor told me, this sword is worth an untold amount of money.
She gave it to me even knowing that…
“Hey, what are you doing? If you don’t hurry, you’ll miss Kazuma.”
“I know, I know. I’m coming.”
I hung my sword on my waist and followed after Lynn.
There already was a crowd of adventurers waiting at the carriage pick-up point. Kazuma, Megumin, and Darkness were there, too.
And with them was Sir Vanir and that giant bird.
They seemed to be talking about something, but they soon wrapped up. I took a step forward as the representative of the adventurers and pulled out my sword.
“──Right, then, Kazuma, are you ready to learn some skills?”
The next step is for all the adventurers present to teach him skills.
“You’re heading off to fight the Demon King mano a mano, so it’s only right for us to beat you… I mean, properly train you before you go. Think of it as our farewell gift.”
“You were about to say beat me senseless, weren’t you? And I’m not planning on charging at the Demon King and fighting him one on one! Truth be told, all I really want to do is bring Aqua back!”
Kazuma was desperately denying it, but Megumin and Darkness simply nodded along behind him with wry smiles on their faces. It seems like they fully intend on fighting the Demon King.
Despite his words, I’m still surprised that Kazuma chose to go on such a dangerous journey to retrieve Aqua-nee-san. The other adventurers seem to share similar sentiments.
“Say, Kazuma, maybe it’s best if you don’t go on this journey.”
Suddenly, such worried words came from the crowd.
“I’m glad for your concern, but right now I’m one of the strongest people in this town. Leave Aqua and the Demon King to me, you guys just make sure to protect this town where my mansion is located.”
Seeing Kazuma brazen bragging, all the adventurers, me included, tensed up.
This is followed by a storm of insults and complaints.
It’s all stuff like “weakling who relied on Vanir and Wiz’s power to become strong”, or “scumbag who used money to buy power” and other similar sentiments.
“You guys will make a great warm up before I take on the Demon King! Show me all the skills that I haven’t learnt yet! My name is Satou Kazuma, I’ll take you all on!”
Kazuma’s statement pushed everyone present over the edge.
We traded glances, weapons in our hand, and immediately rushed Kazuma all at once.
“…W-What happened here?”
A voice that sounded very much like Wiz’s echoed around the carriage pick up point.
I somehow managed to turn to face her, and saw Wiz fumbling with a large package. It seemed like she had something to give to Kazuma and was late because of that.
Well, normal people would be taken aback upon seeing such a sight.
Countless adventurers lay sprawled all over the ground.
After a fierce battle with Kazuma, everyone is laying on the ground, unable to move. Of course, that included Kazuma too.
I admit that I underestimated him as the bearer of the weakest class, but even so, he did pretty well.
Sure, he used all kinds of underhanded tricks, but his growth really surprised me. I can’t believe a single adventurer managed to push us this far all by himself.
But don’t get the wrong idea.
It’s not like Kazuma defeated all of us by himself.
Things only ended up this way because quite a few of us saw how he was about to cry and went easy on him. That’s a very important point!
Still, Kazuma should’ve learnt all kinds of skills from that exchange.
With his current strength and his ability to make snap decisions and his knowledge of underhanded tactics, he might actually give the Demon King a good run for his money.
“Are you taking a nap, Dust-san?”
“If you really think so, you might as well gouge out your eyes and throw them away.”
Loli Succubus crouched down next to my head. Don’t take this opportunity when I can’t move to poke my cheeks.
“What are you doing here? Did you come to see Kazuma and the others off, too?”
“That’s part of it, but I’m mainly here to see you, Dust-san. I happened to be passing by the old man who runs the general store, and he asked me if I could give this to you.”
Saying that, she left a spear in front of me.
I paid a visit to him yesterday, complaining about the poor quality of the spearhead that fell off so easily, and he promised to fix it by tomorrow. I never expected him to really do it.
“All customers who are taking the carriage to Alcanretia, please board immediately.”
Hearing the driver’s voice, Kazuma and the others got onto the carriage.
The rest of us gathered by the carriage to see them off.
“Now then, I’ll be heading off to bring that idiot back!”
In response to Kauzma’s words, the adventurers responded with shouts of encouragement.
Rather than giving him any kind of strange pressure, it sounded just like our usual ribbing.
There is one thing I’m worried about, though. His weapons.
The sword Kazuma had hanging off his waist isn’t a bad weapon, but it’s just an ordinary sword. It’s not really an adequate weapon for someone heading off to fight the Demon King.
I let out a huge sigh and looked down at my waist.
This precious sword has been with me all this time ever since I left that country.
The truth is, this sword has a special ability that I’ve yet to tell anyone.
If the wielder is attacked by a spell that would cause fatal damage, it has the ability to completely nullify it once, no matter what it is.
Princess Leonor entrusted it to me because she was worried about me after I became an exile.
I was planning to keep it with me for the rest of my life.
But it’s not only a protective charm; it’s also a chain that ties me back to my home country… To Princess Leonor.
As long as I have this, there’s no way I will be able to forget my past as a knight.
“Hey, Kazuma! That sword of yours, it’s just an ordinary sword without any sort of magic on it, right!? Just in case, you should take this with you!”
I removed my sword from my waist and tossed it to Kazuma.
“That’s technically an enchanted weapon. It isn’t a legendary-tier weapon that can only be equipped by a specific class, so even you should be able to make use of it. Just make sure you bring it back to me after you defeat the Demon King!”
I put on a cool front and grinned at him, and Kazuma responded with a look of surprise.
It seems like he finally realized how manly I am.
Lynn stared at our exchange from the side, before something sparked in her eye and a mischievous grin came over her face.
“Oh, I see. In the one in a million chance that Kazuma actually defeats the Demon King, that sword would become known as the sword wielded by the hero, and be worth a whole lot more. Kazuma, I’m pretty sure Dust picked up that sword from the body of a fallen adventurer he ran across in a dungeon, so there’s no need to give it back~.”
“Dammit, Lynn, how could you ruin my get rich quick plan!?”
I pretended to be angry and chased after Lynn. While we were running around, Kazuma’s carriage departed.
Naturally, we stopped and turned to look at the carriage as it went off into the distance.
“Was it really okay? Isn’t it an important item you got from the Princess?”
Lynn stared at me with a serious look that was at complete odds with how she was just a moment ago.
She knew how important that sword was to me and still went along with my story. I’ll have to thank her later.
Thank you for everything you’ve done, my partner. Please protect my friend.
“It’s fine, I have this spear. Plus… I don’t need that sword anymore.”
Now that I’ve cut ties with Princess Leonor… with my past, it’s no longer of any use to me.
I’m sure it’d be more useful with Kazuma than with me.
“If he really did defeat the Demon King and bring that sword back, I’d be sure to make a fortune.”
“Defeating the Demon King sounds like some far-fetched story, but for some reason, I really feel that Kazuma and the others might actually do it.”
“He’s my best friend, after all. Now then, it wouldn’t be much of a funny joke if he defeated the Demon King only to come back home to a pile of rubble. We should do our best, too.”
We don’t have time to worry about him now.
The Demon King’s Army would be attacking Axel within a few days. We need to clear our mind and make ready to intercept them.
Earlier, when Kazuma and Wiz were talking, I overheard them saying that Sir Vanir and Wiz will lend their power to the defence of the town.
This would greatly increase our strength, but it’s far from a sure-fire thing.
There’s a limit as to how many levels the adventurers in town can gain in a few days, and I can’t expect them to get dramatically stronger in such a short amount of time.
Now, then, what should we do…
