Satou Kazuma-san, welcome to the afterlife. Unfortunately, you’ve died. It might’ve been short, but your life’s now over.
… May I ask one thing?
Please, go ahead.
… The girl that was knocked away by me, is she still alive?
She lives! But she fractured her leg.
But, she wouldn’t have been hurt if you hadn’t knocked her away.
… Huh?
The tractor would’ve stopped before hitting the girl. I mean, it was just a slow tractor after all. That means that your unnecessary meddling by acting like a hero made things worse… Puhehe!
… What’d you say? A tractor? Not a truck?
That’s right, a tractor. If a truck had been speeding toward that girl, she would’ve noticed it and gotten away.
Eh, but what about me? Did I die after getting hit by the tractor?
No, you died from shock. You thought you were ran over by a truck and went into shock. I’ve been doing this for a long time, but you’re the first to die in such a hilarious way!
Because of your close call with the tractor, you lost consciousness and control of your bowels, and you were sent to a nearby hospital. As the doctors and nurses were laughing and saying, ‘What’s with this guy, how useless–’, you didn’t regain consciousness and your heart failed.
Shut up–! I don’t want to hear it! I don’t want to hear something so humiliating!
Your family reached the hospital, but before they could feel the sadness from their loss, they couldn’t help but burst into laughter upon hearing your cause of death.
Shut up, shut up! This can’t be real! How can there be such a useless way to die? This is unbelievable!
… Well, that ends my de-stressing session. This is our first meeting, Satou Kazuma-san. My name’s Aqua. I’m a goddess that guides young people who die in Japan. Now, putting aside how funny your demise was, you now have two options.
The first option would be reincarnating and beginning a new life; the other option would be staying in a place sort of like heaven and living the life of a retirement home.
Eh, well, how’s the place that’s sort of like heaven? More importantly, what do you mean by ‘retirement home’?
Heaven isn’t as great as you humans would imagine. You don’t need to eat after dying and won’t be able to make any food naturally; there aren’t any ingredients nor necessities for you to use anyway. I’m sorry if I disappointed you, but there’s nothing in heaven. No television, no manga and no games. Only other people that’ve died before you. Moreover, since you’re dead, you can’t do anything kinky. You can’t since you don’t even have a body. The only thing you can do is bask in the sun with your predecessors and chat. Forever.
Hey… You don’t want to go to a boring place like heaven, right? However, asking you to let go of all of your memories and start again as a baby’s the same as erasing your existence, since your memories will be gone. And so, I’ve great news for you!
Do you like games?
The people who died in that world were killed by the Demon King’s army and were very afraid, saying that they didn’t want to die like that again. Therefore, almost all of the people who died rejected reincarnating in that world again. More specifically, that world will end if this continues since babies will cease to be born there. Hence, we’ll solve that problem by sending the dead from other worlds over, right? That’s how it is.
And since we’re sending people over, we should find people that’ve died young and still yearn to live and send them over with their original body and memories. It’ll be meaningless if they were to die immediately after going over, so we’ll grant a privilege to all of those going to that world, allowing them to take one thing they like. It may be a powerful ability, an exceptional talent or a god-level weapon. What do you think? It might be another world, but you can live once more. For the people of that world, someone will appear who can fight immediately. How about it? Isn’t this great news?
Um, I have a question, what about the language? Will I be able to speak the language of the other world?
This isn’t a problem. With the gentle aid of the gods, knowledge of the language will be beamed directly into your brain the moment you head over to the other world. You’ll even be able to read! As a side effect, your brain might be wiped blank if you’re unlucky… Anyway, all that’s left is to choose a powerful ability or weapon.
Hold on, I heard something important just now. Did you say my brain might be wiped blank if I’m unlucky?
I didn’t say that.
You did.
Please choose. I may grant you one and only one power. It may be a powerful unique ability, or perhaps a legendary weapon. Come, it can be anything. You have the privilege to bring this one thing to the other world.
Hey, hurry up. It doesn’t matter which one you choose, nobody’s expecting much of a hikikomori gaming otaku. Can you just pick one and be on your way? Anything will do. Hurry up, hurry up…
I-I’m not an otaku…! And I died outside, so I’m not a hikikomori…!
It doesn’t matter, just hurry up and choose. There are still many dead souls waiting in line!
… Okay, I choose you!
Ah, okay, please stand there and don’t move out of the magic circle…
… What’d you just say?
I understand. Well then, I’ll take over Aqua-sama’s job from now on.
… Eh?
Wait…! Huh, what’s happening? Eh, you can’t be serious! No! No…! Hold on! This is too weird! Isn’t it cheating to bring a goddess along? This shouldn’t count! Wait! Wait, okay?
Have a safe trip, Aqua-sama. Please leave the rest to me. We’ll send envoys to welcome you back right after the Demon King’s defeated. Before you return, I’ll handle all of your tasks.
Wait! Wait! I may have the ability to heal as a goddess, but I have no combat ability to speak of! It’s impossible for me to defeat the Demon King!
Satou Kazuma-san, you’ll be heading to another world now and will become one of the hero candidates to defeat the Demon King. You’ll receive a gift from the gods the moment you defeat the Demon King.
… Gift?
That’s right, a gift befitting the saviour of the world… You’ll be granted a wish; it may be anything you want.
Oh!
Wait! Giving that cool speech is my job!
How does it feel to be companions with a man you look down on? Hey, you’re the ‘thing’ I’ve chosen to bring along! Since you’re a goddess, use your godly powers to make my adventure a breeze!
No! Going to another world with a man like this, no way…!
Hero, may you be victorious among the many hero candidates and be the one to defeat the Demon King…! Well then, I bid you farewell!
Wah! That’s my line!
…Another world… Hey, it really is another world. Eh, it’s for real. Am I going to use magic and go on adventures in this world?
AHHH! …AHHH…!
Animal ears! There’s someone with animal ears! Elf ears! Is that an elf? With such striking facial features, she definitely has to be one! Goodbye hikikomori life! Hello different world! If it’s this world, then I’m willing to go out and work obediently!
AHHH! …AHHH! …AHHH…!
Hey, you’re noisy. What would you do if people think I’m friends with a crazy woman like you? Stop screaming. You should be giving something to me at a time like this. Look at what I’m wearing. A tracksuit? I’ve finally arrived in a fantasy world and I’m wearing a tracksuit. According to the norm in games, you should be giving me the minimum equipment…
AHHH–!
Whoa! What…? What are you doing, don’t act this way! I get it! I’ll do something about the basic equipment. I should say that I was wrong. If you hate it that much, you can go back. I’ll work out the rest on my own.
What are you saying? I’m troubled because I can’t go back! What now? Hey, what should I do? What am I going to do from now on?
Hey, calm down, goddess, the first place to visit should be the tavern. Everything starts from collecting information at a tavern, that’s the standard in RPGs.
Huh…? You’re supposed to be just a hikikomori-gaming NEET,  so why are you so reliable? Ah, Kazuma, my name’s Aqua. I don’t mind you addressing me as goddess, but do call me by my name whenever possible or else citizens will surround us and we won’t be able to go on adventures and take down the Demon King. This might be a different world, but I’m still one of the revered gods in it.
Aqua, please tell me where the adventurer’s guild is. Which way should we go?
…? I wouldn’t know even if you ask me. I know the common knowledge of this world, but not the specifics of this town. This is just one of the many existing planets, and just a small town at that! How should I know?
Excuse me–may I ask you something? I’m looking for a place like an adventurer’s guild…
Guild? Oh my, to not know where the guild is, might you be from out of town?
That’s right; I’m a traveller who came from a faraway land. I just reached this town.
Oh my… Since you came to this town, you must be aiming to become an adventurer. Welcome to the town of novice adventurers, Axel. Follow the main road and turn right, you’ll then see the signboard for the guild.
Take a right down the road. Got it, thank you very much! … Hey, let’s go.
Hey, you came up with an excuse right on the spot. Why are you able to handle this so perfectly? You seem to be a capable guy, so why were you a hikiNEET without any friends or a girlfriend? Why would you want to stay at home all day and be a hikiNEET?
Not having friends or a girlfriend isn’t a bad thing. One can’t measure the value of a person by the number of friends or by having a significant other. Moreover, don’t call me a hikiNEET you damn bitch! Don’t combine hikikomori and NEET together…! I’m just sixteen; I’m too young to be a NEET by society’s standards…! There it is.
Ah, welcome. Please approach the counter if you’re looking for quests. If you’re here to dine, then please take any empty seat…!
Hey, they’re looking this way too blatantly. It must be the holy aura coming from me; they must’ve discovered that I’m a goddess.
… Listen carefully, Aqua… They’ll give us a tutorial if we register, enabling us to earn a living; that’s the kind of place adventurer guilds are. We should be able to take out a loan to prepare ourselves, complete simple jobs to get by and introduce ourselves to a good tavern. Most games start out this way. Normally, preparing the minimum essentials to live in this world should be your job, but never mind that. For today, let’s register with the guild, get some equipment and money, and find a place to sleep.
I don’t care about that. My job’s sending the dead to this world, but I get it. I’m not familiar with games, but what you said seems to be common sense for this world. So I just need to register to be an adventurer too, right?
That’s right. All right then, let’s go.
… Hey, the other three counters are empty. Why are you queuing here? We won’t have to wait if we go to another counter… Ah, because this counter worker’s the prettiest, huh? Really, I was a bit impressed and thought that you were reliable just now, but you’re really doing this?
Building a good rapport with the guild’s counter staff are the basics, and the pretty counter lady definitely has plenty of flags to raise. This means that there’ll be more shocking hidden side quests waiting for us. For example, the counter lady might be a powerful adventurer or something.
… Now that you mention it, I saw something similar in a manga. Sorry, I’ll wait in line obediently.
Good morning, how may I help you?
Eh, I want to become an adventurer. I come from the countryside and don’t know anything…
I see. There’ll be a registration fee, will that be okay?
… Hey Aqua, got any cash on you?
I was transported here suddenly, so how would it be possible for me to have any money?
… Hey, what now? We’re in a pinch right from the beginning. In games, you’ll normally get starting equipment, as well as some money for living expenses.
You suddenly become unreliable. However, there’s no helping it, since you’re a hikikomori after all. All right, it’s time for me to shine. Just watch, I’ll show you the capability of a goddess.
Man of the cloth, please state thy religion! I’m Aqua. That’s right, the goddess Aqua worshipped by the religious order of Axis! If thou art a believer…! … May you give me some aid by lending me some money?
… I’m from the Eris Sect.
Ah… I see, sorry…
Ah… Madam, you must be a follower of Axis. There were stories about Goddess Aqua and Goddess Eris being close, so this must be fate. I’ve been observing you. Might you be having trouble paying the registration fee? It’s just a small fee, so please take it as a blessing from Goddess Eris. But no matter how devout you are, you shouldn’t use the title of goddess in vain.
Ah… Okay, sorry… Thank you very much…
Ha, he didn’t believe that I’m a goddess… By the way, Goddess Eris’s my junior. I was pitied by the believer of my junior goddess and received his money…
What matters is that you completed the task. Think about it. If he really believed that you were a goddess, there’d be a different kind of trouble!
Eh, we’re back with the registration fees.
I… I see… The registration fee is 1,000 eris…
All right. Since you said you want to become an adventurer, you should have some level of understanding, but I’ll explain it from the start… First, adventurers are responsible for the extermination of monsters wandering outside the town, people who get rid of dangerous creatures that might harm the citizens. They’re also jacks-of-all-trades, taking on odd jobs that require their talents. Collectively known as adventurers are people who earn a living this way. And among adventurers, there are different jobs.
Experience Points are normally intangible things, but…
With this card, the Experience Points the adventurer absorbs will be shown here. At the same time, the level corresponding to your experience points will be displayed here. This shows how strong an adventurer is. How many enemies you defeat will be recorded here. With the accumulation of experience points, all creatures will grow stronger rapidly at some point, known as leveling up. Simply put, leveling up will grant you all sorts of benefits, such as skill points to learn new skills. So please work hard to increase your level.
Do you like games?
First, please fill in your height, weight, age and other details in the blanks.
That’ll be fine, please touch this card. This will display the strength of each of your abilities for reference when choosing your job. After accumulating skill points, you can learn skills that are available for your job. This is one of the key points in choosing occupations.
… All right, thank you. Satou Kazuma-san, right? Let’s see… Strength, vitality, magic, agility and speed… All of them are average. Intelligence is slightly better than average… Huh? Luck’s very high, but it’s not very relevant for adventurers… This is troubling. From the numbers, you can only choose the most basic Adventurer job! Since your luck’s so high, I suggest you give up being an adventurer and be a merchant instead… What’ll you like to do?
Um… I’d like to become an Adventurer…
I-It’s fine. After levelling up and raising your stats, you can change your job! In addition, the Adventurer job is just what it sounds like; it’s a combination of all jobs. That’s right, it might be a basic level job, but it doesn’t mean it’s worse than the others! Adventurers can learn and use the skills of all jobs after all!
On the other hand, you’ll need more skill points to learn skills. Without the bonus attribute of the actual job, your skills will be weaker when compared to them. It’s a jack of all trades, master of none.
Eh? Huh? What’s with these numbers? Leaving the lower than average intelligence and rock bottom luck aside, the rest of your stats drastically exceed the average! Especially your magic, it’s abnormally high! Who in the world are you…?
Ah, is that right? Therefore, it means I’m amazing. Oh my, it’s normal by my standard.
This… This is way beyond amazing! Mage-type jobs that require high intelligence aren’t available… However, you may choose any other job! The holy knight with its strongest defense, Crusader; the swordsman with the strongest attack, Sword Master; and the top-tier cleric, Archpriest. You may choose from most of the top-tier jobs right now!
Well, it’s a pity that goddess isn’t available as a job. It’ll be Archpriest for me then.
Archpriest! Archpriests can use all kinds of recovery and support spells. They can even take the role of vanguards, a strong all-rounder job! I’ll register you now… Done. Welcome to the adventurer’s guild, Aqua-sama! All of our staff look forward to your grand exploits!
All right, good work everyone–! That’s it for today! Here, this is today’s salary.
Thank you! Good job today, boss–!
Good job–!
Everyone, we’ll make a move first–!
Goodbye–!
Oh–thanks for your hard work! I’m counting on you tomorrow too.
Ah, I’m alive again…
What would you like to eat today? I want some smoked-lizard hamburger steak and the heart-freezing crimson Neroid!
I want to eat meat too, so let’s go to the tavern and get two smoked-lizard steak set meals.
Agreed!
Well then, good night.
Good night. Phew… I worked hard today too…
No, wait a minute!
What is it? Did you forget to go to the washroom? It’s dark out there; do you need me to accompany you?
No way! Hold on, it’s not that. I just realized that we’ve been living the life of manual labourers so far.
You don’t work, you don’t eat, isn’t that obvious? HikiNEETs are fussy. If you prefer to, you can work as a store clerk too!
No! It’s not that. How should I put this? What I’m after is exciting battles against monsters! A life like that! Moreover, isn’t this world in a crisis with the invasion of the Demon King? Isn’t it amazingly peaceful here? There are no signs of demons at all!
Hey, can it! Be quiet!
Ah, sorry!
It’s useless even if you tell me these things. This is the town furthest away from the Demon King’s castle after all! Who would come all the way to attack a town of beginners at the borders…? Anyway… Kazuma wants to live more like an adventurer, right? You don’t even have the proper equipment!
I’m getting bored of construction too. I didn’t come to this world to be a labourer; I came to this world with no computers and games to adventure. And didn’t you send me here to challenge the Demon King?
Oh! There was such a thing! I forgot, immersed in the happiness of working. I can’t go back if Kazuma doesn’t defeat the Demon King.
All right, let’s go challenge the Demon King! Don’t worry; it’ll be a breeze with me here! Look forward to my performance!
That makes me uneasy… However, you’re a goddess after all, so I’m counting on you! Okay, we’ll buy some basic weapons and armor with the money we saved and go grinding tomorrow!
Leave it to me!
Didn’t I tell you two to can it? Do you want me to beat you up?
I’m very sorry!
Ah! Help! Aqua, save me…!
Puhehe! This is hilarious! Kazuma, your face is all red and you have tears in your eyes! You look really desperate!
Aqua–! Aqua–! Stop laughing and save me–!
For starters, add a ‘-san’ when you address me.
Aqua-sama–!
Can’t be helped–! All right, I’ll save you, hikiNEET! However, you’ll need to worship this goddess from tomorrow onward! You’ll have to join the Aqua sect in town and pray to me three times a day! You can’t object if I take any side dishes from you during meals! In addition… Ugh?
Aqua–! You…! How could you get eaten–?
Sob… Ugh, ugh– WAHHH…!
Ugh… Sob… Thank, thank you… Kazuma, thank you…! WAHHH…!
Are… Are you okay, Aqua? Be strong… Let’s go back for today. The quest we took on was exterminating five frogs in three days, but they weren’t opponents we could handle. Let’s try again when we’ve got better equipment. Look, I only have a short sword, no armor, and I’m still wearing my tracksuit. Let’s come back when we’re dressed more like adventurers.
Ugh… For a goddess like me to be humiliated by a frog; how can we retreat? I’m already defiled. If a believer sees how dirty I am… Their faith will most certainly plummet! If people knew that I ran from frogs, it’d be a disgrace to the name of the beautiful Goddess Aqua!
Ah! Hey, hold up, Aqua!
Feel the wrath of a goddess! You dare to oppose a goddess!? Repent in hell! God Blow!
… Looking closely… frogs are actually quite cute, right?
I get it. Just us two isn’t enough, so let’s recruit more members!
But… Even if we want to recruit comrades, do you think anyone would want to team up with novices like us who don’t even have proper equipment?
Wiff mi hare, I juice node…
Swallow. Swallow before you speak.
With me here, I just need to holler and people will line up to join us. I’m an Archpriest after all, a top-tier job! I can use all sorts of healing spells and support magic, and I can relieve poison and paralysis statuses. I can even perform resurrection, a talent any team would want. I might’ve fallen into the mortal world, causing my powers to be far from my peak, but I’m still a goddess… Ahem! I’m Aqua-sama after all! I just need to put up a notice and a bunch of people begging me to ‘bring me along on quests’ will show up! If you understand, then give me another piece of fried frog meat!
… No one’s coming…
… Hey, let’s lower our standard. Our goal’s to defeat the Demon King, so such conditions were necessary… However, ‘only recruiting top-tier jobs’ is a bit too gruelling.
Ugh… But…
If this goes on, no one will apply! You might have a top-tier job, but mine’s the weakest. I’ll lose my place if elites suddenly surround me. How about lowering the entry requirements…?
I saw the notice recruiting  adventurers with top-tiers jobs. Are you the ones who posted it?
My name is Megumin! My calling is that of an Archwizard, and one who controls the strongest offensive magic, Explosion…!
…Are you here to tease us?
I-I’m not!
That red eye, are you a Crimson Demon?
That’s correct! I’m an elite mage from the Crimson Demon Clan, Megumin! My magic’s powerful enough to split the mountains…! … That’s how it is. Do you need an excellent mage? … By the way, I’ve a favour to ask. I haven’t eaten in three days; may you give me something to eat before the interview…?
… I’m fine with treating you to a meal, but why are you wearing an eyepatch? If you’re injured, do you need this girl to heal you?
Oh… So it’s something like a seal?
I made that up. This is just a normal eyepatch. It just looks nice… Ah, sorry… Please don’t pull on that, stop!
Eh… Listen Kazuma, Crimson Demons are born with high intellect and strong magic power, with most of them having the potential to become powerful mages. They’re well known for their red eyes and their strange names.
It’s rude to say that our names are weird. From where I stand, the names of the people in this town are the weird ones.
… Right, may I ask for your parents’ names?
My mother’s Yuiyui, and my father’s Hyoizaburo.
… Anyway, this girl’s race produces many powerful mages, right? Could we recruit her as a companion?
Hey, if you’ve got a problem with the names of my parents, say it to my face!
It should be fine, right? The adventurer’s card is real; she has a  top-tier job with the ability to use powerful spells–Archwizard. The magic stat on the card’s very high, so she has a lot of potential. If she really can use explosion magic, that would be amazing! The explosion spell’s the highest-tier spell of the detonation-series magic and is hard to learn.
Hey! Stop addressing me as she, use my name!
Don’t mind the details, order something to eat. My name’s Kazuma, and this is Aqua. Pleased to meet you, Archwizard.
Explosion’s the strongest offensive spell. On the other hand, it has a long casting time. Please keep that frog at bay until I’m ready.
Please target the frog further away. As for the nearer one… Hey, let’s go, Aqua. We’ll avenge ourselves this time. You’re a former goddess, right? How about showing what you’re made of?
What do you mean by ‘former’? I’m a current goddess! My position of an Archpriest’s just a disguise!
… Goddess?
… Just a pitiful woman claiming to be a goddess. She’ll say stuff like this from time to time, so please don’t mind her.
You’re just frogs that are strong against physical attacks! Let me show you the power of a goddess! Kazuma, watch this carefully! I haven’t done anything great yet, but I’ll definitely succeed today!
Watch closely; this is the strongest attack spell known to humans… The ultimate attack spell.
Explosion!
… Amazing–so this is magic.
Megumin! Let’s retreat for now and attack from a distance…!
Humph… Explosion’s my ultimate spell. It’s powerful and uses a lot of mana. Simply put, the mana I used exceeded my limit, so I can’t move. Ah, to think that a frog would appear out of nowhere… No good, I’ll be eaten. Sorry, please save me. Hya…!
Ugh… Ugh… Sniff… It smells… It smells like fish…
It’s smelly inside the frog, but the warm feeling isn’t too bad… I gained some knowledge that I’d rather not know…
From now on, explosion magic’s banned unless there’s an emergency. Please get by with your other spells from now on, Megumin.
… I can’t.
… Huh? You can’t what?
… I can only use Explosion; I don’t know any other magic.
… Are you serious?
… Yes.
What do you mean you only know Explosion? If you had enough skill points to learn Explosion, you must’ve learned other spells, right?
Skill points are something you earn when you choose a job; it’s used to learn skills. The more potential a person has, the more skill points they start out with. You can learn all sorts of skills by investing skill points in them. For example, the excellent me has learned all the banquet party tricks as well as all the spells of an Archpriest.
… Where are you going to use banquet party tricks?
Depending on the person and the job, there are restrictions to the skills they may learn. For example, someone with a fear of water would need more points to learn water or ice elemental spells… However, as detonation-series magic consists of composite spells, you’d need deep knowledge of fire and wind magic to master it. This means that people who can learn detonation magic should be able to easily learn other spells.
This means that it doesn’t make sense to be unable to learn low-tier spells when you know high-tier magic from the detonation-series… Anyway, where can you make use of banquet party tricks?
… I’m an Archwizard that loves Explosion. What I like is not detonation-series magic, but Explosion.
Adventures will definitely be easier if I learn other spells. Fire, water, earth, wind and light… Learning spells related to this should be good enough… However, I couldn’t do it; my only love is Explosion. Even though I can only cast it once per day, even if I’ll collapse after using the spell, my one true love is still Explosion! The only reason I chose the path of the Archwizard was to cast explosion spells.
Incredible! Great! Your resolve to follow your romantic dreams despite knowing it’s inefficient really moved me!
I see. I think this will be a difficult path, so do work hard. Ah, I can see the town. Let’s divide the rewards equally at the guild. Yes, let’s meet again if our paths cross once more.
Humph… My only wish is to use explosion magic; the bounty’s just a complementary bonus. How about this: I don’t need an even share of the rewards. If you’re willing to foot the bill for food, bath and miscellaneous items, I can consider not taking any rewards. That’s right, my power as an Archwizard is available at the price of meals and other miscellaneous fees! How could you miss this opportunity to form a long-term contract?
No, no, no, our weak team isn’t worthy of such amazing power. That’s right, it’s too much to ask Megumin to stay in our team with your amazing powers. A team just starting out should make do with a normal mage. Look at me, my job’s even the weakest one, Adventurer.
No, no, no, it doesn’t matter if you’re novices or weak. I might have a top-tier job, but I’m still a beginner too. My level’s just six. When my level grows, I won’t collapse after using my spells. So let’s talk this over, and then you may pull my hand away, okay?
No, no, no, it’s too hard to utilize a mage that can only cast one spell a day. Ugh, she’s a mage but her grip’s strong…! Let go, the other teams probably didn’t want you either. Or rather, one can’t use explosion spells in dungeons or indoors, which would render you useless. Hey, release your grip! I’ll split the rewards equally with you, so please let go!
Please don’t ditch me! No team’s willing to take me! I’m willing to carry the luggage or anything when exploring dungeons, so please don’t throw me away!
– No way, that man wants to abandon that child…
– He has a girl covered in slime with him.
– To toy with such a small child and to abandon her after that, what trash. Look, why is there goo covering the girls? What weird sexual games did that pervert make them do?
I’m fine with any sort of play! Even using the frog’s slime just like now is okay…
All right–I get it! Megumin, I’ll be in your care!
All right, everything’s in order. I’ve confirmed that your team has finished the quest of defeating 5 giant frogs in 3 days. Good work.
… But, I can really get stronger just by killing monsters…
Well then, turning in 2 giant frogs, in addition to receiving the bounty for completing the quest, comes to a total of 110,000 eris. Please take this.
… Excuse me, may I ask…?
Is something the matter…?
Ah, eh–what’s the matter?
Um… The team that put up this recruitment notice was you, right? Are you still looking for people?
Oh–we’re still hiring. Although I wouldn’t recommend you joining…
Please pick me! Please let me join your party!
No, no, no, hold up. Our party has plenty of problems; the other two members are burdens and my job’s the weakest. Because of that, my two companions were covered in slime… Ow! Ow! Ow!
I was right, those two covered in goo were your comrades! What happened, how’d they end up like that…!? I-I also…! Want to experience that…!
Huh?
No, I phrased it wrongly. For the two young girls to experience that at such a tender age… as a knight, I can’t stand by and watch. My job’s the top-tier Crusader, so it should fit your recruitment criteria.
Ara–I didn’t finish. I really don’t recommend you joining. One of our party members is useless, the other can only cast one spell a day and I have the weakest job. That’s the lame party this is, so I suggest you find another…?
That’s perfect! To be honest, I’m confident in my strength and durability, but I’m not too agile with my hands… So I can’t hit the enemy…
So you don’t need to treat me as having a top-tier job; I’ll just charge ahead without a care, so abuse me like a shield.
No, how can I let a girl act like a shield? My party’s super weak, so the attacks will really hit you. The monsters might gang up on you in every fight!
That’s the way I like it!
No, how should I put this…? My two companions were eaten by frogs and covered in slime! This might happen every day!
That’s exactly what I want!
Hey, there’s something I want to ask the both of you. How do you learn skills?
Learning skills? That’s easy, look at your card and choose one from the ‘Learnable skills’ column… Oh right, Kazuma’s job’s Adventurer. In that case, you need someone to teach you a skill. You need to see the skill in action and ask the user to teach you how to use it. It’ll then show up in the learnable column, then you can spend skill points to learn the skill.
… That means if Megumin teaches me, I could use explosion magic?
Yeah, exactly!
Whoa!
That’s right, Kazuma! The skill points needed would be absurdly high, but Adventurer is the only job other than Archwizard that can use Explosion. I can teach you if you want to learn. Or rather, there are no other skills that are worth learning except Explosion, right? Of course not! Come, let’s walk the path of Explosion together!
Wait, calm down loli! I only have 3 skill points, there’s no way I can learn it, right?
L-Loli…?
If an adventurer wants to learn the explosion spell, 20 or so skill points won’t be enough. You’ll probably need to train for a decade or two and invest all your points to learn it.
Who has that kind of patience?
Fu… To call me a loli…
Hey Aqua, you should have many convenient skills, right? Do you have any easy-to-learn skills to teach me? I prefer those that don’t need a lot of points and are very useful.
… It can’t be helped–but I have to warn you, my skills are amazing! They’re not meant to be passed on lightly!
Well, look at this cup. Put this cupful of water on top of your head and don’t let it fall off. Here, try it.
All right. Now use your finger to flick the seed into the cup; you must do it in one try. Something amazing is happening! The seed’s absorbing the water and sprouting…
Who asked you to teach me party tricks, you worthless goddess!?
Eh–?
Ha! That’s hilarious! Hey, you’re the party Darkness wanted to join, right? You want to learn something useful? How about Thief skills?
Um, what do you mean by Thief skills? How are they like?
Good question. Thief skills are very practical–such as Disarm Traps, Enemy Detection, Lurk and Steal. They’re all skills that are worth learning. Your job’s the basic-tier Adventurer, right? Thief skills don’t require many points, so it’s a great offer! How about it? I’ll teach them to you for the price of a glass of crimson beer!
Okay, I’ll leave it in your hands! Excuse me, a glass of ice-cold crimson beer for this lady please!
Right, let me properly introduce myself. I’m Chris. As you can see, I’m a Thief. And this person with a moody face is Darkness. You met yesterday, right? She’s a Crusader and shouldn’t have any skills that are useful to you.
Hello! I’m Kazuma. Nice to meet you, Chris!
Well then, we’ll start with Enemy Detection and Lurk. We’ll work on Disarm Traps next time, since traps are rare in such a crowded place. Hey Darkness, could you turn over there for a moment?
… Hmm? … Okay.
Sensing enemy… Sensing enemy… I can strongly feel Darkness’s anger! Hey, Darkness? You know I only did that to teach him the skills, I couldn’t help it! Please have mercy… Ahhh, stop! Ahhh!
All right. Let’s try the skill I recommend the most, Steal. This is a skill that can snatch away one item possessed by the target. It can be anything, be it the weapon gripped tightly in their hands or the wallet secured deep in their pockets.The probability of success is dependent on the luck stat. You can take the weapon or treasure of a strong enemy and run, so it’s a great skill to have under any circumstances.
I’ll demonstrate with you as the target! Ready, Steal!
Ah! That’s my wallet!
Oh! Jackpot! It’s used this way. Well of course, I’ll give the wallet back…
… Hey… Let’s have a match, all right? Try learning Steal now. I’ll then let you steal one item from me. I won’t complain even if you steal my wallet or weapon. Your wallet’s so thin that my weapon or wallet will be more valuable. That means we’ll be trading in whatever items that are stolen… How about it? Want to try?
I’ve learned the skill and I accept your challenge! Don’t come crying to me no matter what I steal!
That’s great! I like people who aren’t spoilsports! All right then, what can you steal? The special prize will be my wallet! The grand prize will be this enchanted dagger! This is a great item worth 400,000 eris! The consolation prize will be this piece of rock I threw at Darkness!
Ah! Using such a method is cheating!
This is my teaching fee. As you can see, no skills are all powerful. You learned something great, right? All right, give it a go!
All right, watch this! My luck has always been good! Steal!
… What’s this?
Yahoo–! It’s the grand prize, and it’s a big one–!
No–! Give me back my panties–!
Aqua-sama, one more time! I’m willing to pay for it, so could you perform Nature’s Beauty once more?
Fool, Aqua-san prefers food instead of money! Right, Aqua-san? I’ll treat you to a meal, so please do Nature’s Beauty again!
My performances aren’t things that can be performed whenever they’re requested! A great man once said that ‘a funny joke can only be told once’. Doing the same tricks repeatedly because they’re popular means you’re a third-rate performer! And I’m not a performer, so I won’t accept money for my performance! This should be the basic attitude of a performance artisan. And I didn’t perform Nature’s Beauty for you to see– Ah! Kazuma, you’re finally back. It turned out like this because of you… By the way, what’s with her?
Chris’s panties were removed by Kazuma, and then she lost all her money to him. That’s why she’s feeling down.
Hey, what’s this nonsense!? Hold up. Well, you’re not wrong, but hold on a minute.
Even if I was stripped of my panties in public, I can’t keep on crying! All right, Darkness. I’m sorry, but I’ve decided to join a profitable dungeon exploration party! I’m penniless after my panties were taken hostage.
Hey, wait a second. The female adventurers aside from Aqua and Megumin are starting to give me cold looks, so please don’t speak anymore.
This is acceptable as payback, right? Well then, I’ll be back after earning some cash, so have fun in the meantime, Darkness! I’ll find what quests are available!
Um. Aren’t you going with her, Darkness?
… No. Thieves are essential for dungeon exploration, so there are many teams that’d want to recruit Chris. On the other hand, vanguards like me can be found anywhere.
It’s already evening, are they going to explore the dungeons now?
The best time to go dungeon diving is early in the morning, so most people would set off one day earlier like them and make camp before the dungeon. There are even merchants operating with these adventurers as their target market. So how was it? Did you learn any skills?
Humph, why not see for yourself? Here I go, Steal!
… What happened? After your level and stats increased, did you change jobs from an Adventurer to a pervert? Um… It’s a little drafty, so please give me my panties back…
Strange? It shouldn’t be like this… It should be a skill that steals something at random!
I was right! To strip the panties of a young girl with so many people watching, you really are the worst…! Please…! Please let me join this party!
No.
Hmm…? Eh…!
Hey, who’s this person, Kazuma? Was she the one who came for the interview while Megumin and I were in the bath?
Hold on, this lady’s a Crusader. There’s no reason to reject her, right?
Darkness, we might look this way now, but we’re serious about taking down the Demon King.
That’s right, you listen too, Megumin. Aqua and I want to take down the Demon King no matter what. That’s our goal as adventurers. And so our adventures will only become more dangerous, especially for Darkness. As a female knight, you might experience ‘that’ if you get captured by the Demon King.
That’s right! Since ancient times, getting sexually harassed by the Demon King was the job of the female knights! That alone would be worth the trip!
Eh…!? What!?
Huh…? What is it? Did I say something weird?
Listen carefully too, Megumin. The opponent’s the Demon King. Aqua and I are planning to fight the strongest being in this world, so don’t force yourself by staying in this party…
I’m Megumin! The top mage of the Crimson Demons, the master of explosion magic! For the Demon King to overlook me and call himself the strongest, I’ll decimate him with my strongest spell!
… Hey Kazuma, Kazuma…
I was a bit scared when Kazuma put it that way. Is there a simpler way to take on the Demon King?
Emergency quest! Emergency quest! All adventurers in town, please gather at the adventurer’s guild! I repeat, emergency quest! Emergency quest! All adventurers in town, please gather at the adventurer’s guild!
Hey, what are ‘emergency quests’? Are monsters raiding the town?
… Um, it’s probably cabbage harvesting. It’s the season for them.
Huh? Cabbages? Is that the name of some monster?
A cabbage is something round, green and edible.
It’s crunchy and refreshing, a delicious vegetable.
I know that! Then what’s happening? The guild said there was an emergency quest. So do the farmers need help from the adventurers?
Ah, Kazuma probably doesn’t know. Let me tell you, the cabbages of this world…
I apologize for gathering everyone on such a short notice! I’m sure everyone knows that the emergency is because of the cabbages! It’s time to harvest cabbages! The quality’s great this year and each one’s worth 10,000 eris! We’ve already evacuated the residents so please harvest more cabbages and turn them in here! Please take care of your own safety and don’t get hurt from the cabbages’ counterattack! Also, because of the large amount of people and bounty, the reward will be given out later!
The cabbages in this world can fly. When their taste ripens during harvest season, they fly through cities, over plains, across the continent and to the ocean, unwilling to be eaten. Because of that, we need to catch the cabbages and eat them while they’re still delicious.
May I go back to the stables and sleep?
Why does a mere cabbage taste so good? I don’t get it.
You’re skilled, Darkness! As expected of a Crusader! The cabbages couldn’t break through your iron-wall defense no matter what they did.
No, I didn’t do much, I’m just really tough. I’m clumsy and slow so I can’t really hit my target; my only strong point is shielding others… Megumin has an impressive offence. You took out the horde of monsters that were chasing the cabbages right into town with just one explosion attack; all the other adventurers were shocked.
Kuku, no one could stand up to the power of my explosion magic… But Kazuma was the most active one, he picked me up after I exhausted my mana and carried me back.
… Yeah, when I was surrounded by cabbages and monsters, Kazuma showed up and captured all the cabbages attacking me. Thank you for rescuing me.
Indeed, erasing your presence with Lurk, grasping the movement of the cabbages with Enemy Detection and surprising them with Steal from behind. That was just like an outstanding assassin.
Kazuma, with my authority, I grant you the title of ‘Elegant Cabbage Thief’.
Shut up! I’ll slap you if you call me that! Ah! Enough, why’d things turn out this way!?
Well then. I’m Darkness, a Crusader. Theoretically, my weapon’s a two-handed sword, but don’t count on it too much. I’m clumsy with my hands and tend to miss. But I’m good at being a tank, so please take care of me.
… Humph, our party’s becoming great. I’m an Archpriest, Megumin’s an Archwizard, and now we have the defensive specialist vanguard, the Crusader Darkness. Three out of four members having top-tier jobs is rare, Kazuma! Do you know how lucky you are? You have to be grateful, okay?
Ugh… Ah, the feeling of being ravaged by cabbages and monsters is unbearable… I’m the only orthodox vanguard in this party, so don’t hold back. Use me as bait or as a shield. If it’s necessary, you can even cut me off as a sacrifice… Hmm! Just… Just imagining that made me tremble in excitement…!
Well then, Kazuma. I’ll probably… No. I’ll certainly be a bother to you, so don’t hold back and lecture me viciously. Please take care of me from now on.
… Why do I have to tag along and shop with you?
No, you should prepare some equipment too. I might only have my gym clothes, but you’re in the same boat, right? Your only equipment’s that flimsy hagoromo, right?
Don’t be stupid–I think you’ve forgotten that I’m a goddess! This hagoromo’s a holy relic. It can defend against abnormal statuses and has great durability. It’s a heavily enchanted precious artifact! There’s no other equipment better than this!
That’s great news. If we really can’t make ends meet, then we can just pawn off your holy relic… Oh. This chest armour looks neat, although it’s made of leather.
… Ka-Kazuma, you’re joking, right? This hagoromo’s proof of my divinity! Y-You won’t really sell it, right? No! I-I won’t allow it!
… Oh, I almost couldn’t recognize you.
Whoa–Kazuma finally looks the part of an adventurer.
It’s the giant toad mating season, and they’ve been showing up near town. How about…
No toads!
… Why not? Toads fear blades and are easy to take down, their sole mode of attack’s grabbing prey with their tongues, and the meat of toads can be sold for easy money. I’ve heard that you might get eaten if your equipment’s too weak, but since toads hate metal, Kazuma should be safe with his current equipment. I’ll protect Aqua and Megumin.
Eh… The two of them were eaten by toads before, so they’ve got some psychological trauma about it. They were eaten head first in one gulp and ended up covered in slime, so it can’t be helped. Let’s find another quest.
… Eaten head first in one gulp… Covered in slime…
… Did that make you excited?
No way.
The emergency cabbage hunt aside, this is our party’s first quest. Let’s pick something easy to complete.
What an introverted hikiNEET… Only Kazuma has the weakest job, so I understand why you’re being cautious. But including me, the other members have top-tier jobs! We should take on a bunch of high-difficulty jobs and make lots of money, level up like crazy and take down the Demon King easily! That’s why we should take on difficult quests!
… I really didn’t want to say this, but… You haven’t been of use so far.
!
Normally, you should be giving me powerful abilities or equipment, allowing for me to live here without worries. I know that this is a free service provided by the gods, so I didn’t want to complain. I was blinded by rage back then, but choosing you instead of an ability was my fault! But you’re here in place of those abilities or equipment, and are you performing on par with those special abilities or equipment? Are you? You were acting so great and confident in the beginning, but you’ve totally not been of use, you former something.
Ugh… No, not former. Um… In principle, I’m still a goddess…
Goddess!? What should a goddess be doing!? Guiding the hero to fight the Demon King and sealing the Demon King before the hero’s strong enough to take him on! And what’d you do during the cabbage hunt!? You did grab a lot toward the end, but you were spinning around because of them and threw a tantrum on the floor, right? Even vegetables can make you cry! Are you really a goddess!? Are you really qualified to call yourself a goddess!? Your only contribution’s getting eaten by a toad and party tricks!
Wah, wahhh–!
I-I’m useful, all right? Like healing spells and healing spells or healing spells! What, you’re just a hikiNEET! If you continue to play around, how long do you think it’ll take to defeat the Demon King? If you’ve got something to say, spit it out!
I’m a professional gamer who didn’t go to high school at all, you think I have nothing to say about this situation?
You’re a pro gamer?
… It sounds better this way, so listen up, Aqua. I don’t have the special power of the protagonists in stories, but I have the knowledge of Japan. So I want to sell Japanese products that can be created easily and aren’t available in this world. Think about it: my luck stat’s so high that even the counter lady suggested that I should become a merchant, right? So I think I shouldn’t force myself to take on the work of adventurers, but find another way. It’ll be easier to gain experience points if I have more money, right? There are ingredients that make you stronger just by being eaten, like those cabbages.
That’s how it is, so you think about it too! Think of a business that can earn cash easily and teach me your only good point which is healing magic! I want to learn healing spells after getting more skill points!
No–! I won’t teach you healing magic! No way–! Don’t snatch away the reason for my existence! You’ll be fine without learning it with me around! No, I don’t want to–!
… What are you two doing…? The attack power of Kazuma’s words are strong. If you don’t hold back and shoot your mouth off, most girls would cry!
If you accumulate too much stress… I could take Aqua’s place and endure your scolding, so lecture me all you want. Don’t hold back… As a Crusader, suffering for others is a merit.
Ignore this fellow for now, but…
… Darkness-san, you look thinner when you wear your armour…
… Hmm? Did you mean to say, ‘Are you trying to tempt men with your body, you sow!’, right?
No.
Hey, what’d you mean with that glance? I want to hear it.
It doesn’t mean anything, I’m just glad I’m not a lolicon.
Crimson Demons would gladly take on anyone wanting a fight. Good, let’s take this outside.
Back on topic, how about choosing a quest that can help Aqua level up?
What do you mean? Is there such a quest?
It’s normally hard for clerics to level up, they lack offensive spells after all. They won’t fight on the front lines like warriors or defeat enemies with powerful magic, so the best monsters for clerics to grind are the undead. Undead are a race that go against the nature of the gods, so the power of the gods will cause opposite reactions on them. Using healing magic will make their bodies break down.
Yes, that seems great. The problem is that Darkness’s armour isn’t ready…
I’m fine with it, my full set of defensive skills aren’t just for show. Even without armour, I dare say that I’m harder than an adamantoise. And it feels better without armour when I get hit.
… You just said it feels great to get hit.
… No I didn’t.
Yes you did.
I didn’t… The only question is whether Aqua’s willing…
Hey, how long are you going to cry? Participate in the conversation, we’re talking about your level…
… Snore…
Slow down, Kazuma, I saw that meat first! Here, the vegetable on this side’s done, so eat this instead!
After the cabbage hunt, I don’t like eating vegetables anymore. I’m afraid of the vegetable flying off somewhere if I grill it.
… Excuse me, please give me some water. I feel that Kazuma’s more proficient than me in using magic. No one uses basic spells, but you make it look convenient.
Is that so, isn’t this the way to use basic spells? Oh right, Create Earth! … Hey, what’s this spell used for?
Well, the crops grown from magically created earth are high in quality… That’s it.
What, Kazuma wants to plow the land? Are you changing jobs to a farmer? You could use Create Water for the plants too! This job’s a great fit for you, puhehe!
Wind Breath!
Puhe, ahhh! Ah–! My eyes!
… I got it, so that’s how you use this spell.
No, normal people don’t use it that way! And why are you using basic spells better than a mage!?
… It’s getting cold. Hey Kazuma, our quest’s to take down the zombie maker, right? I have a feeling it won’t be a small fry, but a big shot undead.
… Hey, don’t say such ominous things. What if you really jinx the quest? Our quest for the day’s to defeat one zombie maker and return the zombies to dust. We can then go back to the stables and sleep. We’ll also go back immediately if anything out of the ordinary happens. Understand?
What’s this, I feel a strong presence. It should be the effect of Enemy Detection. Enemies ahead. 1, 2 3, 4…?
… Hmm? I think… That isn’t a zombie maker…
Are we going in? Even if that isn’t a zombie maker, anyone staying in the cemetery at this hour’s probably an undead. If that’s the case, then it wouldn’t be a problem with Archpriest Aqua around.
Ah–!
Wait! Hey, wait up!
How dare you show up here, lich! I’ll take care of you!
Stop, stop–! Who are you? Where’d you come from and why are you destroying my magic circle? Stop! Please stop?
You’re noisy, shut up undead! You must be thinking of using this suspicious magic circle for devious means, I’ll stomp it! Stomp!
Stop–! Please stop–! This magic circle’s used to send the wandering spirits to heaven! Look! The spirits are floating from the magic circle toward the sky, right?
You’re acting too arrogant for a lich! An Archpriest like me will perform such benevolent acts, so just scram! You’re taking too much time, watch me purify the whole cemetery along with you!
Eh? Wait, stop!
Turn Undead–!
Hya–! My, my body’s fading! Stop, my body’s disappearing! I’ll be purified!
Ha, foolish lich! Your existence goes against the law of nature, an undead which defies the will of the gods! Disappear, be vanquished by my power!
Hey, stop it!
…! That hurts! Why’d you hit me!?
Hey, are you fine? Um… May I address you as ‘Lich’?
I-I-I’m fine… Thank, thank you for saving me from that crisis…! Um, you’re right, I’m a lich. My name’s Wiz.
Eh, Wiz? What are you doing in this cemetery? You said you wanted to send the spirits to heaven… Now, I don’t want to agree with Aqua, but that shouldn’t be what a lich like you should be doing, right?
What are you doing Kazuma!? Be careful or you’ll get contaminated and turn into an undead! Let me cast Turn Undead on her!
B-Because as you can see… I’m a lich, the overlord of the undying. As the overlord, I can hear the voices of the spirits wandering in the world. Most of the spirits in this public cemetery don’t have money and didn’t have a proper burial, so they couldn’t move on to the afterlife and haunted the cemetery every night. Since I’m an overlord, I’d visit periodically and send the children on their way.
I think that’s a wonderful thing, but… Although I’m not Aqua, wouldn’t it be better to leave this to the priest in this town?
B-Because… The priests in this town are materialistic… Eh, no. I mean… The rites for those without money would be pushed down their waiting list… Something like that…
You mean the priests in this town are people who worship money? The public cemetery which is full of poor people is basically ignored by them, right?
W-Well, that’s how it is…
Since that’s the case, then it can’t be helped. But could you stop animating the zombies? We’re here because of a quest to defeat the zombie maker.
Ah, I see. But I didn’t animate them, the corpses that are intact would rise automatically due to my magic every time I come. Um, I won’t have any reason to visit if the spirits in the cemetery don’t wander anymore and return to heaven… So, how should we resolve this?
I can’t accept this!
It couldn’t be helped; she was such a nice person. You couldn’t bear to kill her, right?
But for a lich to live normally in town, the security’s really lacking.
We were lucky things turned out so well in the end. Even with Aqua here, the opponent was still a lich. If we really had fought, Kazuma and I would definitely be dead.
Eh, are liches such dangerous monsters? Would it have been a tough fight?
It’s much worse than that! Liches have a high magic defense, so nothing can harm her except enchanted weapons. She can trigger all sorts of abnormal statuses just by touching her enemies, and she can also drain their life and mana; she’s a legendary immortal monster. What surprised me was that Aqua’s Turn Undead had such a great effect on such a powerful being.
Kazuma, give me the name card. I want to set up a holy barrier around the home of that woman and make her cry.
Please let her go.
By the way, what about the quest to defeat the zombie maker?
Ah.
Have you heard? Rumour says that a General of the Demon King’s army has taken over the old castle on that hill a short distance away from town.
A Demon King’s General. That sounds bad, but it has nothing to do with us.
That’s right.
Anyway, it’s better not to approach the abandoned castle to the north of town. This isn’t the capital of the kingdom, so who knows what a Demon King’s General is doing here. But since it’s a general, it’s probably an ogre lord, vampire, archdemon or dragon. No matter what it is, it’ll be a monster that can kill us instantly. It’d be best not to take any quests around that place for now.
… What? Why are you all looking at me like that?
Nothing– I wasn’t worried about Kazuma joining another party or anything.
…? Eh, I was just gathering information. That’s what adventurers do.
What are you doing, Kazuma?
… Hmm. You looked so happy. You were really having fun chatting, Kazuma. Were you that close with members of the other parties?
… What’s this refreshing feeling? Seeing Kazuma being on good terms with the other parties, the melancholic feeling’s mixed with something good. Could this be the legendary NTR…?
What’s with all of you? Isn’t collecting intelligence in such a place what adventurers do…?
… What’s with this dodging–!?
S-Stop–! What are you doing to my vegetable sticks!? No, don’t destroy the food!
How dare a mere vegetable look down on me! It’s a little late to say this, but… But how can the vegetables run!? Can you please serve food that is already dead!?
What are you talking about? Be it fish or vegetable, it tastes better if it’s fresh, right? Haven’t you heard of killing it and serving it on the spot?
Right… Forget it, let’s ignore the vegetables for now, I’ve got something important to ask you. I was thinking about what new skills to learn after leveling up. To be honest, the composition of this party’s too unbalanced. So I’m thinking of making up for our weakness since I have the most flexible job. By the way, what skills have all of you learned?
My skills are centred around Physical Defense, Magical Resistance and Abnormal Status Resistance. I also have a skill called Decoy that’s used to taunt the enemy.
… Don’t you plan to learn something like Two-handed Sword to increase your attack accuracy?
I don’t plan to. It might sound like I’m boasting, but my stamina and strength are great. If my attacks land easily, I could easily defeat monsters without taking damage. And it’s not good to hold back intentionally. This is how things should go: Attacking with all my might but not being able hit the enemy and being captured as my strength wanes. That’s the best.
Enough you, shut up.
… Hahaha…! You’re the one who asked, but to treat me like this…
Of course, I learned explosion-related skills… Explosion, Explosion Damage Increase, Fast Chanting, et cetera. All the skills needed to cast the perfect explosion spell. It’s the same as before and will be so in the future.
… Do you have no intention of learning something like mid-tier magic?
I don’t plan to.
As for me…
There’s no need.
Ahem?
Why can’t this party get its act together…? Maybe I should think about switching parties…
!
Kazuma, look! I earned a lot, so I upgraded the armour I sent in for repair. How does it look?
This armour looks like something the upstart son of nobility would wear.
… Kazuma’s merciless regardless of the situation. Even I want to hear an honest compliment from time to time.
There’s someone even worse, so I don’t have the time to play with you. Could you please take care of that pervert before she drops lower than you?
Huff… Huff… I can’t, I can’t take it! The magic of this manatite staff, the colour and glister… Huff…Huff…
What’d you say–? Wait, what’s this?
Hey…! How could this be…!
Why’s there only 50,000 eris!? Do you know how many cabbages I caught!? It’s more than 20!
Um, this is hard to say…
What!?
… What Aqua-san turned in was mostly lettuce.
… Why was lettuce mixed in there!?
Even if you ask me that, I wouldn’t know!
Ka~zuma-san! How much did you get from this quest?
A little over a million.
A million!?
Kazuma-sama–! How should I put this, I always thought you were such a great person!
Don’t push yourself if you can’t think of any ways to compliment me. Let me say this first: I’ve already decided on how to utilize the money, so I won’t give you any.
Kazuma-san–! I thought I’d earn a lot from the quest, so I spent all the money on me these past few days! I estimated I’d make a killing, so I owe nearly 100,000 eris in this bar! I can’t pay it off with the bounty!
I don’t care, you’re the one who wanted ‘everyone to keep their own earnings’. Anyway, I should find a house for myself. It’s uncomfortable to keep staying in the stables, right?
Why did it turn out like this? Ahhh! Please, Kazuma, lend me money! Just enough to pay off my debts! I know Kazuma’s a boy and you’d do sneaky things in the stables sometimes, so I understand why you want a private room! 50,000! Just 50,000’s enough! Please–!
I get it, 50,000’s just chump change! I really get it, so shut up!
Kazuma, let’s hurry and find a quest! One with lots of weak monsters! I want to test the power of my new staff!
You’re right, when we were hunting the zombie maker, I didn’t have time to test out my new skills. Let’s find a safe and simple quest.
No, let’s find a quest that can earn lots of money! I cleared my tabs, so I don’t even have money for food today!
No, let’s find one with strong enemies! One with monsters that have strong attacks and are tough as nails…!
Anyway, let’s decide after looking at the bulletin board.
… Weird? Why are there so few requests?
Kazuma! Pick this one, this one! A giant bear showed up in the mountains, its name is Black Fang…
Rejected! Hey, what’s this? Why are there only high-difficulty quests left!?
I’m sorry… A Demon King’s General seemed to have moved into a small castle near town… It might’ve been the influence of the general, but the weak monsters in the region have all lain low, resulting in a drastic drop in quests. A band of knights dispatched from the capital will be here next month to take out the general. But before that, there are only high-difficulty quests left…
Why–!?
Really… Why did he pick this moment to move here!? I don’t know what this general is, but it’d better watch out if it’s an undead!
That means that before the powerful adventurers and knights from the capital arrive here next month, we can’t work as usual.
That’s how it is… During this period when we can’t do quests, I’ll need you to accompany me…
Here should be far enough, right? Hurry up, cast your spell so we can head back.
No, the guards will lecture me again if we do this too close to town.
You said ‘again’ just now, right? Because it was too loud?
…? What is that, an abandoned castle?
It feels creepy… As if there are ghosts residing in there…
Let’s pick that place! No one will complain even if I destroy a ruin like that.
Explosion–!
Oh, that seemed pretty good. The impact of the explosion could be felt through my bones, followed by the air tremors which trailed immediately after. It’s strange that the abandoned castle remains intact but… What an explosion!
Great explosion! Kuku, Kazuma understands the way of explosions more now. Your comment today hit the mark and was poetic, so… How about it? I’m not just talking about this casually; Kazuma do you want to seriously consider learning Explosion magic?
Yeah– the path of explosions is interesting… But from the composition of our current party, there’s no need for two mages. But when I retire from adventuring and have leftover skill points, it would be interesting to use them to learn explosion magic.
Emergency broadcast! Emergency broadcast! Attention all adventurers, please prepare for combat and report to the main gate of the city!
… I’m a Demon King’s General, and have recently moved into a castle nearby…
Every day, every day, every day! Where is that crazy idiot who comes to my castle to cast Explosion every day–!?
… Explosion?
The one who knows explosion magic is…
If you’re talking about Explosion, it would be…
Huh? M-Me? Why are you all looking at me? I can’t use explosion magic!
So, it’s you…! Are you the moron who cast Explosion on my castle every day? If you knew I was a general of the Demon Army and wanted to challenge me to a fight, then enter the castle! If not, then just hide in town and tremble! Why are you bothering me with such evil means? I knew there were only low-level adventurers in town! I wanted to leave such minor characters alone, but you can’t catch a clue and come boom, boom, boom with your spells every day…! Is there something wrong with your head?
I’m Megumin. As an Archwizard, I have mastered explosion spells…!
… What kind of name is Megumin, are you mocking me?
No, that’s not it!
I am a Crimson Demon, and the elite mage of this town. I cast explosion magic continuously to lure you, the Demon King’s General, out…! As I planned, you came to town alone after being tricked; your end is near!
… Hey, this girl actually said that. She was playing around, saying she would die if she didn’t cast explosion magic every day, so I brought her to the area around that castle. When did it turn into her plan?
… Yeah, and she used the chaos to declare herself as an elite mage of this town.
Shhh–! Don’t say that out loud! She hasn’t used her explosion spell yet and a bunch of adventurers are backing her from behind, so she’s adopting a strong position. She’s still talking, so let’s see how this goes!
… Oh, a Crimson Demon. I see, so that weird name wasn’t a lie.
Hey, if you have any comments about the name my parents gave me, spit it out!
… Hmph, forget it. I didn’t come here to mess with peasants like you. I’m here to investigate something. I’ll be staying in that castle for the time being, so don’t cast Explosion on it anymore. Understand?
That’s like asking me to die. Those of the Crimson Demon clan need to cast explosion spells once every day, or we’ll die.
Hey, I’ve never heard of this before! Stop bullshitting me!
You don’t plan on giving up explosion magic no matter what? Even though I have taken the side of darkness, I was a knight before and have no interest in slaughtering the weak. But if you continue to bother me with such things, I have my way of handling things too.
We’re the ones being bothered, alright!? Because of you staying in that castle, we couldn’t even do our work properly! Hmph… You can only act high and mighty now. We have an expert that deals with the undead here! Master, I leave it to you!
I guess it can’t be helped–! I don’t know if you’re a Demon King’s General or what, but you’re unlucky to come here when I’m around. An undead coming out in broad daylight when your powers are at their weakest; you’re just asking to be purified! It’s all your fault that I couldn’t take on any quests! Okay, are you ready to face the music?
Oh, impressive. You’re not a normal priestess… but an Archpriest, right? But no matter what, I’m still a Demon King’s General. I have not fallen so low that I would be purified by a low-level Archpriest in a place like this. I have my ways of dealing with Archpriests too… But I’ll start by torturing this Crimson Demon girl!
I shall predict your death! You will die one week from now!
Huh? D-Darkness!
Darkness, are you all right? Does it hurt anywhere?
… Yeah, I didn’t feel anything.
That curse won’t harm you now. My plans were foiled a bit, but since the camaraderie among adventurers is so deep, this must hurt more… Listen carefully, Crimson Demon girl… If this goes on, that Crusader will die in a week. Hmph, your important companion will be tortured by the horror of death in the meantime… That’s right, this is all your fault! In the following week, you will see the pain of your companion and regret your actions! Hmm… Hahaha, you should’ve obediently listened to me!
There… There is such a thing!? That means you have cast a death curse on me, and I must do as you say for you to release said curse! That’s what you meant, right!?
Huh?
Ugh…! Just a mere curse, don’t think you can make me submit…! I won’t yield…! But, what should I do Kazuma!? Look at that Dullahan, look at his evil lustful eyes under his helmet! No matter how I see it, he wants to bring me back to his castle and do as he pleases if I want him to release the curse. A pervert that wants me to do hardcore perverted play!
… Huh?
Even if you can do what you want with my body, you will never have my heart! I’m going to become a female knight imprisoned in a castle and let the henchman of the Demon King do unreasonable things with me! Ah, what should I do…? What should I do, Kazuma!? This situation is more thrilling than I expected! I don’t want to go, but I have no choice! I’ll resist to the very last moment, so don’t stop me! Well then, I’ll be back in a jiffy!
Huh…? Huh?
Stop right there, you can’t go! Look how troubled the Dullahan is!
A-Anyway! If you have learned your lesson, stop casting Explosion on my castle! And the Crimson Demon girl! If you want me to release the curse on that Crusader, then come to my castle! If you can make it to my room at the very top, I’ll release her curse! But… My minions are everywhere in the castle, and it is full of undead knights. Can you rookie adventurers make your way to me? Hmm? Hmm? Hmm? Hahaha!
Hey, where are you going? What do you plan to do?
I’m responsible for this incident. I’ll head to the castle and cast Explosion on that Dullahan directly to dispel Darkness’s curse.
I’ll go with you. If you ran into some minions and used your spell, that would end right there. I didn’t realize that was the castle of the Demon King’s General either, even though I was with you all this time.
… Well then, let’s go together. But he said that there would be a bunch of undead knights there. If that’s the case, then weapons will be useless. My magic will be more practical… So, you have to rely on me when the time comes.
I can use my Detect Enemy skill to search for monsters in the castle and conceal myself with Lurk and sneak in. Or we can visit the castle every day and defeat the enemy on each level, one day at a time, before coming back. We’ll reduce enemy numbers slowly… And since the time limit is one week, this plan should work.
Hey Darkness! We’ll break your curse! So, don’t worry…
Sacred Break Spell!
With me around, breaking the curse of the Dullahan is easy! What do you think? I look like a priestess sometimes, right?
… Huh?
I want to take a quest! It’s fine even if it’s a bit hard, let’s take a quest!
Huh…
I’m fine with it… But I alone won’t have enough combat power and Megumin…
Please, I beg you–! I don’t want to work anymore! The store owner gets mad if I don’t sell all the croquettes! I’ll work hard! I’ll do my best this time–!
All right then… Then look and see if there are any quests that look fine. We’ll go with you if the quest isn’t too bad.
… Kazuma, shouldn’t you look too? If you leave it to Aqua, she’ll probably pick an incredible quest…
… You’re correct, but I won’t mind even if the quest is a bit hard…
… Good.
Good your head! What quest are you taking!?
You idiot!
What we need is to let Megumin hit them with an explosion while they’re together to settle it in one shot. Why are you so timid…?
This one! Look at this one!
… You can purify the lake?
Idiot, who do you think I am? From my name and appearance, you should be able to tell what kind of goddess I am, right?
Aren’t you the goddess of banquets?
As if, you hikiNEET! I’m the Goddess of water, all right! Didn’t you see my beautiful blue eyes and hair?
Let’s take this one. Or rather, wouldn’t you alone suffice if it’s just purifying the water? You can hog all the rewards this way, right?
Well…  the monsters will harass me while I’m purifying the water, right? Before I finish the purification, I hope you all can protect me from the monsters.
By the way, how long would the purification take? Five minutes or so?
… About half a day?
That’s too long!
Ahhh! Please, I beg of you–! There’s no other quest that’s as good! Please help me, Kazuma-san–!
… Hey, how does the purification process work?
… Hmm? To purify the water, I just need to touch it with my hand and continuously cast purification magic…
Hey Aqua, I think there’s a way to purify the water safely. Do you want to give it a try?
… Hey… Are we really going to do it this way?
… I feel like a captured rare monster that’s going to be sold…
… I feel like a tea bag being drained of its flavour…
Hey–Aqua! How is the purification going? Is it cold staying in the lake? Give a holler if you want to go to the restroom! I’ll let you out of the cage–!
Purification is proceeding smoothly! And I don’t need to go to the restroom! Archpriests don’t go to the restroom!
There seem to be no problems. By the way, Crimson Demons don’t need to use the restroom either.
As a Crusader, I also don’t… Need to go… Ugh…
Darkness, don’t compete with these two. And as for you two, I’ll accept a quest that can’t be completed in a day to confirm if they really don’t need to use the restroom.
Don’t… Don’t do that, okay? Crimson Demons really doesn’t use the restroom! But I apologize, so don’t do that… By the way, the brutal alligators aren’t showing up. It would be great if things end peacefully like this.
Ka-Kazuma–! Something’s coming over! No, lots of things are coming here!
Purification! Purification, Purification–!
Purification! Purification–! The cage is creaking! It’s creaking! The cage, cage is making weird sounds!
Aqua–! Tell us if you want to give up–! We’ll drag you along with the cage with the chain–!
I-I don’t want to! Giving up now means I won’t be able to get paid for my time! Purification! Purification–! … Wahahaha–! There was a cracking sound! The cage made a sound it shouldn’t be making!
… Staying in that cage seems rather good…
… Don’t even think about it.
… Hey Aqua, are you all right? The brutal alligators have left for some other place.
… Sniff… Ugh… Hic…
Good girl, the purification is done… Let’s go back. I’ve discussed with Darkness and Megumin, and we won’t take the reward this time. The 300,000 is all yours.
… Hey, it’s time to come out of the cage, all the brutal alligators are gone.
… like this…
What did she say?
… She said the world outside the cage is scary, so bring her back to town as she is. 
Do Na Do Na Do–Na–Do–Na–…
Eh… Hey Aqua, we’re already back in town, so can you stop singing that song? We’re gathering a lot of attention just by dragging a battered cage with a woman hugging her knees inside. And it’s safe back in town, so it’s about time you come out.
Don’t want to. This is my holy realm. The world outside is scary, so I don’t think I’ll be coming out for a while. 
G-Goddess-sama! Isn’t this goddess-sama? What are you doing in such a place?
… Hey, don’t act familiar with my companion. Who are you? If she knew you, why is Aqua not reacting at all?
… Hey, it’s someone you know, right? He called you goddess-sama just now. Go and handle that man.
… Ah! Goddess! That’s right, I’m a goddess. And? What problems do you want this goddess to settle? You guys are really helpless!
… Who are you?
Why are you saying this goddess-sama! It’s me Mitsurugi Kyouya! I received the magic sword, Gram, from you!
…?
Ah! Yes, there was such a person! Sorry, I totally forgot about you. I sent a lot of people here, so it can’t be helped if I forgot!
Eh, it’s been a while, Aqua-sama. As your chosen hero, I’ve been working hard every day. My job is Sword Master. I’m already at level 37… Oh right, what is Aqua-sama doing here? Or rather, why were you locked in a cage?
… Preposterous, this is too illogical! What were you thinking, bringing goddess-sama to this world? And you locked her in a cage and threw her in the lake for this quest?
You, what are you doing? This is nothing. I’m living every day happily, and am not angry about being brought to this world! And I can go back after defeating the Demon King! Today’s quest was a bit scary, but it was resolved smoothly. No one was hurt and the reward is 300,000. 300,000! And everyone said they would let me take all of it!
… Aqua-sama… I don’t how this man talked you into this, but you’re being treated too illogically. After such a sacrifice, you only earned 300,000…? You are a goddess! For a goddess to be treated this way… By the way, where do you stay at night?
With everybody, in the stables…
Huh?
Hey, watch yourself. You’ve been unreasonable all this while. This must be the first time you’ve met Kazuma, so there should be a limit to how rude you can be.
… Crusader and an Archwizard? And… They look rather good too. Seems that you had great luck in finding companions, but that doesn’t make sense. Don’t you feel ashamed in letting Aqua and these two excellent members sleep in the stables? You mentioned your job was the weakest Adventurer, right?
Hey, isn’t staying in the stables the norm for adventurers in this world? Why is this guy so mad?
Well, I think he was granted a powerful sword when he was transported to this world, and completed a bunch of high-difficulty quests from the beginning. He probably had no worries about money… But that’s the usual case for people with special abilities or equipment.
It must have been hard on you all so far. Please join me from now on. Of course, I won’t let you all sleep in the stables, and will buy the full set of premium equipment for you. The balance of the team is great. Me as a Swordmaster, my Warrior comrade and you as a Crusader: along with my Thief comrade, this Archwizard and Aqua-sama. What a perfect combination, it’s a match made in heaven.
It feels wrong. The self righteous way in which he talks made me cringe.  And his narcissistic tendencies frighten me.
What should we do? I feel physically repulsed by this man for some reason. I prefer active people over passive ones, but somehow that guy makes me want to beat him up.
Can I cast my magic? Can I throw an explosion spell into the face of that elite who’s talking down to us without ever experiencing a day of hardship?
Hey Kazuma, let’s hurry to the guild, okay? I might’ve been the one who gave him the powerful sword, but I think it would be better not to get too close with such people.
Well– My companions don’t seem keen to join your party. We still need to report the completion of the quest, so we’ll take our leave…
… please move out of the way.
Pardon me, but Aqua-sama is the one who bestowed this sword to me. And seeing my benefactor who granted me power fall to such a state, I can’t simply ignore it. You can’t save the world, the one to defeat the Demon King will be me. It would be better for Aqua-sama to follow me… You said you chose Aqua as the item to be brought along to this world with you, right?
… Yes.
If that’s the case, then how about making a bet? You chose Aqua-sama as the ‘thing’ to be brought along with you, right? If I win, you must give Aqua-sama to me; If you win, I can promise you one thing, anything.
Okay, I accept! Take this!
Eh? Wait! Hold…!
Steal–!
Huh?
Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag! Scumbag–!
How dirty! You’re the worst, scumbag! Can’t you fight honorably?
No matter what, I won. This guy said he would promise me anything if he lost, right? Then I’ll be taking this sword.
What!? What absurd thing are you saying!? Only Kyouya can use that magic sword. That sword chooses its owner, and it chose Kyouya as its master! The blessing of the sword won’t work on you!
… Is that true? I can’t use the spoils of war? I was thinking that I had finally gotten a strong piece of equipment.
It’s true. Regrettably, the sword Gram is the exclusive weapon of that unpleasant guy. It bestows one with arm strength beyond the human limits when equipped, and the sword is a sharp weapon that can cut through steel like a vegetable. But in Kazuma’s hands, this would just be a normal sword.
I’ll be on my way then. Tell that guy when he wakes up that he was the one who wanted the duel, so no complaints… All right, let’s go to the guild for the bounty, Aqua.
Y-You, hold it right there!
Give Kyouya’s sword back! We won’t acknowledge your win!
It’s fine if you want to bring it on… But I’m a believer in gender equality, a man who dares to use drop kicks against girls. Don’t think I’ll hold back against you two! I should say that since you are girls, I might humiliate you in public with Steal.
Ugwahh…
W-Why–!?
Didn’t I tell you, the cage I borrowed from you wasn’t damaged by me! It was that Mitsurugi guy who bent the bars! Why do I have to pay for it!?
… The bounty this time, after deducting the compensation for the broken cage, was only 100,000 eris… The staff said that the cage was made from a special process and material, so it cost 200,000…
Next time I meet that man, I’ll definitely give him a God Blow! And get him to cough up the compensation for the cage!
So that’s where you are! I had a hard time finding you, Satou Kazuma!
Satou Kazuma! I asked a female thief about you and she told me everything immediately. She said you like to strip woman of their panties. Other than that, your interest is to cover girls in slime. Lots of people are talking about you, devilish Kazuma.
Hold on, who’s the one spreading this? Tell me properly.
… Aqua-sama. I swear to you, after I get my sword back from that man, I will defeat the Demon King. So please join me and form a party- Puah…!
Ah! Kyouya!
Compensate me for the cage you destroyed! It’s all your fault that I had to pay for that cage! Because that cage was made through a special process and material, it cost me 300,000, okay! 300,000! You hear me, pay up!
… Even though I was defeated in that way, it was still my loss. Although it is shameless and selfish of me to say this after promising to do anything you wish… I beg of you! May you return the sword to me? That sword wouldn’t be of much use to you, it’s just sharper than normal swords if you wield it. That’s the most you can get out of the sword… How about this? If you want a sword, I can buy the best one in any shop and give it to you… May you please return it to me?
Using me as a prize without my permission, and asking for your sword back by offering to buy a good one in exchange… There’s no way this deal would work! Or do you think my worth is equal to the most expensive sword in a shop? Insolent fool! I’m a goddess! A goddess! To use me as a betting chip, what the hell are you thinking? I don’t want to ever see your face again, shoo. Hurry up, scram!
Please! Please wait, Aqua-sama! I’m not looking down on your value…
…? What is it little girl…? Hmm?
… Just a heads up, the sword is no longer with this man.
!
S-Satou Kazuma! Where is the sword? You, where did you take my sword to?
I sold it.
Damn you–!
… What’s with that guy… Speaking of which, he had been addressing Aqua as a goddess all this while, what’s up with that?
I’ve never told you this before, but very well… I’m Aqua, the patron goddess of the Axis Cult, goddess of water… That’s right, I’m that Goddess Aqua…!
… So, that’s the backstory you’re going by?
That’s wrong! And why did both of you say the same thing!?
Emergency broadcast! Emergency broadcast! Attention all adventurers, please prepare all your equipment and gather at the town’s main gate ready for battle–!
Again…? There are so many of these ‘emergency summons’ recently.
Emergency broadcast! Emergency broadcast! Attention all adventurers, please prepare all your equipment and gather at the town’s main gate ready for battle–! Especially Satou Kazuma-san and his companions, please head to the scene as soon as possible!
… Huh?
Oh, just as I suspected. This guy’s here again.
Why didn’t you come to the castle, you inhuman–!
Well… You invited us to the castle, but that doesn’t mean we must go. And what do you mean by ‘inhuman’? We stopped casting explosion magic, so why are you angry?
Stopped casting explosion?! You say it stopped?! Stop lying to me! That crazy Crimson Demon girl is still visiting every day!
Huh?
… Did you do this? I told you not to, but you still went?
Ow! Ow! Ow! It hurts! Stop! No, listen to me, Kazuma! I was satisfied with casting explosion on an empty plain not so long ago… But after I knew the charm of attacking a castle with magic, my body changed and I could only accept big and hard things…!
Don’t fidget around while saying that! And you can’t move after casting your spell, so that means you have an accomplice! Who in the world…
It’s you, right–!?
Wahahaha–! That dullahan was the reason we can’t get any good quests, so I wanted to vent some of my frustration! I was lectured by the store owner every day because of him!
I’m not furious because of the explosion magic! Don’t you all have the will to save your comrade? I might be this way now, but before I was executed because of unjust reasons and morphed into a monster, I was an honourable knight. Where I stand, that Crusader who was cursed while protecting her companions was the classic model of a knight, but you abandoned her…!
… Err, hey…
… What, what’s up with this–!?
It’s been a week since Darkness was cursed but she’s still alive. He must be really shocked, right, right? That Dullahan must have thought that we would head to the castle to break the curse and was waiting for us in vain, huh? He didn’t even know I broke the curse in no time after he left, right? Puhehe! This is hilarious! Super~ funny!
… Hey, you there! If I get serious, I could kill every single person in this town! Don’t think I’ll keep letting you off! As an undead, I won’t ever tire! You bunch of rookies won’t be able to even scratch me!
I’m the one who has no reason to let you off! I won’t let you escape this time! How arrogant for a mere undead to act in this manner! Disappear, Turn Undead!
You think a Demon King’s General wouldn’t be prepared to fight priests? Too bad. Including me, all the undead knights in this band have received the protection of the Demon King. We have a very high resistance against holy spells- Ahhhhhh–!
Hey, hey Kazuma! This is strange, it’s not working!
Hmph… Wait for me to finish! I am Beldia, a Demon King’s General, Dullahan Beldia! With this armour that was enchanted by the Demon King and my own powers, Turn Undead from a normal priest won’t work on me!… It shouldn’t work at all…
… Never mind. Because our diviner was raging on about a strong light descending near this town, I came here to investigate… In the beginning, I thought it was too much of a hassle and considered destroying the entire town…
Hmph, you’re not worthy enough for me to do it in person… Go, my brothers! Let them know what hell tastes like!
Ah! That guy was scared because Aqua’s spell was unexpectedly effective! He’s planning to use his minions to attack us while he escapes by himself!
T-That, that’s not it! This was my plan from the very beginning! A Demon King’s General is not a weakling who escapes on his own! You wouldn’t fight the boss at the very start. Of course, you would need to defeat the underlings first, that’s the tradition since ancient times-
Sacred Turn Undead–!
Yahhh–!
W-What should we do, Kazuma!? This is strange! My spell isn’t working at all.
Damn, damn you…! Let someone who’s talking finish! Enough! Hey, my brethren…!
All the people in this town… Kill them all!
Wahhh–! Priests! Get the priests here–!
Someone go to the Eris church for holy water, get all that you can–!
Hmph, hahaha! Come, let me hear your screams… Of… Despair…?
Wah, wahhh–! Why just me? I-I’m a goddess! A goddess, so I always do good deeds!
Ahhh! How, how sly! I’m the one who always does good deeds, so why are all the undead knights running over to Aqua…!
You, what are you all doing!? Don’t just chase that priestess, cover this town with the blood of the residents…!
Hey Megumin, could you cast an explosion spell on that bunch of undead knights?
Eh!? This is inside the town and they’re too dispersed, I might miss some of them…!
Wahhh, Kazuma-san–! Kazuma-san–!
You fool! Hey, don’t come this way! Lure them somewhere else and I’ll treat you to dinner tonight!
I’ll pay for dinner, just help me get rid of these undead! They’re weird! I couldn’t purify them with Turn Undead!
Megumin, wait outside the town and standby with your spell–!
Huh? Got… Got it!
Kazuma-san! How does it look behind me!? I think we got all the undead knights in town to follow us–!
Megumin, do it now–!
What a wonderful situation! I’m grateful, thank you Kazuma…! I’m Megumin! The elite mage of the Crimson Demons, wielder of explosion magic! Demon King’s General, Beldia! Behold my power! Explosion–!
Hmm… Everyone’s lost for words after witnessing the power of my explosion… Fuahh… Including the one narrating this speech, all this… Feels so good…
… Want me to give you a piggyback?
Ah, thank you. I can’t move because I’m too pleased with the spell. Can you help me put my eyepatch back?
My mouth is full of sand…
Woah! That’s awesome, girl with a screw loose!
The Crimson Demon girl with a screw loose took all of them out!
So aside from your weird name and loose screw, you’re great when it’s time to perform. I’m impressed!
Sorry, I want to cast an explosion on those people. Please bring me over there.
You’ve used all your mana. You did great today, be confident and have a good rest… Thank you for your hard work.
Crimson Demons have high intelligence.
… Want me to guess what Kazuma is thinking?
… I’m thinking that Megumin’s breasts are bigger than they look.
Fuhahaha! Interesting! That’s interesting! To think my minions would be wiped out in a novice town like this! All right, I’ll keep my promise!
I’ll personally handle you all!
… Oh–? The targets I prioritized should be those two over there… But… Hmph, if you all somehow manage to defeat me, you will get a hefty bounty… Come, novice adventurers dreaming of getting rich instantly. Charge at me at once!
Hey, no matter how strong he is, he doesn’t have eyes on his back! Surround him and attack!
Hey, the opponent is a Demon King’s General. How can such a simple tactic take him down!?
Just buy us more time! After hearing the emergency broadcast, the ace of this town will rush over! If that guy’s here, the Demon King’s General will be done for! Hey brothers, let’s go together! Aim for his blind spot! All at the same time!
Wait, stay back…
Huh?
Who’s next?
Trash, trash like you…! Trash like you will be done in with just a slash from Mitsurugi!
That’s right, just hold on a bit longer! When that magic sword guy comes, he’ll definitely take on the Demon King’s General…
You’re Beldia, right? Let me tell you, there’s a powerful and high-level guy in this town!
… Oh? So, you’re my next opponent?
Don’t worry Kazuma. In terms of toughness, I won’t lose to anyone. And I can use my skills on my weapon and armour too. Beldia’s sword might be powerful, but do you really think it can cut through steel armour like paper? From how the adventurers were killed, Beldia probably possesses powerful attack skills. I want to find out how my defense does against them!
Don’t do it! Beldia not only hits hard, he’s great at dodging too! All the adventurers attacking at the same time couldn’t hit him, so there’s no way you could with how clumsy you are.
… As a Crusader… As someone with the job of a guardian, there is something that I will not back off from. Let me protect you two.
Oh! You’re taking the initiative? As a Dullahan, it’s only expected that I should come to blows with a Crusader. All right, bring it on!
… Huh?
Seems like I expected too much. Enough… Well then…
All right, next is… Huh?
Ahhh! I just got my armour from the shop!
You, what is it with you…? Why aren’t you hurt after being hit by me…? Is that armour made by a famous artisan? No… It’s not possible even with that… That Archpriest and that Archwizard that loves explosions too, who the hell are you people…?!
Darkness! You can withstand that guy’s attack! Leave the attacking to me, I’ll support you!
I leave it to you! But please create a chance for me to hit him once, all right?!
Mages–!
All of you will in one weeks’ time–! Will die in the streets–!
All right, I’ll attack seriously this time!
Ka-Kazuma! Darkness, she’s…!
Oh, how straightforward! Okay, how about this?
Hey, Darkness you’re hurt! Enough, come back! All the adventurers will scatter and come up with a new plan!
Crusaders will never retreat when protecting someone! I won’t ever compromise on that! Also!
Also! This Dullahan is very skilled! He has been chipping my armour off slowly bit by bit…! He didn’t strip me naked directly, but left pieces of armour behind, making it more sexual than being naked. He wants to humiliate me in public…!
Huh?!
Look at the time and place, you unrepentant pervert!
Ugh…! Ka-Kazuma, you should be the one watching the time and place! I’m at my limits as I’m being ravaged by the Dullahan in public, and Kazuma is humiliating me too…! What are you trying to do to me, ganging up on me with the Dullahan like that!?
Huh?!… Huh?!
No one wants to do anything to you, pervert! Create Water!
… To use this skill so suddenly… You… You’re good, Kazuma. I don’t really dislike this. Although I’m fine with it, you should watch the time and place…
Wrong, this isn’t some weird sexual play! This is what I wanted to do! Freeze!
!? Oh, freezing the ground around my feet to stop me from moving…! I see, you thought my strength would lay in dodging? But…!
Stopping you from dodging will be enough! I’ll take your weapon from you! Take this, Steal–!
… That wasn’t a bad idea. Unfortunately, I’m a Demon King’s General. Such is the difference between our levels. If our powers were a bit closer, it might’ve gotten dangerous for me.
Don’t harm my comrade!
Thieves, hear me out–! The chances are low, but we’ll win if we snatch his sword! Everyone who can use Steal, come and help!
Steal–!
Ahhh!
… Ugh…!
Darkness! Kazuma, Darkness is in danger!
I had fun, Crusader! For me who was originally a knight to cross swords with you, I’m grateful to the Demon King and god of evil! All right, watch this…!
Create Water–!
!
… Kazuma, um… I’m fighting seriously here…
It’s water–!
Create Water! Create Water! Create Water–!
Hmph! Woah? That was close!
Hey, why are you guys messing around? Why are you playing with water with the Demon King’s General? I’m working seriously, so how can you start having fun, Kazuma? Are you an idiot?
It’s water, water! This fellow’s weakness is water! And you’re a goddess of water, right!? Or are you just a phony goddess? Can’t you even summon water?
!? Don’t be rude, careful of my divine retribution! What is all this talk about being a phony? I’m a true goddess! Water?! You want to talk about water with me?! Your weak stream is nothing, I can even summon a flood! Apologize! For accusing me of being a phony goddess, apologize!
I’m fine with apologizing however much you want, just summon it if you can, you useless goddess!
Wah ahhh–! You dare say I’m a useless goddess!? Watch this, I’ll show you just how great I can be when I get serious!
You small fries, your water is ineffective against…?
The familiars in this world…
The goddess of water–Aqua–commands you…
Sacred Create Water!
Hey…! Wait…!
Hya–! Water, watahhh–!
Puah…! Wait, I’m drowning…!
Megumin, Megumin–! Hold on tight, don’t get swept away!
Hey… Hey…! What were you thinking… Are you an idiot?! You must be a moron…!
Do it now, my stellar performance has weakened that guy. Use this chance to defeat him, Kazuma! Hurry up! Hey, hurry up you!
I’ll definitely snatch your weapon this time! Take this–!
Just try it! Even if I’ve been weakened drastically, it’s impossible for a mere novice to take my weapon!
Steal–!
Ahhh…
Ex-Excuse me…
Ex-Excuse me… Can you return my head back to me…?
Hey everyone, let’s play soccer! Soccer is–! A game that forbids the use of hands, where you only use your feet to control the ball–!
Huh? Ahhh–! Wait, hey, don’t do that!
Yahahaha! This game is fun!
Hey here! Pass it to me too–!
Stop! Please, it hurts, stop!
Hey Darkness, want to hit him with your sword?
This blow is for the people who took care of me but were killed by you! I don’t want to hit too many times, so take all of their share with this one hit!
Wahhh!
Great. Aqua, the rest is in your hands.
Leave it to me!
Sacred Turn Undead–!
Wait, hold on…! Hyaaa–!
… Darkness, what are you doing?
… I’m praying. The Dullahan was a knight who was executed unjustly, and turned into a monster because of his grudge. It might be weird to say this after smashing him with my sword, but there’s no reason not to pray for him…
I see…
… Cedre’s arm strength was weaker than mine, so he spread an idiotic rumour that my body was full of muscle… Heinz once said to me, ‘Hey, it’s hot today, fan me with that large sword of yours, all right? It’s fine if you hit me, that is if you can!’ as he laughed like a moron while teasing me… And Garilhe, I joined his party once and made him yell, asking why I kept charging into the middle of the monster hoard… They were all killed by that Dullahan. Thinking back, they might not have been great guys, but I didn’t really dislike them…
Um… I see. I’ll listen to the rest later, let’s go back to the guild for now.
… If I could meet them again… Just once is enough, I would want to have a drink with them…
O-Okay…
How should I put this… It’s my bad. I didn’t know you thought of us that way…
That’s… That’s right, I’m sorry for spreading that weird rumour because I lost to you in arm wrestling… I-I’ll treat you to a meal next time…
Actually… Were you really conscious about not being able to hit your enemy? I-I’m sorry about that…
Darkness, leave such things to me! At my level, fresh corpses that haven’t passed on too long ago can be resurrected by me easily! This is wonderful, now all of you can drink together again!
Isn’t this great? Meeting everyone once again… Let’s go and drink with everyone.
… I want to die…
Don’t you prefer when others humiliate you with words? Don’t hold back, I’ll keep bringing this up for the next three days.
This… This is not the kind of humiliation I want…!
Ah! You’re too slow, Kazuma! Everyone’s already starting to get smashed!
Hey, hurry and collect the bounty, Kazuma! Almost all the adventurers have claimed their rewards for defeating the Demon King’s boss! I did too! But as you can see, I drank a lot of it away!
You’re here, Kazuma. Quick, collect your reward.
I waited really long for you, Kazuma. Listen to me, Darkness is really petty, saying it was too early for me to drink…
Wait, it has nothing to do with being petty. That’s not what I meant…!
Eh, well… Satou Kazuma-san, correct? We have been expecting you.
Well… First will be the rewards for these two ladies.
… Actually… It’s like this. The guild has decided to present a special reward for Kazuma’s party.
Huh, why just us?
Hey, MVP! If not for you guys, there’s no way we could have beaten that Dullahan!
Ahem–To honor Satou Kazuma and his party’s victory over the Demon King’s General, Beldia… The guild awards them 300 million eris.
Three…
Hey, 300 million, it’s your treat Kazuma–!
Woah–! Kazuma-sama, treat us! Treat us–!
Hey Darkness, Megumin! I have something to tell both of you! I plan to cut down on adventuring in the future! With such a large amount of money, we could live a peaceful life of luxury!
Hey, wait a minute! It’s troubling if I can’t fight strong enemies! And what about defeating the Demon King?
This is a problem for me too! I want to defeat the Demon King with Kazuma and gain the title of the strongest mage!
Eh, things are like this. Because of Kazuma’s party… Which is to say, Aqua-san’s flood, the buildings around the town were washed away and damaged like a catastrophic disaster… But taking into consideration the merit of defeating a boss of the Demon King, the town won’t ask for full compensation, just a part of it… That’s how it is…
Reward is 300 million… The compensation is 340 million… Kazuma, let’s take on quests with strong enemies to earn lots of money starting tomorrow.
Satou Kazuma-san… Welcome to the afterworld. I’m Eris, the goddess who’ll guide your way. Your time in the mortal world is up.
… I want money!
Anyone would want that. It’s the same for me too… By the way, aren’t you being too useless? To let a goddess like me stay in the stables, don’t you know any shame? If you get it, let me live more luxuriously. Take better care of me!
… Do you know why I crave for money so badly?
The elegant and wonderful me couldn’t possibly understand what a former hikikomori like you is thinking about. You’re after the funds you need to stay a hikikomori forever, isn’t that it?
It’s debt.
It’s the debt, all right! Because of the money you owe, the reward from that quest was completely gone! My brows were frozen when I woke up in the stables this morning! The other adventurers are already renting rooms in the tavern to sleep! If we keep sleeping in the stables this winter, we’ll freeze to death! Get a grip, now is not the time to say stupid things like, ‘I’ll return victoriously after defeating the Demon King’!
That couldn’t be helped! If not for my superb performance, this town would’ve been destroyed! How unreasonable to just throw the debt at us without a word of thanks! This is ridiculous! I want to complain to the counter staff!
Hey, stop that, don’t trouble the counter lady…! In the end, we did receive a large reward… It was just negated by the debts. Destroying a part of town wasn’t something that could be ignored.
What’s with you!? Kazuma was just running away before I weakened him enough for you to use Steal on him! Praise me more! Respect me! Don’t stop worshiping me! Everyone in the guild should adore me as a goddess and respect me!
You annoying egotistic idiot! You’ll act all arrogant if I don’t put you in your place! Fine, I admit the incident was settled all thanks to you! So, you’ll get all the credit for it, are you happy now!? Then go clear the debts alone!
Wahhh, wait! Sorry, I was wrong, I apologize… Don’t abandon me!
Really, making a scene so early in the morning. Everyone’s watching… They aren’t watching. The guys in the guild have gotten used to you two…
You two are up early. Did you find any good quests?
Yo, are you two ready, too? We haven’t found any jobs, and I don’t think we need to rush. It’s fine to wait for you two to join us before we hunt for quests.
Let me see… The bounties are great for these quests, but there are no decent ones left…
… Mobile Fortress Destroyer is approaching, recruiting scouts for reconnaissance regarding its route of advancement…? What? What’s this Destroyer?
The Destroyer is the Destroyer. The huge and fast mobile fortress.
It rampages around and is strangely popular among the kids.
Hey, what’s this ‘Snow Sprite Hunt’? That doesn’t sound very strong.
Snow Sprites are weak monsters. They can be found in places with lots of snow, and will shatter when hit with a sword. But…
Hunting Snow Sprites? Snow Sprites aren’t dangerous monsters, but defeating one will allow spring to arrive half a day earlier. If we’re taking this quest, I’ll need to prepare.
Snow Sprites…
… Hey, can’t you do something about your attire?
I want to catch the Snow Sprites and put them into these bottles! If I put one together with a beverage in a box, I’d be able to drink ice-cold Neroid at any time! It’ll be like a fridge! What do you think? I’m smart, right?
Where’s your armour?
Still being repaired.
… The armour was battered after the fight with the Demon King’s General … But is this equipment okay…? Well, I don’t think the Snow Sprites will attack us, though.
It’s fine, don’t worry. It’s a bit cold, but this is like a cold endurance contest. It feels nice…
Megumin, Darkness! They’re escaping your way, take care of them! Damn, they’re squirming all over!
They float around leisurely if you leave them alone, but they dodge agilely if you attack them.
I caught a fourth one! Look, Kazuma! What a harvest!
They’re too fast, Kazuma. Darkness and I can’t get them… Can I use Explosion to blow up an area?
All right, I’m counting on you, Megumin. Get them all.
Explosion!!!
Eight! I took out 8. And I raised a level!
… Ah, it appeared!
… Kazuma. Let me tell you why the adventurers don’t take on quests in the winter.
You stayed in Japan in the past. When you were young you must’ve heard this name during this season in the weather reports and news, right?
The master of the Snow Sprites, and the symbol of winter itself…
That’s right. This is the Winter Shogun.
This is stupid! All the people, food, and monsters in this damn world are stupid!!
Ugh!?
Ahhh!? My sword is…!?
Winter Shogun; one of the special monsters with a high national bounty. The Winter Shogun is the Fairy of Winter… Fairies don’t have a material body. It manifests itself according to the unconscious descriptions and images of the people it meets. The Fairy of Fire would turn into a violent salamander according to ‘the desire to engulf everything in flames’. The Fairy of Water reminds people of the young, beautiful and sensible goddess of water, so they would manifest themselves as a young girl… But the Fairy of Winter is a bit special, all right? In the winter with dangerous monsters all around, even adventurers won’t leave their homes, so few people have met the Fairy of Winter… That’s right, except for the bunch of cheaters who were transported here from Japan.
… You mean this thing is here because those idiots from Japan thought ‘When you think  about winter, you have to think about the Winter Shogun’? Why did they think such troublesome things? What should we do? Can we fight the fairy of Winter!?
Kazuma, listen to me! The Winter Shogun is a merciful being! If you apologize properly, it’ll let us go!
Prostrate! Prostrate yourself, quick! Everyone throw your weapons away! Apologize! Hurry up Kazuma, apologize!
Hey, what are you doing, hurry up and kneel!
Ugh…! Even I have my pride as a Crusader! Even if no one is watching, as a knight, I can’t lower my head to a monster because of fear…!
You’re always happily chasing monsters around, so why are you displaying your boring sense of pride now!
Stop! Ugh, I don’t want to lower my head, but because you so crudely forced me down, my face is touching the ground, what a reward! Hahaha… Ah, the snow is cold…!
Kazuma, the weapon! Throw the weapon in your hand away now!!
Um… Have you calmed down?
Ah… Sorry, I lost my composure. That was embarrassing of me.
This is nothing to be ashamed about. You lost your precious life after all…
Um, may I ask? Do you know what happened to the monster that killed me?
It’s fine, the Winter Shogun disappeared after cutting you down.
Satou Kazuma-san. You came from peaceful Japan and encountered something like this… Brave soul who came from another world, I will use my power to let you reincarnate in peaceful Japan to a wealthy family and live a free life.
Hurry and come back Kazuma! How can you be killed off so easily in such a place! It’s too early for you to die!
Wait, what’s happening!?
Wha–! This voice, Aqua-senpai!? I was thinking that Archpriest looked just like Senpai; could it really be her!?
Kazuma, can you hear me? I have cast Resurrection on your body, you can come back now. There’s a goddess before you, right? Ask that girl to open the gate back here.
Okay, wait for me, Aqua! I’ll be right there!
Hold on, wait a minute! No, no, I’m sorry, you’ve already been revived once. By the laws of the heavens, you can’t be resurrected again! The other side can’t hear us, unless Aqua-senpai is connected to your voice. Could you help me pass along the message?
Hey, Aqua, can you hear me!? She said that I’ve already been revived once, so I can’t be revived again because of some rules in heaven!
Ah? Which goddess said such foolish things! Tell me your name! A goddess watching over such a far-off place should respect an elite like me who oversees Japan!!
Eh, it’s a goddess-sama by the name of Eris…
Eris!? That flat-chested Eris that audaciously used her name as the currency unit, just because she was worshipped as the national religion of this world!? Listen, Kazuma, if Eris continues to prattle, you just go for the pads in her bra and–
I get it, I get it! I’ll make an exception this time! I’ll open the gate now!
Really, Aqua-senpai is still as unreasonable as ever.
This way, the gate to the mortal world… Really, this wouldn’t normally happen. By the rules, be it kings or big shots, everyone else only gets one chance… Really. You’re Kazuma-san, right?
Eh, ah, yes!
Please keep this a secret, okay?
… zuma…! Kazuma, get up! Kazuma!
… Ah, you finally got up? That child is so stubborn, really.
Hey Kazuma, don’t get hung up on being embarrassed. There should be something you want to say to us, right?
I want a swap.
How dare you hikiNEET! If you want to see that child so much, I’ll send you there right now!
Stop, stop! Don’t rough up someone who was just revived, you violent goddess!
… Is your body okay? Does it feel weird anywhere?
It seems fine. By the way, how was I killed?
You were beheaded by the Winter Shogun. It was a clean cut. Thanks to that, it easily reconnected and the healed. I restored a bit of your blood, but not completely. You’ll feel weak if you do anything strenuous, so, you’re banned from vanguard duties. It’ll be over if you get hurt and bleed again, understand?
Beheaded…!
But getting 12 in an hour. 1,200,000… It was a decent haul, but not worth dying for. That Winter Shogun is said to be a special monster. How much is his bounty? To break Darkness’s sword in one blow, he seemed stronger than Beldia who was worth 300 million.
The Winter Shogun is a monster that doesn’t do anything if you leave the Snow Sprites alone. Even so, the bounty should be about 200 million. As a Demon King’s General, Beldia, had a high bounty because of how dangerous he was. For the Winter Shogun who doesn’t actively attack humans to have a bounty of 200 million… it shows just how strong the Winter Shogun is.
… Megumin, could you use Explosion on that?
The Winter Shogun can’t be defeated by Explosion. Although it had a shape of a human, it is still a fairy. Fairies are immaterial, an existence just like mana. If it was an existence like the Fairy King, its magical defense would be rather high. Although Explosion could deal damage to all sort of existences, it would still be hard to settle it in one blow… Also, I don’t want to cast Explosion on such a scary opponent.
Hmph, Kazuma, you look rather down. But I wasn’t just thinking about prostrating. Here, look!
Oh! That’s smart of you, Aqua. Okay, hand this over, I’ll crush it right now.
Wha–! No, this child is for my fridge!! To drink ice-cold Neroid in summer… No, don’t kill this child! I even gave it a name, so you can’t kill it! No, no!!
Hehe, I have to take good care of this child and make lots of ice in the summer. And I’ll sell shaved ice with this child on the roadside! I’ll sleep with it in the hot summer night…! … Hey, Megumin, do you know what this child eats?
I don’t know what Snow Sprites feed on. Really, what do they eat?
It looks light and fluffy, probably tastes good if you dip it in sugar and put it in your mouth…
?
… Sigh.
Ah!!
Hey, say that again.
I can say it as many times as you want. You mentioned a luggage-carrying quest? In a party full of high-tier job members, can’t you take on a harder quest? You’re the dead weight holding them back, right, man with the weakest job?
Hey, say something, weakest job holder. Really, bringing three pretty ladies around, are you planning to create a harem? And all of them have top-tier jobs. You must be creating wonderful memories everyday with these onee-sans, right?
Kazuma, don’t bother with them. I won’t mind no matter what they say about me.
That’s right Kazuma, ignore those drunkards.
Yeah, that man is just jealous that Kazuma has us. I don’t mind, so just leave them be.
Being surrounded by top-tier classes is so blissful. How envious it is to not know suffering! How about switching places with me, bro?
I’ll gladly switch!!
… Huh?
I said that I would switch with you! Hey, you think I’m a pushover because I didn’t say anything, right! Ahhh, that’s right, I have the weakest job! I’m fine with that… But you! What did you say after that, you jerk!?
Ka… Kazuma?
After that part? Um, bringing three pretty ladies and creating a harem…
Pretty ladies!? Harem!? You said harem!? Hey, are those things in your eye sockets made from glass!? Where are the pretty ladies!? My eyes are bad and can’t see any pretty ladies, all right! Why don’t you change your glass eyes with my lousy ones!!
Ah, huh!?
Hey, you! Tell me! Pretty ladies? Where, where are they! You said you envy me, right? Ahh? You said that, right!?
Well… About that…
And after that? Being surrounded by top-tier classes is so blissful? How envious it is to not know suffering!!!?
… Um, well, sorry… The alcohol got to my head… But! The grass might look greener on the other side, but your situation is better! You said you want to change with me, right? Just one day. How about just switching with me for one adventure? Hey, you guys are fine with that, right!?
I-I’m fine with that… The quest today is just hunting goblins.
I’m okay with it too. But Dust, don’t say you don’t want to rejoin the party because it’s too comfortable there, all right?
I have no problems, either. Even with a rookie, the goblins are no big deal. As compensation, I hope you bring some great stories back.
Hey, Kazuma. Um, you guys seemed to be chatting happily, but aren’t you going to ask for our opinion?
No. Hello, my name is Kazuma. It might just be one day, but please take care of me!
Ah, okay…
I’m Taylor. I’m proficient with a one-handed sword, and I am a Crusader. I’m sort of like the leader of this party. It is just temporary, but you’re still part of our team. Please listen to my instructions, all right?
Of course. Or rather, I was always the one issuing the orders. Following your instructions should be a refreshing experience. Please look after me.
What? That party of top-tier jobs is led by an adventurer?
That’s correct.
I’m Lynn. As you can see, I’m a mage. I can use Intermediate Magic. Anyway, nice to meet you. And don’t worry, I’ll protect you, rookie! Goblins are a piece of cake!
I’m Keith. Archer. I’m confident with sniping. Anyway, pleased to meet you.
I’ll be in everyone’s care. I’m Kazuma. My job is adventurer… Eh, should I talk about things I’m good at?
No, no need. By the way, weren’t you looking for a quest carrying luggage? Kazuma, just help us with our bags. A simple quest of hunting goblins will be fine with just the three of us. Don’t worry, the bounty will be split equally 4 ways.
Hmm~ repel the goblins? Why did those things appear around the town? Can’t we take a quest with a higher reward? We need to let Kazuma know just how valuable we are.
No, I know you all are very capable, but I can’t match up with you all. Archpriest, Archwizard and Crusader. With such a formation, any adversaries would not be a match. But please pick a simple one this time… By the way, I see that you don’t have a weapon or armour, are you planning to go just like that?
No problem. I’m confident of my toughness, and my weapon wouldn’t hit anyway.
Wouldn’t hit…? No, that…? Never mind, it would work…
I didn’t plan to work during winter, but we managed to obtain this simple goblin hunting job. In summary, we’ll be hunting the goblins at the foot of the mountain path. If we set off now, we can make it back by night. Well then, rookie, let’s get going.
Anyway, why are the goblins staying at such a place? Not that I’m complaining. Thanks to that, we got this great quest of hunting goblins!
The goblins were spotted at the top of this mountain path, just as it starts leading down the slope. There might be goblins living in the caves beside the path, so be on guard from this point onwards.
Something’s coming from the mountain path ahead. My Enemy Detection skill picked it up. But it’s just one.
… Kazuma, you have the skill to detect enemies? And it’s just one? That shouldn’t be a goblin. There shouldn’t be strong enemies that can move alone here… This is just a straight path, we’ll be discovered even if we hide among the trees there. Should we fight?
No, I have the Lurk skill, so we won’t be discovered even if we hide. This skill is effective on party members that are touched by the user, so let’s hide in the trees first.
… Wah! How, how scary! Rookie Killer! That was a Rookie Killer!
My heart, my heart almost stopped! We’re saved…! I get it, the goblins moved to the mountain path so close to town because they were herded by the Rookie Killer.
Ah, that’s it… But this is troubling. It moved in the direction of our home. We can’t escape back to town that way.
Um, was that thing really that scary?
That’s a Rookie Killer. It hangs around creatures like goblins and kobolds, weaker monsters that are easy for rookie adventurers to handle, and preys on those adventurers in turn. This means the goblins are bait to lure adventurers. And to keep the goblins from settling at one place, it’ll herd the goblins to change its hunting grounds. A cunning and dangerous monster.
How scary.
Anyway, why don’t we complete the goblin quest? The Rookie Killer would usually protect the goblins that are used to lure the adventurers. If we kill the goblins and hide their bodies in the woods along the mountain path, it might ignore us like it did just now, and follow the scent of the bloody goblins instead. Even if it got close, we could rely on Kazuma’s Enemy Detection. We can’t just keep hiding here since we don’t know whether the Rookie Killer will come back. Let’s head for our destination.
If we encounter the Rookie Killer and needed to run, it would be better if Kazuma has a lighter load. I’ll take some too. As compensation, I’ll be counting on your Enemy Detection and Lurk skills, all right?
We… We aren’t relying on Kazuma, okay?
Kazuma, how is it? Any reaction from Enemy Detection?
There are a lot hiding around that corner. There is no sign of the Rookie Killer from the way we came from.
If there are many, then that must be goblins. The goblins live in groups.
I’ve never fought goblins before, but are there really supposed to be this many? How many are there in a normal group? I’m sensing way too many for me to count.
Hey, are there really that many of them? Since Kazuma said so, why not peek at how many there are, and go in when…
No problem, no problem! How could we let Kazuma hog the spotlight! All right, let’s go!
Woah! So many!!
Didn’t I tell you!? I already told you! Didn’t I say we should peek and see how many there were!!
There would normally be only a dozen or so goblins! Damn, if we run back, we might get caught between them and the Rookie Killer! There’s nothing to this, let’s do it!
Chi, chi, chi! Chi-, chi-!
Ouch! Shit, I’m hit by an arrow! Hey! There’s a goblin archer! Lynn, cast wind-defense spells, quick!
Lynn is still chanting, she won’t make it! Everyone, try to dodge!
Wind Breath!
Ka-Kazuma! Good job!
Wind Curtain!
With this terrain, this will work! Create Water!
Kazuma!? What are you…
Freeze!
Ohh!!
Taylor! We’ll handle the goblins trying to get back up! Leave the goblins staying at the back to the ranged attacks from behind!
W-Well done Kazuma! Hey, let’s go everyone! The numbers are no longer a problem, let’s finish the goblins!
Hahaha, isn’t this easy! Watch me shoot holes through them!
I’m going! I’ll cast my powerful magic into their midst!
… Hahaha, I’ve never heard of anyone using magic in such a way! Is basic magic really that effective?!
Really! I was taught at the magic academy that Basic Magic was just a waste of skill points! Haha, hahaha, what’s with that!
Wahaha, oh my, this is the first time I enjoyed hunting goblins this much! Ara, I thought we were doomed when I saw that large tribe of goblins!
Hey, the battle’s over, hand your bags over. Shouldn’t those with the weakest job, adventurers, carry the luggage?
Ah, sorry, we were mean to you and I apologize! I won’t look down on you again just because you’re an adventurer!
Sorry, Kazuma! Anyway, why is the one with the weakest adventurer job the most active! This is too strange!
Hey, Kazuma, give me the luggage! You’re the MVP today, so I’ll help you carry them!
Ugh… That hurts…
Hey, are you alright? I can learn recovery magic on the spot, but there are no antiseptics here, so it’s better to not seal the wounds before going back to town. Do clean the wound in town.
Kazuma, you can learn recovery magic…?
Recovery magic… Our team finally has someone who can use recovery magic…
Hey, stop it. Kazuma has somewhere to return to. He has a team that’s full of top-tier job holders… Really. Now I understand why Kazuma is the leader in a party of top-tier job members.
Hmm? Is there something charging at us?
Rookie Killer!
Ha… Ha…! Damn it, we have to face that in the end!
Hah, hah… Oh no, it’s catching up!
Lynn! We’ll get caught if this goes on! Escape to town with Kazuma! I’ll stall it, and Keith will support me! Get help once you reach town!
Oh!? Th-Th-That’s right! Le-Le-Leave it to me! Kazuma belongs to another party after all, but he performed the best! It’s our time to shine!
I-I understand! Let’s hurry, Kazuma!
Hey, wait Kazuma!? Aren’t you running!?
Create Earth!
Hey Kazuma! It’s dangerous, run!
Warghh! Bring it on, fur ball!
Wind Breath!
Wait!? Huh!?
Hey, now’s our chance! Run!!
Did, did we lose it?
Hah… Hah… I, I think we did?
… Huff… Huff… Fuhehehe…
Ha… Ha, hahaha…!
Aha… Ahahaha… Ahahaha!
Hey, what was that, man?! Kazuma, what did you do!? Wahahaha!
It’s Basic Magic, Basic Magic! It took me a lot of points, but as an adventurer, I could learn Basic Magic! Wahahaha!
How could there be such an adventurer! Ughahaha! My belly, it hurts from laughing! Alive, we encountered the Rookie Killer and lived!
Unconventional! This man is unconventional, in all sorts of ways! How high is his ‘intelligence’!? Hey, Kazuma, let me see your adventurer card!
Ah… Hmm? Intelligence is normal. The other stats too… Oh, what the!? This person’s luck is very high!!
Wah, what is this!
Oh, hey, was the quest proceeding smoothly because of Kazuma’s luck? Both of you, pray quick! You might receive some blessing!
Please, please don’t do that, don’t pray to me… How about getting some coffee instead? I can create clean water and fire too.
We’re here! That felt like a big adventure today!
Boo… Boohoo… Hoo, boohoo… Ah, Kazumaaaaa…
I genuinely understand how you feel, but please don’t close the door!
… Eh, what happened? No, I pretty much get it, so I don’t really want to hear it.
Listen to me! Listen!! It’s my bad, all right? You know, I asked everyone what skills they had when we left town. So, this kid told me she could use Explosion and I praised her for her abilities. And she said, ‘Let me show you my power’, and suddenly used all her mana on an empty grass plain to cast her explosion spell…
Hey, listen to me! After that, we encountered the Rookie Killer! Maybe it heard the explosion and rushed over. And the important mage was down at this critical juncture. I already said we should flee, but that Crusader charged at it despite not having armour, and the result was…
Hey everyone, this guy will probably report the incident with the Rookie Killer to the guild, let’s eat something and rest. Cheers to the formation of the new party!
Yeah!!
Wait! I apologize! I can kneel before you or anything, but please let me return to my original party!
Work hard in your new party from now on.
I was wrong, all right!! I’ll apologize for this morning, so please forgive me!!
Let’s go to a dungeon tomorrow.
Don’t wanna.
You have to.
Don’t wanna don’t wanna, I’ll lose my reason for existence if I go to a dungeon! If Explosion magic that might cause the dungeon to collapse can’t be used, I’ll become a normal person!
You haven’t forgotten what you said when you joined the party, have you?! Wasn’t it something like, ‘I’m willing to carry the luggage or anything when exploring dungeons! Please, don’t throw me away!’
Sigh… I understand, but I’ll really be useless, all right? I can only do things like carrying the bags…
Don’t worry, you just need to follow us until the entrance of the dungeon. If we meet any dangerous monsters on the way to the dungeon, I’ll be relying on you to repel them with magic, all right?
Hmm? Just the entrance? Will that really be fine?
By the way, why did you suddenly want to go to a dungeon? If you want to explore dungeons, the party needs a thief, all right? How about Chris? I haven’t seen her around the guild lately.
Chris said she was really busy. She said the senpai who took care of her in the past was pushing all sorts of troublesome matters to her. Seems like it’ll be some time before she comes back. But she taught me Detect Traps and Disarm Traps which are necessary for dungeon exploration. Chris said the type of monsters in dungeons won’t change because of the seasons. That’s why I thought of going into one and giving it a try.
Um, please wait a while more. My great sword broke during the fight with Winter Shogun. I have ordered a new sword, but it’ll take some time to finish. I can’t be considered a combatant right now.
You were never a combatant, so that’s not a problem.
!?
I’ll properly explain things so that there are no misunderstandings. The one infiltrating the dungeon will just be me, I hope everyone can be my escort on the way there.
?
All right, I’ll go alone from here on. The three of you just wait at this refuge for me. If I’m not back within a day, go back to town and ask for help from Taylor’s group… That said, I’m just scouting the place out, so I should be back soon.
Are you really going solo? It’s preposterous to challenge a dungeon by yourself. I heard what you said Kazuma, but I think with my armor clanking loudly just by walking, it would be useless for me to follow…
Me too, I would just be a burden if I follow… Think it over, Kazuma.
No problem, I’ll go with you!
… No, don’t follow me. I said I’ll be moving alone.
With the archer skill Farsight that Keith taught to me, I can see things in the dark. I’ve already tried this before. Even if there’s no light source and total darkness, I can still gauge the distance, where items are placed and their shapes. So, if I go alone, I don’t even need any light. The monsters that target adventurers with a light source won’t be able to find me.
By the way, I also have the thieving skills Enemy Detection and Lurk. So, I can walk in the darkness, confirm the layout, detect enemies and avoid them. Lurk allows me to tide over danger when I can’t avoid them just by sticking close to the wall… Probably.
I’ll be going then. It’s cold here and you might encounter monsters, so go back to the refuge and wait.
… Didn’t you hear what I said? It’s more convenient for me to move alone. It’s dark in there, so you can’t do anything even if you follow.
Hey, Kazuma, have you forgotten who I am? Archpriest is just my mortal disguise. Come on, say it–although Megumin and Darkness still don’t believe me–come, tell me what my job is!
Goddess of poverty?
No, I’m the goddess of water! You could’ve at least said I’m the goddess of banquets!
I’m a goddess after all; my eyes have the power to see through everything. Before Kazuma was reincarnated, I accurately told you the cause of your death, right? My powers have weakened after coming to the mortal world, but I still have a couple of godly powers, you know? I can’t see through everything right now, but there’s no problem in seeing through the dark!
The monsters in dungeons are usually undead. Those fellows would be attracted to the life force of the living. This means the Lurk skill is useless against undead monsters. This problem can only be solved if I come along, right?
Hey, Kazuma, is your night vision fine? My divine eyes can see the ugly posture of Kazuma walking timidly down the stairs. Tell me if your night vision isn’t working well, okay?
I can see clearly; your useless posture that hesitates every time you take a step down is shown plainly before me. Treat this as my request, please don’t fall down.
Really, my field of vision is so clear that I can run away if there’s any danger. Do tell me if any monster approaches us. I’ll watch our backs, so don’t touch my butt, all right?
Don’t worry, I don’t care about your butt. Let me tell you what I’m thinking–I’m seriously considering the ways to abandon you in the deepest parts of the dungeon.
How mean~ Kazuma keeps making jokes like this! Hehehe!
Silly Aqua. I was serious just now. We’ve been together for so long, so you should know when I’m serious~ hahaha!
… What is this?
Wahhh!!
… This corpse is about to become an undead monster. Kazuma, wait for a moment.
But, puhehe! This is too stupid, pushing himself to challenge a dungeon alone–Puhah! Hahaha!
What, what? Why are you making weird gestures suddenly? Want me to perform hand shadows? Then give me a light. Foxes and bunnies are out of fashion, let me show you the shadow of the Mobile Fortress Destroyer.
No! And what’s this Destroyer?! I’m just signaling to you that the enemy is coming, so we should run this way! Damn it, they spotted us! Hey, help me fight them!
… Hmm, I don’t know what this is. I can see the shape, but not the color, so I can’t tell. Hey, do you know what this is?
This is a low-tier demon called a Gremlin. The magic in dungeons are more powerful than the surface, so weak demons like this appear sometimes.
Hey, let me ask you, can you really see clearly in the dark?
My vision now is no different than in broad daylight. What is it?
So, when we were sleeping in the stables together, you saw everything?
I didn’t see anything. Because when I heard fap, fap, fap, your back was facing me.
… Thank you for your mercy Aqua-sama.
Lost souls wandering the cold dungeons, rest in peace. Turn Undead!
Thanks, Aqua, you’ve been a great help. It would’ve been dangerous if I had come alone.
Hmm? You’re finally seeing me in a new light…? Anyway, where are the treasures? This dungeon has been explored so many times, so I’m not expecting much either.
… Tch, there’s nothing good here.
Hey, Kazuma, the way you were exploring and that line you said made me feel like we are tomb robbers.
…? Hey, Kazuma, there seems to be something there.
Hey, that’s a treasure chest! That’s great Kazuma, we were right to explore the dungeon!
Hey, wait, wait. Don’t you think it’s weird for a treasure chest to appear in the dungeon where tons of people have explored…? Hmm, as I suspected, Enemy Detection is responding.
Ah… So it’s a Dungeon Mimic. It’s unfortunate, but it can’t be helped…
H-How disgusting! What is that!?
As the name of the monster implies, it cannot move, but part of its body can mimic the form of a treasure chest or money, luring the prey to take the bait. It’ll sometimes take the form of a human, and hunt the monsters that prey on men.
Turn Undead!
… Hey, isn’t this weird? There are too many undead here. A party without an Archpriest wouldn’t be able to subjugate the dungeon, right? And we haven’t found any treasure yet. Let’s forget it and go back.
You’re right. We didn’t find any treasure, but I’m satisfied after purifying so many undead… Hold on a minute, the scent of the undead is still lingering here.
Is there a priest amongst you?
Good morning, this is the first time we met. Though, I don’t know what time it is, so should I say ‘Good evening’ instead?
I’m Keele, creator of this dungeon. I kidnapped the daughter of a noble. That’s right, I’m an evil mage.
After making this wish, I kidnapped that lady,
…Which means you’re not an evil mage, but a good one? To get on the good side of the king, the daughter was offered to the king as a concubine. But she wasn’t loved, and didn’t have a good relationship with the queen and the other concubine. And you said something like, ‘Since you don’t want her, give her to me’, right?
That’s the gist of it. Afterwards, I proposed to the lady I kidnapped, she accepted me. Then I eloped with her while fending off the army of the kingdom… Ahh, that was fun. Oh, by the way, the one on the bed is her. How does she look? Isn’t the curve of her collar bone is beautiful?
And so, I have a request for that lady over there,
Request?
Could you send me to the other world? This lady should have the power to do so.
Did I make her happy?
Ah, that’s a big help. A lich can’t do something as ridiculous as committing suicide after all. I was quietly waiting for myself to decay when I felt a powerful holy aura, so I woke from my long slumber.
Archwizard Keele, you have forsaken the laws of the gods and became a lich by your own conviction. In the name of the goddess of water Aqua, I absolve you of your sin… When you wake up, you will find yourself before a goddess with unnaturally large breasts named Eris. If you don’t mind the age difference between you and the one you love, or if your relations aren’t between a man and a woman, and if you wish to meet her no matter what form it may be in… You can try asking Eris. She will make your wish come true.
Sacred Turn Undead!
… Let’s go back.
Hey, will that undead meet the lady again?
… Who knows. Eris will probably do something about it.
Anyway, that lich was a nice guy. He said money is useless to him and gave us all of his fortune. I don’t know how much it’s worth, let’s split it equally when we get back to town.
… That’s right. We have to use this money properly for his sake too.
Hey, Aqua, that guy said something earlier.
… What?
… That person. He said he woke up after sensing a powerful holy aura. Could it be that the reason we encountered so many undead monsters in this dungeon was because of you?
!?
I-I-I think… It shouldn’t be… Probably?
… When the Dullahan attacked, his undead knights seemed to be very attracted to you..
!?
Hey, Kazuma, you can’t stay too far away from me, all right? Don’t you think we should be closer to guard against monster attacks? Al-Also, with Kazuma’s half-baked night vision, you won’t be able to see the exit I marked with my chalk!
Hehehe, that’s how it is! There’s no way you can leave me behind here! In this situation, we’re ants on the same rope… Actually, no, without me who can tell the path back and fight off undead, Kazuma won’t be able to return by himself! The situation is in my favor! If Kazuma understands the situation, address me as Aqua-sama from now on, and spread word of my elegant performance in the dungeon to the people in town…!
Hey, wait Kazuma! Wait!? Don’t abandon me! Sorry, I’m sorry, it’s all my fault! I’ll apologize, so let me hide too! Please Kazuma! I beg you, Kazuma-sama!!
… I can probably guess what happened, but allow me to ask anyway. What the hell happened?
Wahhh! Kazuma, he! Kazuma, he wahhh!
Don’t blame me, this is because you attracted all the undead! You didn’t even reflect on it when we were returning! I’m taking back the high evaluation I gave you earlier!
But but–that’s just the way I am, I can’t help it! What do you expect!? Drop my holy aura to the same level as a hikiNEET like Kazuma!? If that really happens, all Axis devotees over the world would cry…!
You’re not reflecting at all! Go visit the dungeon and find the treasures that the lich and lady gave us, and learn something from those two! Let them teach you how to live properly!
Damn hikiNEET, how dare you ask a goddess to learn from a lich!
… The lich and the lady?
From what Aqua said, that lady had no regrets and properly passed on. What was the hard life on the run to her? That lich was still wondering if he blessed the lady with happiness. But from the way I see it, she was undoubtedly blessed.
… Of course she was happy, it’s obvious that she was blessed. I dare say her life on the run was one of the happiest times of her life.
All right, we’re here. Listen Aqua, let me be clear, don’t make a mess or act violently. And don’t use any magic, understand?
Hey, why are you restricting me from this and that? I’ve been meaning to ask you, but do you think I’m a delinquent or a bandit or something? I am a goddess, you know? A holy being.
Welcome… Ahhh!?
Ahhh!? You finally showed up, damn undead! You dare set up shop here!? A goddess like me must sleep in the stables, but you can open a shop? You’re getting too full of yourself, lich! I’ll burn your store down in the name of the gods!
Yo, Wiz, long time no see. I came to visit.
… Hey, doesn’t this shop know how to serve tea?
Ah, sorry!! I’ll bring it now!
Don’t serve her tea! I’ve never heard of a magic item shop that serves tea to its customers!
Ah, that’ll explode on strong impact, so please be careful.
Ah? Seriously!?
Ah, that one will explode if you open the cap, so…
What about this one?
It’ll explode when it touches water.
… How about that one?
It explodes when heated…
Does your shop only sell explosives?!
No no no! All the explosive bottle series just happen to be on that rack!
Wiz, you mentioned this before, right? You said you can teach me some of the skills of a lich. I have some skill points now, so could you teach me something?
Puu!
Hyaaa!
Hey, what are you thinking, Kazuma!? The skills of a lich? You say you want to learn a lich’s skills!? I was wondering what you said to her after taking this woman’s name card! The skills of a lich are all evil! It would be bad if you learned such skills! Listen, liches are basically the relatives of slugs that like dark and wet places.
How, how mean!
No, I don’t care if liches are the relatives or siblings of slugs–it’s normally impossible to learn skills from a lich, right? I feel that if I learn these skills, I might be able to increase the combat potential of our party. You should understand that with our current powers, we can’t handle powerful foes or a large number of enemies, right?
But… As a goddess, I can’t stand my servant learning the skills of a lich…
‘As a goddess’…? Um, I was almost destroyed when you used Turn Undead… Could it be, you’re a real goddess?
You could say that. You probably won’t spread this around, so I shall tell you. I’m Aqua. That’s right, the goddess revered by the Axis Sect, Aqua. Mind your manners, lich!
Eek!
Hey Wiz, I know that undead and goddesses are akin to oil and water, but you don’t need to fear her that much.
No, I don’t mean it that way… I heard that the Axis cultists have mental problems, so it’s best not to get involved with them–that’s part of the common sense of the world. And she said she was the goddess of that cult, so I…
Sor-Sorry!
… Sigh, the topic isn’t progressing at all…
Speaking of which, I heard recently that Kazuma-san’s party defeated Beldia-san.  That Beldia-san was a powerful swordsman among the Demon King’s Generals, you know? You guys are amazing.
‘That Beldia-san’? It sounds as if you were acquainted. Did you know each other because you’re both undead?
Ah, I didn’t make this clear before, I’m also a General of the Demon King’s army.
Catch her!
Wait! Aqua-sama, please let me explain!
This is great, Kazuma! We can clear our debts now! Not just that, we’ll become rich! Nevermind renting a place, we could even buy a mansion!
Hey Aqua, let’s hear her out… Um, what does being a General mean? If you are a spy of the Demon King, as adventurers, we can’t let you off…
That’s not it! I was asked by the Demon King-san to maintain the barrier to the Demon King’s castle! I’ve never harmed anyone before. You won’t get any rewards for defeating me!
… I don’t know what you’re saying, but we should play it safe and destroy you.
Wait a moment, Aqua-sama!
Eh, what do you mean? Is it like the cliché in video games, where the main character opens a path to the Demon King’s castle after defeating all the Generals? And Wiz is the one in charge of maintaining that barrier?
I don’t know what video games are, but that’s it! It was the Demon King who requested this of me. Because I didn’t want to stop running a shop in human territory, the only thing he asked me to do as a General was to maintain the barrier! He said no one would suspect that a General of the Demon King would set up a shop in a human town, so the barrier would be safe!
Which means humans can’t attack the Demon King’s castle if you’re alive. This will give us plenty of trouble. Kazuma, let’s do away with her.
Wait, please wait! With Aqua-sama’s power, you could easily break through the barrier created by 2 or 3 Generals! But there are 8 Generals in the Demon King’s army, so there will still be 6 Generals even if you defeat me. Even Aqua-sama can’t break through the barrier of 6 Generals! If you want to attack the Demon King’s castle, you’ll have to defeat the other Generals. I beg you, please don’t kill me before you take out the other Generals…! I have some things I need to take care of…
Eh, I think that should be fine. Even if we defeat Wiz now, the barrier would still be intact,  and the barrier can only be dispelled after all the Generals are defeated. But with Aqua here, we could break through the barrier without taking out all the Generals, right? Then we’ll just need to wait for someone to take out the other Generals other than Wiz.
But, would that really be okay? The Generals of the Demon King are Wiz’s acquaintances, right? Won’t you get angry at us for defeating Beldia?
… Beldia-san and I weren’t on great terms… He rolls his head under my skirt to peek at me whenever I took strolls. There’s only one person who was on good terms with me among the Generals, and that person probably won’t die so easily… Also–
As of now, I have decided to live as a human.
Eh, well then, I’ll display all the skills I have once, take note of anything you want to learn. You let me go the previous time too, so consider this as a sign of my gratitude…
What is it?
I can’t use my skills without a target. Which means… If no one can be my target…
Hey, Aqua, do it.
Ah? A mere undead wants to use her skills on me?
Eh… How about the skill Drain Touch? Ah, I’ll just drain a little health! For Kazuma-san to learn this skill, I just need to drain just a tiny bit to show the effect, and he’ll probably learn it!
It’s fine, no problem. Drain as much as you like, come!
Um, excuse me… Hmm? What’s happening?
Oh, my, is everything okay? Didn’t you want to drain my health and mana? Oh, my, you’re a top-tier undead, but you can’t even use Drain Touch?
What, what’s happening–!?
Ouch! Hey, don’t interrupt me Kazuma! This is a battle between a lich and a goddess! I’m an elite amongst the goddesses, how could I let her drain me so easily?!
Come on, I won’t be able to learn the skill like this, just let her drain a little… Sorry Wiz, this girl keeps on finding trouble with liches because of the nature of her job.
It’s, it’s fine! It’s, it’s because I’m a lich…
Well then, excuse me…
Um, Aqua-sama? It’s fine now, could you release your hand… The hand that you’re grabbing is turning numb, please let go!
Ah, Aqua-sama? Um, my hand is hot… Also, it hurts, it hurts! Aqua-sama, my body is gradually… Being purified and evaporating! I’m disappearing, Aqua-sama! I’ll disappear if this goes on!
What are you trying to do now?
Ouch!
Pardon my intrusion, is Wiz-san here?
Evil spirits?
No matter how we exorcise them, the evil spirits keep coming one after another. Nevermind selling the houses, just clearing the houses of spirits is a pain.
Before Wiz-san set up shop here, she was a powerful mage. Whenever the people in town ran into any difficulty, they would seek Wiz-san for aid. And Wiz-san seemed to be the expert on handling undead monsters. That’s why I’m here asking for her help.
But… Wiz-san seems unwell today. Your face had always been pale, but it’s even more so today. How should I put it, it feels as if you could disappear at any moment…?
No problems, leave it to me. We just need to settle the evil spirits in town, right?
Ah, no! I wasn’t planning on troubling Wiz-san to exorcise all the evil spirits in town… Just that mansion will be enough.
Ah, that mansion. I see…
Leave it to me. I just need to expel the spirits wandering in that mansion, correct?
Ah, ahhh! Wi-Wiz-san! Forget it, if you’re not feeling well, please don’t push yourself!
… This, this quest, please let us take it…
So, this is the mansion.
Not bad! This place is great! This is where someone like me should be staying in!
But can we really exorcise the evil spirits? I heard new spirits would keep coming back no matter how much you clear them.
But it feels like this place has not been occupied for a very long time. Didn’t the disturbance of the spirits only happen recently? Could it be, this mansion already had issues before the spirit problem hit the entire town…?
Yes, but even if this mansion had problems, we’ll be fine. We have Aqua with us, right? No worries, she’s an expert in fighting the undead.
Leave it to me! … Fufu, I can see it, I can see it! With my spiritual eyes, I see the noble, who was fooling around with a maid, and the child that the maid bore, who  was kept here as the illegitimate child of the noble clan! The noble died from illness, and the maid went missing. The young girl left here contracted the same disease as her father, and died without ever seeing the faces of her parents! Her name was Anna Filante Asteroid. The things she liked were her dolls and the stories of adventurers! But please don’t worry, this spirit won’t pull pranks on us. She will not harm us! Ara, she might be a child, but she liked mature things like drinking fine wine. So, prepare some wine as an offering!
… Hey, what do you think? I want to ask why this girl knows such unnecessary settings and names… Is she all right in the head? Or perhaps I judged her too hastily?
Ahhh!? Wahhhhhh!!
What is it!? Hey, Aqua, what happened! Are you okay!?
Boo… Wooo… Ka-Kazumaaahhh!
Well, what happened to you? Say something, why are you hugging a bottle? If you made that sound because you were drunk, I’ll wake you up with Create Water.
That’s not it! I didn’t drink the wine! This was my precious and valuable wine. I was looking forward to enjoying it after my bath! But it was empty when I returned to my room, ahhh!!
I see, good night, see you tomorrow.
Ahhh!? Wait, Kazuma! A spirit! This must be the work of an evil spirit! The wild spirits that congregated here, or the illegitimate child that was bound to this mansion! It must be either of these two! I’ll make my rounds around the mansion and destroy all the spirits I see!
… What happened, what’s with the ruckus?
Is something wrong? It’s getting late, so please behave yourself.
This girl said her wine was taken by evil spirits and wants to exorcise them now. I thought about saying, ‘Why would spirits want to drink spirits’. But there were too many things to pick apart, so I didn’t manage to. I think I’ll sleep now, so I’ll leave the rest to you.
…!
Hyaaa!!
Aqua! Aqua-sama!
Hyaaa!
Wahhh!
Don’t, don’t scare me Megumin, I almost pissed myself!
That, that’s my line! Why did Kazuma come to this room! I thought Aqua was coming back…!
And why were you in Aqua’s room? And where did Aqua go?
Ugh… Eh, there, there was a doll, eh, moving around my room…
And… Well… I wanted to ask Aqua to protect me… I wanted to ask her to take me to the ladies…
… So, you too…?
Kazuma was chased around by dolls too? I think Aqua and Darkness went out to exorcise the spirits.
… Aqua aside, even Darkness… Ah, that girl is a Crusader.
Kazuma, the noise outside the door seems to have stopped. Maybe the dolls aren’t there anymore?
Hey, Megumin, please face the door and cover your ears. Excuse me, but I’m going to relieve myself at the balcony…
Hey, what are you doing? Release me, or my trousers and the carpet in this room will be ruined!
I won’t let you go! How could I let you relieve yourself! Aren’t we comrades?! Whether it’s the toilet or anywhere, we’ll go together…!
Stop that you! Why are picking this moment to talk about being comrades! Didn’t you say that Crimson Demons don’t need to use the washroom?! How about… Look, there’s an empty wine bottle there, just use that!
You said something incredible! What do you want me to use that empty bottle for!? I won’t let you get your way! I can at least guard Kazuma’s back while you pee… That’s why, let’s use the bottle together…
Ahhhhhh!
Sniff… Kazuma, are you there? Don’t leave me, okay?
I’m here, of course I’m here, I won’t leave you even if the doll comes out, so hurry up.
… Um, Kazuma, it’s a bit embarrassing to go to the ladies’ room like this, could you loudly sing a song or something?
Why do I have to do something so embarrassing like sing a song in front of the toilet!? And we’ll run into the same situation if we camp outside or visit a dungeon, what will you do then?!
… Um, you can stop now, Kazuma. That was a weird song, I’ve never heard of that melody before. I’ve always wanted to ask… Where are you from, Kazuma?
I come from a wonderful nation called Japan that has the custom of singing before the toilet in the middle of the night. If you’re done, then come on, let’s link up with Aqua and Darkness.
Hey, what are you planning to chant! Are you planning to blow the whole house away?!
Megumin, charge out after the door is open. I just learned Drain Touch, so I can absorb some mana from the dolls! Even if the dolls attack me, I won’t die from that!
Come at me! If you have the guts then do it, evil spirits! My mad dog goddess will teach you a lesson later, ahhh!
Aqua! Hey Aqua, are you okay!
Yes, no more problems. There were plenty of evil spirits here. I worked until daybreak.
Hmm, I think we should report this to the guild. Although we didn’t take on this quest in the guild, this is a job for adventurers anyway. We might get some unexpected bounty for exorcising all the spirits in this mansion. I also want to know why there are so many spirits turning up in town suddenly.
Speaking of which, where was the illegitimate child you mentioned? Didn’t you say the spirits wouldn’t harm us?
Ahh! That child was present too! Don’t worry, this incident was caused by the wild spirits from other places. I think the one who drank my high-class wine was that illegitimate child of that noble! Hey, Kazuma, could we bill that wine under necessary expenses…
Good morning. It’s a bit early, but I have something to report, is it convenient?
No problem, may I ask what is it?
There are many who are seeking help due to the spread of the evil spirits. Since you’ve successfully repelled the monsters, we should give you some bounty rewards. Thank you for your hard work.
Sorry for taking your time, but we’ve found out why the evil spirits were wandering around; here’s the report. There’s a public cemetery in Axel town, right? I don’t know who played a prank, creating a giant holy barrier on that cemetery. The spirits in the cemetery had nowhere to go, so they had to go to town and haunt houses where no one was living in…
Excuse me for a moment.
Hey, you have some clue, right? Tell me!
… Yes. Didn’t Wiz ask me to periodically visit the cemetery to send the lost spirits to the other world? But going there every now and then is a real hassle, right? So, I thought if I chased all the spirits in the cemetery away and let them wander around, they would dissipate naturally over time…
… We won’t claim the reward from the guild, understood?
… Yes.
After this, we’ll head over to the property estate and apologize, since what we did was just like fraud.
… Yes. I’m very sorry.
Ara ara, I was worried and came to look. I didn’t expect all the evil spirits to be exorcized!
I see… But if it’s possible, could you please stay here from now on? This house is too big, and there are more evil spirits here than other places, so it has a bad reputation…
We’re very sorry!
Ahh, it’s fine it’s fine! Please raise your heads. Well then, it’s settled–all of you will stay here for now. To dispose of so many spirits proves that you are powerful adventurers. Providing support for adventurers is the obligation of the citizens in this town. And if you continue to live here, the bad reputation of the mansion would gradually fade away…
Ahh, enough, stop doing that!
After finishing your adventures, or when eating dinner, you have to chat about your adventures with your companions… That’s a strange condition, but it’s not very hard.
Kazuma-san, morning! Are you cleaning the tomb?
Are you all right? Sorry that idiot gave you so much trouble yesterday.
Don’t worry, or rather, it’s great it has been settled this way. She definitely won’t be lonely now.
Kazuma! Lunch is ready, come quick! If you don’t come over now, your food will get cold!
I know, wait a moment, I’ll be right there!
Kazuma! Megumin says that for every minute you’re late, there’ll be one less piece of fried meat! Take your time, you don’t need to hurry, our lunch will be more bountiful that way.
Wait for me, how could you brutes do that?!
Hey, move away, I’m doing some freelance work now. If it’s cold, go back to your room and hide under your blanket.
I don’t wanna. Things like blankets become cold when you leave it. If you want me to go back into it, then heat it up in a microwave first.
Are you stupid? There’s no such thing as a microwave here! And stop being stubborn, move out of the way! Who do you think landed us into debt in the first place? If you continue to get in my way, don’t blame me if I get rough with you.
What, you want to fight? If we’re both unarmed, I’ll have the advantage with my higher stats. The place before the fireplace is my holy sanctuary, anyone who invades it will receive divine punishment, ahhh!!
Hmph… This is now my territory. If you don’t want to help me with work, be a good girl and play with those two over there.
Hmph, witness the power of my army. I teleport my orc soldier to this space.
Megumin, the way you use your mage is disgusting… I’ll move my Crusader here, check!
Teleport.
Kazuma, look carefully at the level column! Right now, I have the highest level among the four of us. With such a high level, I could be considered a veteran! You rookies who are below level 20 know your place! If you understand, then offer the place before the fireplace to the great me!
… Hey, Aqua. Your level did increase, but your stats are the same as the first time I saw them. Why is that?
How ignorant, Kazuma. Who do you think I am? Things like stats were already at the maximum from the very start. My skill points were bountiful at the beginning, enough to learn all the banquet party tricks and all the skills of an Archpriest. Comparing me to a normal adventurer is a big mistake.
Oh? Why did you give up the place so obediently… Kazuma, why are you crying? Did my level exceeding yours give you such a big shock? Why… Why are you patting my shoulders and treating me so gently? Why are you looking at me with eyes of sympathy?
Keith, Dust, what are you doing here?
Woah!
Wh-What, it’s just Kazuma, don’t scare us like that. Really, I hate people who use Lurk skills like this…
Hi. What’s up? You’re not with those three today?
Nope, it’s just me today, don’t worry. Are you that bad with them? I was just bored at home and decided to take a stroll. What are you guys doing here?
No, it’s… Because we… You understand? Anyway, it’s fine that they’re not here. Or rather, it’s great that there are no ladies around.
Kazuma who’s usually surrounded by beauties doesn’t need such things, but for lonely men like Dust and me…
Hey, wait.
Keith… This guy’s situation isn’t what you imagined. It might look like a harem at first glance, but it’s not like that… He’s in the same state as us and has endured much hardship.
Sigh– there’s nothing to do this season. I’m bored out of my mind. Oh, Kazuma can really drink. Here, another glass!
Sigh… When winter comes, I want to stick close to someone… To be honest, I know how hard it is on Kazuma. But even so, I still envy you this season.
Right, speaking of which, what were the two of you doing there just now?
Kazuma, I think you can be trusted. What I’m about to say is a secret among the male adventurers in this town. Kazuma, can you promise to never reveal this secret to your female party members?
Kazuma, there are succubi operating a shop in this town. You know that they specialize in gifting wonderful dreams to others, right?
Please tell me more.
There’s a group of succubi living in this town. This type of devil specializes in absorbing the irrepressible lust of humans, which is the energy men use to sustain themselves. Hence, male humans are an absolutely necessary existence for them.
That’s why they’ll absorb our energy, but… The male adventurers in this town have a relationship of mutual assistance. Think about it… We’re basically staying in stables. Hence… There are many things that are hard to vent, right? With so many other adventurers sleeping around us, even if you’re in the mood, you can’t do ‘anything’ about it, right?
Yes, you’re right.
But we can’t lay a hand on the female adventurers sleeping near us. If you did that, you would be discovered by the other female adventurers who would gang up on you. Or your target might be hiding a dagger and you would risk getting castrated. Things like that do happen.
Your trauma when you made a move on Lynn has not yet recovered?
Sh-shut up! Like I said… At times like this, the succubo comes to mind. When we’re sleeping, they’ll use the chance to show us a wonderful and exciting dream. We’ll be refreshed and they can sustain themselves. And they know how to hold back and won’t absorb so much that we become unable to continue adventuring. I’ve never heard of any adventurers falling into danger because too much of their energy was taken… How about it? Everybody wins, right?
Actually, I only heard about this shop from others recently. We were planning to visit that shop for the first time today, and then we met Kazuma.
And that’s the story… How about it? Want to go togeth-
Please bring me with you.
Welcome–!
Dear customers, is this your first time visiting us?
… Well then, do you know what kind of shop this is, and who we are?
Please place your orders. It’s fine if you don’t order anything either… And please fill in the necessary information on the survey form and hand it in to the cashier when paying your bill.
May I ask, what’s this part about our own status, gender and appearance in our dream…?
The status part means being, for example, a king or hero in the dream. As for gender and appearance, there are occasionally customers who want to experience how it feels like to be a woman; there are some who want to be a young boy and be forced upon by a strong female adventurer.
… Excuse me, for the setting of the target, how detailed can we be?
It can be as detailed as you wish. Personality, favorite phrases, appearance, how much she likes you, any feature and any figure. It’s fine even if you asked for a fictional character.
Are you serious?
I’m serious.
… Excuse me, but wouldn’t we be violating any copyrights?
No problem, it’s a dream after all.
I thought so.
… That means, there are no age restrictions on the targets? No, I’m not thinking about any specific age group, but, how should I put this…
None, please choose as you please.
Is, is that really okay? What about laws…
No problem, it’s just a dream.
That’s true.
Well then, all three honored customers chose the three-hour session. The fee is 5,000 Eris each.
…To us, we just need enough money to live on in this town as humans. Apart from this, we just need to absorb a little energy from our customers.
Goddess… Ah, goddess…
Don’t, don’t act like that, how inauspicious! Well then, please leave the address you’ll be spending tonight at, and what time you plan to sleep. Around that time, the succubus from our shop will go to the side of the sleeping customers and let them see their desired dreams. Please don’t drink alcohol if possible. If you get dead drunk or sleep too deeply, even we won’t be able to let the customer dream.
Well, let’s meet again.
Yeah, will do!
See you next time!
Kazuma, you’re back! Here’s something you should be happy about; tonight’s dinner is going to be splendid! It’s crab! Darkness’s folks sent someone over, saying that if Darkness was going to stay here from now on, they should send a gift, and that’s the super extravagant Snow Crimson Crab! And a magnificent top-class wine too! They wanted to thank us for taking care of their daughter!
Wahhh… In an impoverished career as adventurers, I never thought there would be a day I would see a Snow Crimson Crab…! I’m glad I joined this party…
Is the crab that great in quality?
Of course! I’ll give you a simple example, if someone told me, ‘If you want to eat this crab, then you are prohibited from using Explosion’, I would endure it, and wait until I eat my fill before using Explosion. That’s how valuable it is!
Oh, that’s impressive… Hmm? What was that last part again?
!
Kazuma Kazuma, use Tinder here. I’ll show you the most delicious way of drinking this top-class wine.
Fuu…
This is great, splendid!
Darkness, I want some too! It’s fine, just for today! I want to drink some wine!
No, they say those who start to drink when young will grow up and become useless adults.
…? Why are you looking at me?
… Are you okay, Kazuma? You’ve never drank before? Or… Does my crab not suit your taste?
No, the crab was delicious, there’s no problem there. It’s just that I had a round with Keith and the guys during the day. And I can’t tell the deliciousness of the wine yet, so I’ll pass today… Tomorrow then! I’ll drink tomorrow!
Oh–? You think there will still be wine left tomorrow? I’ll drink it all! How could I leave any behind! That’s great, I will drink Kazuma’s share too!
… Hmm, all right. Have more crab then; thank you for taking care of me all this while.
All right, it might be early, but I’m retiring to bed. Darkness, thank you for your treat. Good night everyone!
But such scenarios only happen in mangas.
Wahh! Why did the lamp suddenly…?
… Oh well, fortunately, the moon is out tonight, so this is…
Hmm… The moon tonight is really…
… Why…? Why, why…? Why, why, why…!?
…? What’s the matter, Darkness? Come over here and help me wash my back.
?
You, you, you, what are you saying!? No, that, why, why are you so calm, and what do you mean by washing your back!? Too many things are happening, it’s overloading my brain…!
No, now’s not the time to feel moved. I didn’t add the setting of being unwilling, so hurry… No, I did request for a beautiful onee-san with a great figure, a little shy and unworldly. If that’s the case, then she’s acting properly, right?
!
Can’t be helped. I know your settings are to be naive, but please wash my back now.
! Could, could it be… Under such circumstances, me helping you wash your back is common sense?
How refreshing and nice, but please hurry up. It’s hard to restrain myself, in more than one way.
You, you little…! Do you understand the situation? If Aqua and Megumin find out about this, what would they say…?!
If that happens, let’s just all take a bath together.
What’s with you!? What’s wrong with you today!?
Hey, you’re being loud. Do you know what time it is? You’ll disturb the neighbors, you know? There should be a limit to how much common sense you lack.
Why are you bringing up common sense in such a situation!? Am, am I the one who’s wrong? Because I lack knowledge about the world? Do I lack common sense? Am I… Weird?
In a way, you’ve always been weird. No, since this is a dream, being a little noisy is fine… All right, I’ll be troubling you with this.
Ugh… Why, why did it become like this… But, ordering me so haughtily, I can’t resist; I really hate my fetish right now…
You, you little…! You’re acting just like a middle-aged man today! Done, this should be enough. I can go now, right…?
What are you saying. Even with the settings adjusted, you still lack common sense. Don’t you know what to do next? Without using the towel, you…
That’s too weird, too weird! No matter how ignorant I am, I know this is definitely not normal!
Intruder–! Everyone come quick! There’s an intruder in the mansion–!
Kazuma, look! A villain was stopped by my barrier and couldn’t move… Wait, there’s another villain!
Who are you calling a villain…! Wait, what’s this? What’s a succubus doing there?
I’ve set a powerful barrier in this mansion. I rushed over because there was a reaction in the barrier, and found this succubus that was trying to sneak into the place! Succubi will attack men, so she must be here for Kazuma! But don’t worry, I’ll perform an exorcism and dispose of her!
All right then, accept your fate! I’ll use my super skill for killing devils… Kazuma, you’re a guy, so don’t come too close! The succubus might control you…
Wait, wait! Kazuma, what are you doing? She’s a devil, she’s here to suck Kazuma’s energy!
So-Sorry esteemed customer! Please leave me alone, I’m just a monster! I didn’t expect a barrier to be here, but getting to the side of the customers is what we are good at. Things turned out this way because I was too immature and failed to infiltrate. I can’t let the customer embarrass themselves, so let them dispose of me as a random wandering succubus. Customer, you just need to pretend you know nothing at all!
Customer?
… Hey, what are you doing? I’m a goddess, after all. I can’t let that devil get away so easily. Kazuma, get out of my way if you don’t want to get trashed!
Aqua, Kazuma might be bewitched and under the succubus’s control! Kazuma’s has been acting weirdly for awhile! And he was saying something about dreams and settings, so that’s probably it! Damn, that imposturous succubus, letting me taste such… Humiliation…! I’ll kill her!
Kazuma, are you insane? No matter how cute she is, she’s still a devil. She’s a monster. Get a hold of yourself, that’s an enemy we need to defeat.
Looks like I have to fight seriously…! All right, bring it on! I’ll give Kazuma a good beating and send that succubus to meet her maker!
Cu-Customer–!
Bring it on–!
Hey, say something. Or rather, you were also at fault for going along in the heat of the moment.
…! ……
… You really don’t remember what happened last night? You were under the control of the succubus, so you forgot everything, right?
Yes. Regrettably, I can’t remember anything. I only remember having a nice dream.
I-I see. That’s great… Um, it can’t be helped. It was just an accident, so I should forget about it too… But, your attitude was so firm back then… it was a bit scary, but not bad either. But saying strange things to the naive me is wrong.
I should say, you’re not a real gullible daughter from a wealthy family, so you should really learn more about the world. No matter how you look at it, I didn’t do anything wrong this time. I lit the lantern and hung the ‘In Use’ sign. If not for the prank pulled by someone…
… Wait, you actually do remember what happened last night, right? Didn’t you act that way because you were under the control of the succubus?
Destroyer alert! Destroyer alert! The mobile fortress Destroyer is approaching this town! All adventurers please prepare for combat and report to the adventurer’s guild! The citizens in town, please evacuate immediately–!
We need to run! As far away as possible!
There’s no point in panicking now. Since everything including our home will be lost, we might as well challenge the Demon King’s castle directly.
Hey… What’s with the two of you? The guild issued an emergency broadcast, so let’s put on our equipment and head over.
Kazuma, what nonsense are you saying? Don’t tell me you want to fight the Mobile Fortress Destroyer?
Kazuma, the thing that’s approaching the town is renowned for destroying everything except devotees of the Axis Cult. The ultimate bounty target, the Mobile Fortress Destroyer. Taking that thing on would be reckless.
Hey, why are you speaking about my believers in such a way? Wiz said something like that too, why are you so afraid of my children? They’re all good and normal people!
Can’t Megumin’s Explosion take care of that thing? Its name seems to imply that it’s large, so it should be visible from afar. Just blow it away with magic.
It won’t work, the Destroyer has a powerful magic barrier. It’d have no problems blocking a couple of explosion spells.
Hey, my believers are really good kids! Listen to me, Megumin! The disparaging rumors you hear on the streets are spread by those black-hearted Eris devotees! Everyone beautifies Eris too much, but don’t be fooled, there are times when she behaves unruly! She’s even more unreasonable than me when facing devils, and her personality is rather free spirited! She might even go to the mortal realm to play in her free time! Axis Cult! Please support the Axis Cult!
Aqua, you’re not just satisfied with proclaiming yourself to be a goddess, now you’re even bad-mouthing Goddess Eris now. Beware of divine retribution.
It’s not self-proclaimed! Can you just believe me–!
Weird, where did Darkness run off to? She should’ve come back before me.
She charged back into her room.
… Sorry for making you wait! … Hmm? What is it Kazuma, hurry and prepare yourself. Going by your nature, you’ll definitely go to the guild, right?
Hey, you two, learn from her! After living in this mansion and town for so long, don’t you have any attachment to it? Hurry, we’re going to the guild!
… Kazuma, why are you so hot-blooded today? The light shining in your eyes is too bright. And we’ve only lived in this mansion for just one day…
Oh! You’re here, Kazuma! I knew you would come!
I had faith you would be here too.
Thank you everyone for responding to the emergency announcement today! We’ll now start the emergency quest to repel the Destroyer. There are no level or job restrictions, so we hope everyone will take part. When the guild judges the quest to be a failure, we’ll abandon the entire town and escape together. All of you here are the last line of defense for the town. We’re counting on you!
Well then, everyone, we’ll start the emergency war council. Please take a seat!
All right, I’ll brief everyone on the current situation! Um… First, is there anyone who needs me to explain what the Mobile Fortress Destroyer is?
The Mobile Fortress Destroyer is a gigantic golem, built by the magically advanced nation Norse, to fight against the Demon King’s army. Using their national budget and depleting their vaults, they constructed a colossal spider-shaped golem the size of a small castle. Because it utilizes large quantities of magic metals, it’s far lighter than it looks, and can move faster than a horse.
Worth mentioning is its enormous body and attack speed. Even a large-sized monster would be turned into mush if it got stepped on by its eight agile legs. The torso uses the fruit of Norse’s accumulated technology to project a large magic barrier over it at all times. That means magic attacks are pointless.
Spells are ineffective, so we can only attack physically… We’ll be squashed if we get near, so, we can only use ranged attacks like arrows and catapults… But the golem is crafted from magic metals, arrows would just bounce off. As for siege catapults, it would be hard to use them with the speed of the mobile fortress. To guard against aerial attacks from monsters, mid-sized golems are situated on the body of the Destroyer. Those use small ballistae to shoot down objects flying towards the mobile fortress. In addition, combat golems are also garrisoned on top of the torso.
The reason the Mobile Fortress Destroyer went out of control was because the director in charge of developing it occupied the mobile fortress. That researcher is still issuing orders from the heart of the golem till this very day… With its incredible speed and all terrain capability, there are no places on this continent which hasn’t been rampaged by it. As it does not discriminate between men or monsters, the rampaging mobile fortress is known as the Destroyer. Whenever the Destroyer draws near, the official procedure of the guild is to abandon the town, wait for the Destroyer to pass through, and rebuild the town. It’s being treated as a natural catastrophe.
Right now, the Destroyer is towards the northwest of this town, heading straight for us… All right everyone, please give your suggestions!
… Excuse me, what happened to the magically advanced nation Norse? A country capable of creating that thing should be able to build something to fight against it, right? And they might know the weakness of the mobile fortress too…
… Any other suggestions?
To deal with that thing, we should dig a giant trap near the town…
It has been attempted before. A certain place gathered a lot of ‘elemental masters’, summoning the spirits of the earth to dig a big hole, and the Destroyer fell in successfully. Everything was going as planned until this moment… But the Destroyer was highly mobile and jumped right out of the hole. Their plan included throwing down boulders to seal the hole, but they couldn’t execute that in time.
… Any other ideas?
How did the Demon King’s army handle the Destroyer? Is the Demon King’s castle safe from its rampage? How did they protect themselves from the Destroyer’s attack? They should be troubled too.
Their castle has a powerful magic barrier around it; the scale is beyond that of humans. Right now, the Demon King’s castle seems unharmed, so they have no plans on taking down the Destroyer. They aren’t concerned with wild monsters getting trampled.
Any other suggestions?
Hey Kazuma, you’re quick witted, do you have any good ideas?
Hey Aqua. Wiz said that with your power, you could break through even with 2 or 3 generals maintaining the barrier, right? In that case, the Destroyer’s barrier should…… Wahh! What’s this–!?
Right, she did say that. But I never tried it before so there’s no guarantee that I can really break the barrier.
Ahhh! What a pity! Why did you destroy it?!
Why are you shouting? I already finished it, that’s why I’m wiping it away and drawing a new one…
There’s a way to break the barrier?! The Destroyer’s barrier?
No, I just thought it might work, she said there’s no guarantee either.
Anyway, could you please give it a try? If it works, we can attack with magic…! Ah, but low-level spells are useless against that mobile fortress. All the adventurers in this town are novices, our mages are lacking in firepower…
Don’t we have someone with amazing firepower? The one with a screw loose.
That’s right, the one that’s wrong in the head…!
We have that screwy girl…!
Hey, stop. If you’re referring to me, then use my name, all right? If not, I’ll prove right here how wrong my brain is.
Ughh… Even with my explosion spell, I might not be able to finish it off in one shot…
Sorry I’m late…! I’m the owner of the magic item shop, Wiz. Technically, I’m an adventurer, please let me help too…
It’s the shop owner!
The impoverished owner is here!
Shop owner, thank you for taking care of me in my dreams!
The shop owner is here! We’ll win! We’ll definitely win!
Why is Wiz so famous? Why is she so popular? And don’t call her an impoverished owner all right, that’s so pitiful. Is her business really that bad?
Don’t you know? Wiz-san was originally a famous mage. She was a renowned powerful Archwizard, disappearing for some time after retirement before suddenly showing up in this town to set up shop. Wiz-san’s business isn’t good because most of the adventurers in this town are novices who can’t afford the expensive magic items in her shop. She would have better business if her shop was in the capital. We don’t need to fight powerful enemies, so we have no use for pricey potions and magic items. Everyone drops by the shop just to see the beautiful shop owner, but nobody really buys anything.
Hello everyone, I’m the shop owner of Wiz’s Magic Item Shop, please take care of me… I’m the shop owner, please visit my shop. My shop is still in the red…!
Shop owner of Wiz’s Magic Item Shop, it’s been a while! On behalf of all the staff in the guild, I welcome you! This way please!
With the shop owner here, let’s continue our strategy meeting! Since she just arrived, I’ll summarize the current situation… First, the Archpriest Aqua-san will dispel the Destroyer’s barrier. Next the screw… Megumin-san will cast the explosion spell at the Destroyer. That’s the plan so far.
… It would be better to target the legs with the explosion spell. The Destroyer has four legs attached to its body on either side, so Megumin-san and I will take one side each, is that okay? If we take out the legs of the mobile fortress, it’ll be easier to handle…
Well then, the plan is to attack the legs with Explosion after the barrier is dismissed. In the event the legs aren’t destroyed, all the vanguard adventurers, please equip weapons such as war hammers and remain on standby around the path the Destroyer will be taking. Be prepared to attack the legs and take them out. The researcher who made the Destroyer is probably still in the fortress, so he might make a move too. To counter that, the guild has prepared arrows with ropes tied to them for the archers to use. Everyone with light armour, please be ready to invade the fortress!
Hey Darkness. I’m telling you this for your own good, so retreat for now. I know how tough your defense is, but this is still pushing it. It wouldn’t do any good for you to stand here. Just let go of your useless fetish and wait at the side of the road with me, all right?
Kazuma… I’ve always acted this way, so it’s only natural for you to think so… But do you really think I’m a woman who would be lost in my own desires even in such an emergency?
Of course, isn’t that obvious?
… I’m a Crusader. And aside from that, I have other reasons compelling me to protect this town. I might share that reason with you one of these days.
I can’t explain now, but I have an obligation to protect the citizens of this town. The townsfolk might not think so, but I believe it to be so. Hence, no matter how reckless this might be, I won’t take a single step away from this position.
You’re really stubborn sometimes.
… Do you dislike stubborn companions?
A certain Archpriest frustrates me when she’s being stubborn, but the stubbornness you’re showing right now isn’t bad.
… I see.
I couldn’t convince her. To protect that rock headed pervert, we need to complete our assigned tasks.
I-I-I understand…! I-I must do my best! I, I-I-I’ll definitely succeed…!
Hey, calm down. If things turn bad, I’ll strip her of her heavy armour with Steal and drag her away!
Woah, there’s smoke rising out from your head, are you okay? What skill is this? Are you doing party tricks?
No, Aqua-sama… It’s because the weather is very good today, so this is what happens after basking in the sun for too long…
Attention all adventurers, the Mobile Fortress Destroyer is about to appear before us. Citizens, please evacuate the town! Adventurers, please get ready for battle!
What’s with this, it’s too big…
Hey, this is way too much. Will it be okay? This is impossible!
Create Earth Golem!
Big! And fast! It’s scarier than I imagined!
Incoming–! Keep your head down! Don’t move in front of the Destroyer, you’ll get crushed!
Hey Wiz! It’ll work, right? Is it really okay?!
No problem, leave it to me, Aqua-sama. I’m a lich after all, one of the top-tier undead. If Aqua-sama can dispel the barrier, you can leave the rest to me! If we fail… We can return to dust happily together.
Are you kidding me? You’re joking, right?
Hey, relax. Even if it fails, no one will blame you. We just need to abandon the town and run away then, so don’t think too much about this.
Don’t-Don’t-Don’t worry! I-I-I’ll use Explosion to blast-blast-blast it into dust!
It’s coming–! Prepare for battle–!
Aqua! Now! Do it!
Sacred Break Spell!
Wiz, I’m counting on you! Please take out the legs on your side!
Hey, is your love for explosion magic a lie? You keep talking about Explosion this, Explosion that; it would be ugly if you lost to Wiz. Is your Explosion a joke spell that can’t even blow that thing up?
What, what did you say!? What you just said was even worse than making fun of my name!
Explosion–!
Ugh… It’s regrettable… As expected of a lich. Seems my level isn’t high enough to win against Wiz’s explosion magic…
I, I don’t want to lose… Next, next time… I’ll definitely…!
Good girl, you did great. Wiz is a powerful lich, it’s normal that she bested you. Just work harder next time. Look, we accomplished our objective, well done.
Once more…! Another chance! I’ll definitely prove my explosion is the strongest…!
Let, let go, stop that! Don’t pull my pants! I get it, you’re the best in terms of explosion! It must be because of something, that’s right, because your condition wasn’t too good! All right, when you recover your mana, I’ll look at your explosion spell, so rest quietly in a safe place!
We did it! What’s with that, I thought it would be powerful with an incredible name like Mobile Fortress Destroyer, but what a letdown. All right, let’s go back and have a beer! I wonder how much the reward for taking down such a target would be?
You idiot! Why do you like to act in such a clichéd manner!? If you blurt something like that…!
…? Wh, what happened, why is there a tremor?
This machine has stopped operation. This machine has stopped operation. Unable to expend unused energy and vent heat. Operators, please evacuate from the machine. This machine has…
Look at what you’ve done! Why do you always have to drag us down after accomplishing something?!
Wait! Wait okay! This isn’t my fault! I didn’t even do anything this time!
Hey, what’s with that announcement? Would it be bad to continue staying here?
It’s just a guess, but I think it’ll explode if this goes on.
The, the shop… If this goes on, it would be disastrous for the town, the shop will, will disappear…
This machine has stopped operation. This machine has stopped operation. Unable to expend unused energy and vent heat. Operators, please evacuate from the machine. This machine has…
… I want to attack.
… Me too. I remembered the reason why I stayed in this novice town despite being over level 30.
That shop has been taking care of us with its low prices, if we don’t repay them back now, there won’t be a next time!
This machine has stopped operation. This machine has…
Those in favor of infiltrating the Mobile Fortress Destroyer, raise your hands–!
Charge–!
Wahh… Kazuma, I’m a bit afraid of that group of people… From the looks of things, it should be enough to leave everything to them. Let’s go back, all right? We’ll return for now, and work hard from tomorrow onward.
How could we go back now, you moron? Can’t you tell how brave the heroes invading the fortress are!? Your job is just beginning. If you don’t want to be treated like a fake goddess, then heal these brave warriors properly.
Darkness, your armour’s too heavy, I don’t think you can climb up! Megumin, continue to rest! Wiz, please act according to your own judgement! Aqua, this is your fault, so follow me!
Wait! I have nothing to do with this!
Surround those golems! Overwhelm them with numbers and topple them with ropes! Hammer them when they’re down!
Asshole! You’re in there, right!? Open the door or I’ll smash it with my hammer!
Come out now! Get the one in charge out here right now! I’ll teach you a lesson!
A big one’s heading your way–!
Hey Aqua, let me show you something interesting. This should be the best way to use this skill.
Steal!
Kazuma, wait!
… Hya–! My hand! My handdddd–!
Ahhh! Are you all right, Kazuma-san? When facing a monster carrying heavy objects, do not use Steal!
Aqua… It’s fractured right, it must be fractured.
There’s no fracture at all. I’ll heal you up, but don’t let it get into your head and act recklessly, okay?
It’s open–!
Oh, Kazuma, you came at the right time… Look at that.
He has already passed on. He won’t turn into an undead, he had no regrets at all.
No, he should have had some reason to linger in this world. From the look of things, he must’ve died alone…
– O month X day. The higher ups of the country gave me a tough problem, asking me to create a mobile weapon. Impossible. They wouldn’t listen to my protests, and ignored my apologies and requests. I wanted to resign, but they wouldn’t accept my resignation letter. I pretended to be retarded, streaking around in my underwear, but the female researchers simply asked me to take off my underwear too. This nation is going to end.
– O month X day. The deadline for the design is today. What should I do? I couldn’t just submit a blank paper. Why did I start drinking out of desperation and spend all the funds away? As I was feeling frustrated staring at the blank design plans, a spider, something I absolutely hate, showed up on the paper. I screamed shrilly and picked something up to smash it. The spider is now stained onto the design paper… The economy is bad, and high-quality paper like this is expensive; I don’t have the money to compensate for it. Screw it, I’ll just submit this.
– O month X day. That design was unexpectedly well liked. I don’t dare to tell them ‘That was the goo that spurted out when I squashed a spider, why are you touching it?’. And is it fine for the project to carry on like this? What should I do? The only thing I did was kill a spider, and they made me the director. Yahoo!
– O month X day. I didn’t do anything and the weapon is still taking shape. I’m not needed at all, right? Whatever, just do what you want, I just want to live my life leisurely… When they came to ask me about the power source, I couldn’t be bothered. I said from the start that it was impossible, if you want a power source then get me that super rare legendary ore rumored to be able to burn for eternity–the Coronatite, or I rebuked them. That felt great! Bring it to me if you can.
– O month X day. They actually brought it to me. What should I do? They really did it. They’re even placing it in the power reactor, what should I do? What the hell should I do? I only said it because I thought it was impossible, and they actually did it. What if it doesn’t move? What would happen to me? Death penalty? If it doesn’t move, will I be sentenced to death? You have to move, please.
– O month X day. They said the activation test would be tomorrow, but to be honest, I didn’t do anything. The only thing I did was squash a spider. This’ll be the last day I can sit on this chair so leisurely… I start feeling mad when I think about it. Forget it, I’ll just drink. This is my last supper, so I won’t hold back! There wasn’t anyone left in the machine today, so it won’t matter how much I drink or how drunk I get. I’ll start drinking the most expensive wine!
– O month X day. When I woke up, I felt a strong tremor. What’s happening? How much did I drink? I don’t remember anything. No, I don’t remember anything about yesterday at all. The only parts I remember was heading to the central zone and lecturing the Coronatite. No, wait. After that, I said I wanted to test its courage and flicked the lighted cigarette onto the ore…
– O month X day. I finally realized what was happening; I’m doomed. The mobile weapon is running amok right now. What should I do? They would certainly think it was my doing, so I’m probably a wanted criminal right now. They wouldn’t forgive me even if I cried and begged… How irritating… They would probably destroy the mobile weapon, drag me out and execute me. Damn the king and the officials, and that female researcher who smirked after taking off my underwear, they’re all scum! It’s fine for such a country to fall. Enough, I’ll just drink and sleep. Fortunately, the food and wine are plentiful, I’ll think about this after I wake up.
– O month X day. The nation has fallen. Oh no, it has fallen, it’s really gone! The citizens and high officials have all fled. But I destroyed my home country. Oh no, this feels great! I’m satisfied, I have no regrets. All right, I’ve decided. I’ll live out the rest of my life in this machine, I can’t alight or stop it anyway. The one who made this thing must be retarded… Oh wait! The one in charge of creating this thing was me!
… That’s, that’s all.
Are you kidding me!?
This is the Coronatite. So, how do we take this out?
What should we do…? Ah, right, I remember there was a guy with a magic sword, what was his name again…?
Hey, we don’t need to cut the fence open, this’ll work fine. If it’s this close, the fence won’t matter… Steal!
Ahhh! Ka-Kazuma-san!
Hotttttt!
Freeze! Freeze!
Heal! Heal! Hey… Are you an idiot? Kazuma’s usually quick witted, but you’re doing the same thing even after the incident with the golem!? You’re actually stupid, right?!
This is bad, there’s no time; it’s about to blow. What should we do with this thing…?
Hey Aqua, do you have any way to seal this thing? Isn’t it the norm for a goddess to seal the power of evil or something!?
I know what you’re getting at, but that’s just a game trope! Hey Wiz, you have a way to deal with this, right!?
There is a method… But my mana is insufficient. Sorry Kazuma-san, I need your help!
What, what is it?
Can you let me suck a little?
It would be my pleasure.
Thank you! Well then, I’ll start sucking!
Ahhh!
Stop, stop! If you take any more Kazuma will become a mummy!
Now, I can use teleportation spells! But… The problem is where to send this thing to… The places I can teleport include Axel, the capital, and the dungeon. Which one should I choose…
In that case, wouldn’t the dungeon be fine?
But… The dungeon I registered as a teleport marker is a place I’ll visit to collect magical ingredients, the world’s largest dungeon… Right now, that place is a tourist attraction with the dungeon as the main selling point…!
That’s just looking for trouble! Hey, this is bad! The ore is going beyond red and turning white!
Theoretically, there’s another way! There’s a spell called Random Teleport, which sends things to an unspecified place! But we won’t know where it would be sent to. It would be fine if it was sent to the mountains or sea. But if it was sent to a place with a dense population…!
Don’t worry! The world is huge! Compared to a place with lots of people, the chance of it ending up somewhere with nobody around is higher! Don’t worry, I’ll take all the responsibility! I might look this way, but my luck is incredibly good!
Teleport–!
How was it? Where did the Coronatite go? Is it nearby?
Hey Darkness. We already stopped the heart of the Destroyer, it’s over. Ah–I’m dead tired, let’s go back to the mansion, we’ll eat something good tonight.
It’s not over yet. I can smell a strong enemy and the stench of danger… That thing is still a threat!
What’s happening now? What’s going on with that thing?!
Calm, calm, calm down! At such a time, it should be something like this! You have to cut the red wire or white wire, right?!
No, you’re talking about a bomb! We’re discussing why the Destroyer is still moving even though the core has been removed!
What, what should we do!? It’s probably the heat accumulated inside being vented! I can’t teleport something so big! And look at the front of the Destroyer, there’s a crack due to the power of the explosion spell, right? Heat’s escaping from there! If this continues, the heat will spray into the town…
I don’t want to hear this! Kazuma-san–Kazuma-san–! Quick, think of something–!
Ma-Mana! Can someone share some mana with me! If I cast an explosion spell at that crack, it would neutralize the impact!
Hey, Wiz! What are you saying! The other adventurers don’t know you can use Drain Touch! What would you do if they discovered that you’re a lich! As a human, I can let them inspect me even if I use lich skills, but if they found out that Wiz wasn’t a human, it would be the end!
But, I can only stop that explosion by absorbing mana…!
I can use it too. So, I’ll absorb mana from someone else and transfer it to Wiz. It’ll take an additional step, but that’s the only way.
Hey, Darkness, don’t say such stubborn things, let’s escape! As far as we can go! And we’ll start over… Wait, thinking carefully, our debts are being cushioned by the guild in this town, so if this place gets destroyed…!
Hey, the one that proclaims to be a something, get over here.
Hey, what are you doing?! I don’t have time for you Kazuma. Let’s just, hyaaa–!?
You hikiNEET, what are you doing to me during an emergency!?
I’m only doing this because it’s an emergency! Listen carefully! I’ll be transferring your mana to Wiz later, to let her cast Explosion at the Destroyer! That should resolve the crisis!
I don’t wanna! Why must I share my mana with an undead! And Wiz will definitely be purified if large quantities of my holy mana are transferred to her!
Um… When I absorbed just a bit of Aqua-sama’s mana the other time, my physical condition deteriorated…
The main character’s turn.
Are you listening to me? Don’t absorb too much, okay? Don’t absorb too much!
I know, I know, this is the request of the goddess of parties, right? Don’t worry, leave it to me!
No! I’m not joking here!
Kazuma-san, choosing places where the skin is thinner allows for you to absorb and transfer more mana! And the source of mana is the heart. So, the closer it is to the heart, the more efficient it’ll be!
I’m ready, you can start anytime! Two explosions in one day, today is really–wahhh!
What are you doing so suddenly?! Putting your cold hands on my back, I thought my heart was cramping! What is this? Sexual harassment? At a time like this?
No, you idiot! Didn’t you hear what Wiz said? This isn’t sexual harassment, it’s the most efficient way to transfer mana! A place near the heart where the skin is thin, that would be the back! … Ah, wait, hey! Aqua, don’t resist! I have a grand and proper reason of saving this town! You should be thankful I didn’t put my hand in front!
Everyone, there’s no time!
Amazing, this is amazing! Aqua’s mana is super amazing! I can sense that this will be the strongest explosion spell to date!
Megumin, isn’t this enough?! I can feel a lot of my mana has been taken!
Just a bit more! A bit more! Ah, this seems bad…
Hey, what do you mean by bad?! What’ll happen if it exceeds your capacity? You won’t explode, right?!
Other things don’t matter, but I can’t lose to anyone in terms of an explosion spell! I’m ready! My finest spell of destruction!
Explosion–!
Kazuma, it feels weird for me to be the one to say this, but I must thank you for protecting this town… I’m grateful…! One day, I’ll tell you everything about myself, and the reason why I want to protect this town.
To be honest, you looked really cool back then.
Is, is that so…?
But you were also the one who contributed the least.
!
Well, Darkness just stood in front of the town the entire time–I was working hard, you know! I broke the barrier and healed Kazuma! And I shared my mana with Megumin!
As for me, I fired two Explosions in one day, a stellar performance. And the second shot obliterated the Destroyer!
Kazuma was great too! His command was on point. He also defeated a large golem despite some minor mistakes, extracted the Coronatite ore, and provided me with mana…!
Wiz was superb, casting an explosion spell, icing my hand, and even teleporting the Coronatite ore that was about to explode away… The MVP should be Wiz, right?
… So, after acting stubborn and talking about protecting the town, what did you do?
What’s this!? This new feeling…! Wahhh–!
Adventurer Satou Kazuma ! You’re under arrest for the crime of treason! Come with us!
Defendant, Satou Kazuma. In review of your repeated and inhumane actions…
And your actions that obviously disrupt the peace of the town…
The jury concludes that the argument of the prosecutor is adequate.
I find the accused guilty and hereby–
– sentence you to death.
Adventurer Satou Kazuma! You’re under suspicion of committing subversion of the nation! Please come along with us!
Eh… May I ask who you are? Or rather, what does ‘Subversion of the nation’ mean? I just came here to collect my payout.
I’m a prosecutor of the Kingdom, Sena. Subversion of the nation literally means committing an act that undermines the authority of the nation. We suspect that you’re either a terrorist or a minion of the Demon King’s army.
Ehh? Hey, Kazuma, what trouble did you stir up this time? What crimes did you commit while I wasn’t looking! Apologize right now! I’ll apologize together with you, so do it quick!
Are you an idiot! There’s no way I would commit such crimes! In the first place, we spend most of our time together! There’s no way you wouldn’t know if I did anything!
Wait a minute, did you get the wrong person? Kazuma does commit minor infractions like sexual harassment from time-to-time, but he doesn’t have the guts to commit such a major crime.
Are you helping me or looking for a fight?
Yeah, I don’t think this man would commit such a serious crime. If he had the guts, he would do more than ogle at me with creepy eyes when I walk around the house in a skimpy attire. He’s a loser who doesn’t even dare to do a night raid.
Wh-Wh-Who is looking at you!? Aren’t you too self-conscious? Don’t get conceited just because you have a sexy body. I have the right to choose, all right?
After asking me to do all that in the shower, you’re saying this now…?!
I was manipulated by a succubus that time! And you’re the one with the problem, being so docile and scrubbing my back because of the mood! And what do you want now? Are you expecting something? Just how gullible and open are you?
I-I-I know you still have memories about that…! And as a crusader serving the Goddess Eris, my body is still pure! Saying I’m gullible and open? I’ll kill you!
Teleporting the core of the Destroyer, Coronatite, was done at that man’s instruction. And the place the ore was teleported to was the mansion of the Lord.
Really, so that landlord died in the explosion…?
He’s not dead, don’t just kill him off! Coincidentally, the landlord had sent away all the household staff and was in the basement himself, so there were no casualties. But the mansion was destroyed.
So no one died in the fight against the Destroyer? That’s great.
It’s not great! Do you know the situation right now? You sent an explosive device into the mansion of the landlord and blew up the entire mansion! Like I told you, you’re under suspicion of being either a terrorist or a minion of the Demon King’s army. Anyway, I’ll listen to what you have to say back at the station.
Ku, I thought it was something terrible… Kazuma was the most valuable player during the battle against the Destroyer. He might be the one who ordered the teleportation of the Coronatite, but he had no choice in that situation. If not for Kazuma’s wits, people might’ve died when the Coronatite exploded. He should be commended, not prosecuted.
By the way, the charge of subversion could be brought against suspects other than the mastermind. Before the trial ends, I’ll advise everyone to mind your words and actions. If there are people who want to go to jail with him, I won’t mind.
… ‘Don’t worry! The world is huge! Compared to a place with lots of people, the chance of it ending up somewhere with nobody around is higher! Don’t worry, I’ll take all the responsibility! I might look this way, but my luck is incredibly good!’… I remember that was what Kazuma said during that moment…
By the way, I never made it inside the Destroyer. If I was there, I would’ve stopped Kazuma from making that decision. Unfortunately, I wasn’t there, so it can’t be helped. That’s right, how unfortunate.
… Hey, hold it. Aqua, Megumin, you two… Could it be…?
Wait a minute, I’m the mastermind, and the one giving the instructions was me. Please let me join the kinky games in prison… No–I mean if you want to arrest Kazuma, take me in and interrogate me too!
I heard that you only stood in front of the Destroyer and were totally useless, right?
?
Um… the one who cast teleportation was me. If you want to arrest Kazuma-san, then I…
Don’t do it Wiz! If sacrificing one person is enough, this should be for the best! I know you feel bad, but you need to endure this…! That’s right, Kazuma is not leaving us forever. We need to wait patiently for Kazuma to return safely from prison, understand?
Forget it; even if you aren’t with me, I can still rely on the guys in the guild!
Hey, what kind of joke is this?! Put in more effort you guys! At least resist a little!
The first time I met Kazuma-san… That’s right, I saw it that time. At the alley behind the guild, Kazuma-san stripped a female thief of her panties. Yes, his expression back then left a deep scar on me.
That’s right, I always thought Kazuma would get into big trouble one day…
Yeah, me too. I heard a rumor that he locked the priestess in his party inside a cage and used her as bait for crocodiles.
There’s more; I heard that when someone challenged him to a duel, Kazuma stole the challenger’s magic sword and sold it.
Oh, you guys are turning on me now?! I’ll remember your faces, loudmouths! Better watch your back after I prove my innocence…!
I won’t forget this–!
Okay, go in obediently. Until after the trial is over, this will be your room.
Hey, I’m the hero who saved this town, right? Are you for real? Are you really going to lock me inside a cell? Are you serious?
I’ll question you thoroughly tomorrow, just rest here for today.
Hey! Wait!… Hey!… Hey!… Really…?
I want to go back… I had enough, I want to go back to Japan…
Hey, I won’t resist, so be gentle!
Shut up, scum! Faster!
Go in! Really, how many times do you want to come here? This is a prison, not a hotel. There’s someone who went in before you, so get along.
All right, all right, I get it. Sorry for the intrusion… Hey, isn’t that Kazuma? What are you doing here?
Hey, what a coincidence to meet you here! So, what did you do?
Nothing much, they seem to think I’m a terrorist… During the battle with the Destroyer, I gave the order to teleport the core that was about to explode. Turns out, that thing was sent to the landlord’s mansion and blew his house apart.
Wahaha, that’s great, Kazuma! That stinky landlord is detestable anyway! Well done! Wahaha, he had it coming!
Hold it, it wasn’t intentional! I didn’t do it because I had something against the landlord! Or rather… I’m curious. What are you doing here, Dust?
Me? Nothing much. I heard the payout for defeating the Destroyer was coming, so I ate and drank to my content and left tabs everywhere, thinking that I would clear the debts with the payout. I thought the payout would be great, so I took out a loan to gamble. In the end, the payout was smaller than I thought and I couldn’t pay back the money. With no money, I had to sleep in the stables. But it’s cold out this season, so I’d rather come here so I won’t freeze to death and have food to eat. So, I ate at some place without paying, and the debtors couldn’t chase me here too.
… Ka… Kazuma! Hey, Kazuma, wake up!
Hey, Kazuma, can you hear me? Kazuma–
Aqua! What do you want, dammit!
I’m here to save you, of course! Megumin and Darkness are creating a diversion right now to attract the attention of the guards. Megumin probably set off her explosion magic somewhere near town, drawing the police away. Darkness should be fleeing the scene with Megumin who depleted her mana in tow.
Anyway, why are you guys thinking of saving me now? If you wanted to help, you should’ve supported me during the day.
If we did that, we would be spending our time in prison together! We didn’t do this out of fear of what Kazuma would do to us after you get out, definitely not.
But would it be fine to run away like this? Won’t it make matters worse?
What nonsense are you saying? Subversion of the nation is punishable by death. I heard from Darkness that the landlord is a despicable and petty person. For a nobody adventurer like Kazuma, he’ll use his influence to twist the facts and kill you off.
… I’ll break out of prison then, but how am I supposed to get out of here? Saw through the iron bars in the window?
First, use that wire to open the lock of your cell, just like in a manga. You can then use your Lurk skill to escape the police station! After that, return to the mansion and prepare to run away in the night! That’s it then, I’ll wait for you at the front of the police station!
… I’m going back to sleep.
Get up! Come with me. It’s time for your interrogation!
What is it, it’s still early…
It’s almost noon! How do you normally spend your time?!
All right, get in. I’ll listen to what you say, then decide if I’m going to prosecute you. You better think carefully before you speak!
Do you know what this is? This is a magic item that can detect lies, used in court and places like this. This bell is synchronized with the magic caster in this room, and will ring when lies are uttered. Please remember this… Well then, I’ll begin my questioning now.
Satou Kazuma. Age sixteen, working as an adventurer. Your job is also an adventurer… So, state your place of birth and what you were doing before you started adventuring.
I’m from Japan, and I was a student.
… Write this down, falsifying place of birth and job history…
Wait! I didn’t lie!
… I’m from Japan. I spent every day in my house, living a depraved life.
… Why did you lie about being a student?
I didn’t lie… Ugh… Forget it…
I’ve never heard of a place called Japan before… But never mind. Next, state the reason why you wanted to become an adventurer.
To save the citizens that were being terrorized by the Demon King’s army and…
… Because being an adventurer sounded cool. It felt like it would be easy to make big money and become popular with the girls.
…Ve-Very well. Next question. Do you bear any grudge against the landlord? I heard that you had been complaining about your debts.
That’s because the huge payout from successfully taking down the Dullahan wasn’t enough to pay the reparation fees for the damage done to the town; that’s why I landed in debt. It was done to protect the town, but it would be meaningless if the town got destroyed in the process. I’m fine with this outcome.
To be frank, I used words like these to convince my angry comrades. But honestly, for him to treat the heroes who saved the town like this, it makes me want to kill him.
I… I see. Then next…
Excuse me… Can I say something?
Would you like to just get straight to the point? Like ‘Are you working for the Demon King’s army?’, or ‘Did you give that order because you had a grudge against the landlord?’. I’ve said this several times: I only asked someone to perform a random teleport. I wasn’t targeting the landlord, and I never thought that things would’ve turned out this way. I gave that order because I wanted to save the town. I’m telling the truth.
… I seem to have been mistaken. I’ve heard nothing but bad rumors about you, so that’s why… I’m very sorry…
Really, believing rumors without investigating them first? Do you know how to do your job, prosecutor?
Ugh… Sorry, I apologize…
Do you know what my achievements are? I’m not just the one who contributed the most in the subjugation of Demon King’s General Beldia; I was also the one in charge of directing the fight against the Destroyer. My stellar performance broke the Mobile Fortress Destroyer no one else could defeat! And you didn’t even offer a word of thanks, just endless accusations!
I… I apologize, this is because of my job…! I know what Kazuma-san had done for the town, but…
But…? But what? Anyway, now that my suspicions have been cleared, why aren’t you serving me tea? What is it with this police station? Bringing out some Katsudon would be fine too!
Katsudon? Sorry, we don’t have that here… I’ll serve you some tea immediately…
It’s too warm! Doesn’t the prosecutor here know how to brew tea? And with your fierce attitude you probably don’t have a boyfriend, right? Since there’s a magic item here, it’s my turn to ask the questions. Do you have any man you’re close with?
No.
No. Yes, because of my personality, I never had a boyfriend even after living until this age. Are you happy now? I advise you not to go too far.
Sorry.
Anyway, what are the bad rumors you heard about me? Just those that were brought up by the adventurers yesterday?
Um, well… Apart from those, I heard you stripped the panties off a young girl in your party in public; you forced a crusader living in the same house as you to wash your back in the bath; you think your party’s priestess is troublesome and want to abandon her in a dungeon; all these rumors made you a suspicious character–
… Are they just rumors?
Just rumors.
… Those are just problems within your party, so I won’t make any comments. But do you know what people call you in the streets? Kazujerk, Kazutrash–
How… How mean! Who’s the one that gave me that sort of nickname?!
Really. To be safe, I’ll ask you again. You have no relations to anyone in the Demon King’s army, right? You’re not, for example, acquainted with a Demon King’s Army General, or anything like that…
No such thing, do you really think I’m a big sho–
Hey, there’s not enough rice! And give me something with meat on it! Who cooked this?! I want to see the manager–!
Hey Kazuma, cheer up. I can’t count the number of times I was charged in court with all my fingers. You aren’t really an adventurer until you’ve been brought to the police station once. We’ll both be attending court tomorrow, so we should eat something good and have a good rest. I’ll get you some nice food! The cops here don’t like trouble, so they’ll bring things over if you complain a bit.
Kazuma! Hey Kazuma, wake up!
You’re here again. What happened in the end last night? Is everyone fine?
Megumin and Darkness were sure they weren’t seen by anyone on the way back, but they were still made suspects for the explosion incident for some reason. The investigation capability of this world is amazing. But never mind that; I forced them both to wear a hood they hated, so they would definitely not be found out this time.
Let’s leave that for later; I was waiting for you the entire time, why didn’t you escape? I waited until my head was covered in snow; I was even questioned by the police several times, how miserable.
It’s not a lock and key padlock, but a rotating number lock. And I don’t have any lock picking skills at all, so there’s no way I can do that with just a wire.
… They got me this time, I didn’t think their prison was so secure.
It’s just a number lock. More importantly, what are you planning to do? If I don’t break out tonight, I’ll be charged in court tomorrow.
The method yesterday was too roundabout. I prepared two saws today; I’ll throw one of them to your side.
… You want me to saw through the window’s iron bars and escape?
So, you do know. We have until daybreak and there’s no time, so hurry!
… The window is too high from my side, I can’t reach it.
Don’t worry, I’m not stupid. I already knew this might happen, so I prepared a stepping stool. You can saw along with me if you use it. There’s probably not enough time for one-person to saw through it, but it should be fine with both of us working together.
So how do you plan in getting the stepping stool inside? Squeezing it through the gaps between the bars?
… Wait a minute.
No, this is… A necessity for Kazuma, I have to give it to him…
I’ve never heard of anyone sending such a thing into a jail cell. And why are you here at this late hour…?
No need to be so tense. Don’t worry, we’ll stay by your side.
No problem, leave it to me. The Crimson Demons have high intelligence; I’ll make that prosecutor cry through our debate.
Don’t worry; if events develop beyond the point of redemption, I’ll think of a way to help you. You’re not at fault for this incident at all.
Just leave it to me! As a woman of the cloth, my words are very convincing! Just leave everything to me!
Listen carefully Aqua. I’m begging you, please don’t say anything. If you keep quiet obediently for the entire trial, I’ll buy Snow Crimson Crab for you.
What nonsense are you saying? If Kazuma’s sentenced to jail or death, you won’t be able to buy crab for me. Don’t worry, the one most familiar with being an attorney is me. Kazuma likes to play video games, right? Haven’t you heard about people in Japan playing ‘Based Attorney’ and ‘Manganronpa’? I played both before.
Okay, I get it now. Please, don’t say a word.
Order in the court! We’ll now begin the trial for Satou Kazuma for subversion of the nation! The plaintiff is Alexei Barnes Alderp!
Hey, that fat old man kept looking at us. I feel the presence of evil and have the urge to poke his eyes out.
I’m pleading with you not to do that… And isn’t he only staring at Darkness?
He’s been looking at her for a very long time. His eyes are the same as Kazuma’s when he’s looking at Darkness when she walks around the mansion in flimsy attire.
Ughh… hey, you got it wrong. I-I never looked at Darkness with such eyes…
… What’s wrong Darkness? Are you bothered by that old man’s gaze?
… No… I’m fine, it’s not that… I’ll tell you later.
Silence! I’ll have order in the court. Prosecutor, step forth! We have a magic item here, so any lie will be exposed in this court. Remember this when you speak.
I’ll now read out the charges… The accused, Satou Kazuma, took part with other adventurers in the battle against the Mobile Fortress Destroyer when it attacked. He gave the order during the battle to send the Coronatite, which was going to explode, away via teleportation. The Coronatite that was teleported exploded after appearing in the mansion of the plaintiff. The mansion of the plaintiff, Alderp, disappeared. Right now, Lord Alderp is forced to live in an inn within this town.
When transporting monsters, drugs, and dangerous items such as explosives, the use of random teleportation is prohibited. It’s stated clearly in the law, and the instructions given out by the accused clearly contravene this law; also, threatening the life of the landlord could potentially shake the foundation of the nation. Hence, the prosecution requests for the accused to be found guilty of subversion of the state!
Objection!
It’s not time for the defendant to speak. Seek permission before you say anything… Well, this is your first time in court, so I’ll give you a pass this time… The defense may speak.
I just wanted to try saying ‘Objection’, it’s okay.
The defense may only speak when defending the accused!
… Eh, that’s all I have to say. In short, we’re asking for Satou Kazuma to be found guilty of subversion of the nation…
Next, I grant permission for the accused and his defense to speak. You may plead your case!
– And so, the Demon King’s General Beldia and the Destroyer were only defeated thanks to my efforts. It’s strange to accuse me of subversion of the nation with my contribution to the town. In fact, I think that everyone should be complimenting me instead!
Enough… Enough, I understand what the defendant is trying to say. Moving on, prosecutor. Please present the evidence showing why the accused should be found guilty of subversion of the nation.
The prosecution will present the evidence, proving the accused is a terrorist attempting to subvert the authority of the nation, or that he is related to the Demon King’s army. Witness, please take the stand!
Ahahaha… I was summoned…
Which means, the accused used Steal under the watchful eyes of the public to strip you of your panties. Is this true?
Um–it’s true! But it was an accident!
You just need to confirm this is true, thank you for your testimony.
Hmm? Wait! I’m not bothered by that incident anymore…!
Mitsurugi-san. I heard your magic sword was stolen and sold by the accused. And the two ladies were threatened by the accused that he would steal their panties if you tried to get the magic sword back. Is this true?
Yes, you’re right. But that incident was started by me…
That’s right, he threatened us! He said, ‘I’m a man who believes in gender equality, who dares to use drop kicks against girls’!
Yeah! He also said, ‘Since you are girls, I might humiliate you in public using my Steal skill’!
This man is the defendant of the next court case. I think the court should be familiar with him. He’s a delinquent that causes trouble and keeps getting sued.
Hey, you jerk, you’re the one who asked for me when I was just waiting for my turn in court. I just got here, so stop speaking ill about me! Are you asking me to massage those big tits of yours?
Dust-san, I heard that you’re rather close with Satou Kazuma-san here. Is this true?
How could there be any doubt. We’re like brothers, and drink together often.
Satou Kazuma-san, are you best friends with this unruly delinquent?
Just an acquaintance.
Hey–! Kazuma!
I… I see, pardon my rudeness. I wanted to bring up the point that your friends are delinquents, that’s why…
It’s fine, it’s a fact that I’m acquainted with him.
Kazuma–! Is our friendship so shallow–?!
That last witness was disappointing, but the other witnesses should suffice to prove that the accused has a flawed personality and bore a grudge against the plaintiff. Based on these facts, it’s very possible that the accused didn’t order a random teleport to be used, but instructed for a normal teleport to transfer the stone to the mansion of the plaintiff, and disguised it as an accident–
That isn’t evidence at all! I admit that Kazuma has a twisted personality, but I can’t accept such a circumstantial charge! Bring out something more concrete! And this trial is too strange! Everything is too forced; don’t you find this weird?
The defendants are to watch their words. Only speak up when granted permission!
You want evidence? Very well, I’ll bring undeniable proof! They’ll show without a doubt that this man is a terrorist determined to destroy the town, or is a minion of the Demon King’s army!
One! The party led by adventurer Satou Kazuma might’ve defeated the general of the Demon King’s army during the fight with Beldia, but extensive damage was done to the town due to the huge amount of water that was conjured–
Two! Setting up a giant barrier in the public cemetery, causing the spirits in the cemetery to wander, creating havoc in town–
Casting an explosion spell in the area outside of town day after day, changing the landscape of the territory. Recently, it could be heard in the wee hours of the night, rousing the citizens from their sleep–
Hey, wait, this is too strange! It’s weird no matter how you think about it! The things you listed out have nothing to do with me! Well, they were troubles caused by the members of my team! But you should bring out evidence that has something to do with me!
And, we have reports of the accused using a skill only available to the undead, Drain Touch. If you’re not related to the Demon King’s army, please explain why you can use Drain Touch–You can’t just ignore this by covering your ears!
Finally, the most damning evidence… During the interrogation inside the police station, I asked if you had any dealings with a member of the Demon King’s army. You answered no back then, and the magic item detected a lie. That’s the best evidence!
– Hold it!
Aqua, tell them! Show them the decisive evidence that proves my innocence!
Huh? There’s no way I have something like that, I just wanted to try saying that.
Remove that person from court!
Sorry! I apologize on behalf of this counsel!
Ahhh… that hurts!
Enough! That guy’s related to the Demon King’s army! He’s their minion! He sent explosives to my mansion! Kill him! Sentence him to death!
No, I’m not related to the Demon King’s army! I’m not a terrorist! I do bear a grudge because he made me shoulder that debt, but I didn’t send the Coronatite over on purpose! Listen carefully, look at the magic item closely! I’m going to say this again! I’m not a minion of the Demon King’s army and I have nothing to do with them!
It’s always like this when we use the magic item to detect lies, the results aren’t clear. The prosecution motioned for the reaction of the magic item to be endorsed as evidence. But from the results right now, I can’t accept it as legitimate evidence. The circumstantial evidence presented so far is too weak. And so, I hereby find the accused, Satou Kazuma, not guilty  from the lack of–
I’ll say this again. That guy’s affiliated with the Demon King’s army, he’s one of their minions. Sentence him to death.
No… No one was hurt for this incident. It should not lead to the death penalty…
… No, you’re right. The death sentence is the most appropriate… Right?
Hey, hey, wait a minute! This is too weird, too weird!
Yeah, what was with that just now! Why did the prosecutor’s argument change?!
I feel an evil presence! Someone among this group is attempting to twist the facts with evil powers!
Powers of evil… So, you are saying someone is using underhanded means to influence this sacred trial?
Yes, that’s correct. My eyes are more accurate than that magic item! Truthfully speaking, I’m a goddess of water with 10 million devotees in this world! Goddess Aqua!
Why–! Wait, I didn’t lie–!
Defendant, please choose your counsels carefully.
My apologies, I’ll reflect on this seriously.
I get it, it must be because I was acting too vainly. The magic item thought I was lying because of the number of devotees! 10 million is exaggerating a bit, I should had said something in the region of 9.8 million.
… Defendant Satou Kazuma. Considering your inhumane actions and your disruption of the peace and order to society…
I find the sentence motioned by the prosecutor to be adequate. The accused is found guilty and–
– Sentenced to death.
This is weird–! No, hold it, wait a minute! What’s with this rushed verdict?! Bring out stronger evidence! There must be something wrong with your head to sentence someone to death so lightly!
Defendant! Watch your behavior!
Kazuma’s right, this is strange. There’s something wrong. That’s right, Kazuma did bear a grudge for having to shoulder the reparation cost of the flood, likes to complain, and hates the landlord, which might lead to trouble one day. But despite all that, he doesn’t have the guts to send the Coronatite over!
Very well, since you want to think of Kazuma as a terrorist, I’ll show you what a real terrorist is like… Hey, what are you doing! Release me!
No–! This is weird! Too weird! My clear eyes can see evil lingering in the air inside this court! Just wait for a moment, I’ll purify the air right now… Ah! I’m not using any suspicious magic, don’t get in my way!
Usage of spells are strictly prohibited within the courts! It might interfere with the lie detection magic device!
Enough, get them both out of here!
Order! Order!… I said order in the court!
– Your Honor, please look at this.
Th-That’s… Y-You’re…
Pardon me, could you suspend the trial for me? I don’t mean to get the prosecutor to throw the case out. I just need time to prove that this man is not a minion of the Demon King’s army, and is innocent. At the same time, I’ll ask him to compensate the landlord for the mansion.
This… But, even if you request for this…!
Alderp. As the victim in all this, you could count this as me owing you a favor. If it’s within my means, I can do anything for you. I’m not asking you to withdraw the charges, I just hope you can wait a while longer.
Anything?! An… Anything…!
That’s right, anything.
All right; since you’re the one requesting, I’ll grant this man more time.
What was that just now? Or rather, you know that old man Alderp?
… You could say that. Ever since I was young, he had an obsession towards me. Ever since his wife passed on, he asked for my hand in marriage several times. But my father rejected him due to our age difference.
Are… Are you all right? Will it be fine to promise doing anything for that kind of old man? From the way he was checking you out, he’ll probably ask for something horrible.
… Something, something horrible…
You… Return my sympathy to me…
I understand what Kazuma’s thinking! You got into all this trouble because of that undead. You’re planning to rob her shop to pay off the debts, right?
Get out here undead monster! I’ll send you to the other world!
Wh-What? Robbers? The mafia?… Eck–! It’s… It’s Aqua-sama!
I see… First, congratulations on being released! I’m terribly sorry, Kazuma-san. It was all because I teleported that stone…
That’s right, if you understand then, ugh…!
Don’t worry about it. If Wiz wasn’t there back then, we wouldn’t have made through it unscathed. It blew the landlord’s mansion up, but no one was hurt. I just need to prove to Sena that I’m not a minion of the Demon King’s army to be cleared of any suspicion. But the next problem would be raising the funds to rebuild the landlord’s mansion.
I see, you managed to buy some time. But as for money… I really want to help you, but my shop’s losing money, so I don’t have much cash on hand… I had a friend back from my days with the Demon King’s army. He was great in making money, but was an unfathomable person; I could never understand what he was thinking… It would be great if there’s anything else I can help you with…
No, I’m here because you can help me with something.
That’s right, the thing we need your help with is for you to move on from this world!
It’s not easy to make a living with adventuring as a career. Hence, I must rely on doing business… And the only one I could rely on at such short notice is Wiz.
In other words, Kazuma’s saying that we’ll be taking over this shop, so hurry up and give us the deed… That hurts!
If it’s something like this, then there’s definitely no problem. I would very much like more variety with merchandize. My shop’s not that popular anyway… And if you’re making reparations for the landlord’s mansion, I’m related to it too… I don’t know what you plan to sell, but I’m looking forward to it, Kazuma-san.
…? What is it? If there’s something bothering you, do tell me. I don’t plan to force this upon you, so if there’s something you’re worried about…
No, I’m not worried about that! Um… It’s great for me if Kazuma-san is willing to place his merchandize in my shop. It’s unrelated to that; it’s about Aqua-sama…
…? What’s wrong with this girl? Oh… If I put my wares here, Aqua might come over from time to time and cause you trouble, huh? If you’re afraid of that girl, I’ll ask her to avoid coming here.
… No, that’s not it… It’s fine for Aqua-sama to visit… But she’ll talk to the customers when she’s here, saying that the merchandize here is made using unspeakable methods by the shop lady, and it’s better not to buy them…
Hey, what’s that all about?
It’s… It’s fine! It’s all in the past now! The amazing thing is, things like holy water inside my shop were wildly popular with the male adventurers, so it’s fine…
More importantly… Aqua-sama touches all the merchandize in my shop, causing all cursed and necromancy items to be purified, making many of the items unusable…
What were you thinking, you damn goddess!
I’m sorry Wiz! I’ll take responsibility and compensate your damaged goods with her money! You jerk, don’t resist and apologize properly!
Wait Kazuma! I don’t wanna! And the water being purified after getting in contact with me is because of my holy aura, it can’t be helped! It’s just like plants photosynthesizing when the sun shines on them, it’s automatic! I really can’t control that!
Please, please, raise your head! It’s fine, it’s all in the past now! I just hope she won’t try to purify the goods from now on. I have troubled Aqua-sama a lot too, like asking her to send the lost souls in the cemetery to the other world and exorcise that mansion…!
Hey–Kazuma–Where’s Darkness–? Isn’t she back yet?
… Ahhhhhh–!
Hya–what’s the matter? Hey, what’s wrong with you, why are you screaming while hugging your head! Kazuma, you’re already strange, but you’re acting especially weirdly today!
Meow–
… You want to keep this thing in the mansion?
… Yes. This is a good child, and would not cause trouble for anyone… Is it fine?
It should be fine, I guess? I don’t think anyone living here is allergic to cats… Oh, what’s with this guy, she’s good with people.
That hurts! Why’s this cat only clawing at me? What’s going on, be it the black fur or that arrogant attitude… I can feel an evil aura from the body of this cat!
Hey, Megumin. What’s the name of this evil beast?
Chomusuke.
… What did you say the cat’s name is again?
It’s Chomusuke.
Hey, Megumin. That’s a female cat, right? I don’t think that name suits her.
No. Its name is Chomusuke.
… Hey, Aqua, this cat can spit fire.
What kind of silly talk is that? Kazuma, are you all right?
Cats don’t spit fire. Cats are animals that purr and meow.
That’s right. And they like to eat fish and look cute too.
No, this thing just spit fire and grilled the fish before eating it.
… Kazuma, you must be tired.
You were detained in court after all, a lot of things have happened.
It’s true! I’m not crazy!
Anyway, what were you two arguing about just now? If it’s about Darkness, she’s not a kid anymore, it’s fine even if she doesn’t return for a few days. Please calm down.
… You’re too calm. Do you know what the landlord is doing to Darkness right now? It must be something terrible.
He’s a landlord after all, what could someone with such status do to Darkness… Wait, I did hear quite a bit of negative news related to this landlord, but Darkness is an adventurer. I don’t think she’ll just let him have his way with her.
This is why people call you a child! You spent so much time together with Darkness and you still don’t understand that pervert? She’ll definitely end up blushing bright red and saying, ‘Ugh! Even if you have your way with my body, you’ll never have my heart! I will not yield to you!’
!
Wh-Wh-What should we do? Darkness, Darkness is in danger! What should we do, Kazuma?
She left yesterday and it’s already been one night, so it’s too late. Listen up, when Darkness comes back, you have to treat her as gently as usual.
I-I will! Since Darkness has become an adult, we can’t ask her what happened either, right?
Ahwahah…! Darkness… Darkness, she…!
Satou Kazuma! Is Satou Kazuma here–?
Hey, hey, what are you doing here? There’s still some time before the deadline for me to prove my innocence, right? Sorry, I don’t have time for you right now, my comrade…
You say you have no time for me? Don’t bullshit me! So, you really are a minion of the Demon King’s army! You’ve got guts to cause this mess!
Wha… What do you mean by ‘this mess’…?
It’s frogs! The frogs that should be hibernating came out and are moving everywhere outside the town!
Don’t frame us for this. Or are you insinuating that we’re controlling the monsters and woke the hibernating frogs up? Show me the evidence for that!
According to the reports from the guild staff, the frogs seemed to be fearing something when they emerged from the ground… Speaking of fear, it reminded me of someone casting an explosion spell not far from town, terrorizing the citizens.
Wait, let me explain! I only did it because Aqua asked me too! I was the one who did it, but the mastermind’s Aqua!
How sly Megumin! Weren’t you excited when I came to discuss it with you? You even said, ‘Let me show you my power!’.
Now’s not the time to fight so disgracefully! Go and clean up the mess you made!
No–! I had enough–! I don’t want to be eaten by the frogs–!
But to think the frogs are still agile even when it’s this cold outside. They’re moving as fast as usual. Both animals and vegetations are strong around here.
Because of the harsh environment in this world, all living beings try their hardest every single moment. We mustn’t lose to them; we have to become stronger to survive in this dangerous world.
Hold on, I’ll save you.
No, it’s fine for you to take down the frog chasing after Aqua first. It’s cold outside, I prefer the warmth inside the frog’s mouth.
Why you… One of your comrades is being swallowed by a frog while the other is being chased around, how can you remain so calm?
Kazuma–! Hurry–! Hurry up–!
Well then, I’ll save you now Megumin.
Hey, Kazuma, were you waiting for me to be eaten just now? Hey, you were going to let the frog eat me, right?! And your arrow almost destroyed the charm point on my head!
… Do you always fight in such a dangerous manner? Are… Are these bunch of people really related to the Demon King’s army…?
Wait, there’s frogs…!
… Ah.
Aqua, we’ll split up! I’ll pull away and try to dispose of one, you continue luring them!
I don’t wanna–! I don’t want to be chased by frogs anymore–! You be the bait–!
Your attack power isn’t enough to defeat frogs, stupid! If we can take one down, there’ll just be two left! We can stop them with you and Sena!
Ehh? I-I’m just here to inspect, I shouldn’t take part in the fight…! And are you planning to use a normal person like me as bait?
Excuse me, I’m being gradually swallowed, you can save me anytime now.
Light of Saber–!
Energy Ignition!
That was Advanced Magic just now…! There’s someone who could use Advanced Magic in this town…?
I don’t know who you are, but thank you for saving us.
I-I wasn’t planning to save you. It’s just that having my rival be eaten by a mere frog would leave a bad taste in my mouth, that’s all…
What? You and Megumin know each other?
Rather than know each other, we’re more like rivals… – Long time no see, Megumin! As promised, I’ve returned after completing my training! As you can see, I can use Advanced Magic freely now! All right, it’s time to fulfill the promise I made! I’ll settle our long-time rivalry today!
…? Who are you?
Eh?
It’s… It’s me! You remember, right? We were classmates at the Crimson Demon Academy! Megumin was always the top student, while I was number 2! And I said I would go on a journey to train myself until I could use Advanced Magic…!
… Hey, I can’t ignore that. Did she just say you were the top of your school?
Why are you still saying this? I already told you that I was the best wizard of the Crimson Demons when we first met, didn’t we? Kazuma was just too dumb to realize the truth. But after knowing me for so long, it’s about time for you to believe me, right?
If someone believed what you said after seeing you covered in goo, I would want to see how that person looks like.
Why, why you!
Please, please, wait a minute!
Hey, it’s me Megumin! Did you really forget about me? Try to recall how I was always challenging you in everything at school. You always said I had to place an adequate bet, and would accept if I bet my lunch! And you conned me of my lunch every time!
Hey, I think they’ll take a long time. Can I go back to the guild first? Otherwise, the frogs’ meat will go bad. Can I go get the people from the guild to ferry the frogs back?
… Hmm. Seems like you still have much to talk about. Well then, I’ll take my leave today… Kazuma-san, your adventure today was pathetic, but I won’t throw out the possibility that this was just an act to deceive me… I can’t trust you just yet.
Why did she keep saying she knew you? She seemed to know you very well, so hurry up and remember her, all right?
I don’t know her. And she didn’t even mention her name. Isn’t that suspicious? This must be the scam Kazuma told Aqua that she mustn’t pull, that ‘it’s me it’s me’ scam. You must absolutely not trust her.
Wait, wait–! I-I know, it’s embarrassing to do this in front of others, but I’ll introduce myself!… I’m Yunyun, an Archwizard, wielder of Advanced Magic, and the one who’ll become the chief of the Crimson Demons in the future…!
That’s how it is. She’s Yunyun, the daughter of the village chief of the Crimson Demons. She claimed to be my rival during our school days and will inherit the position of village chief in the future.
Okay. I’m this girl’s adventuring comrade, Kazuma. Nice to meet you, Yunyun.
So, you do remember me!… Hmm, this is strange. Kazuma… san? Um, why didn’t you laugh after hearing my name?
Your name’s a bit strange, but that has nothing to do with your personality, right? There are people in this world with a strange name and a strong presence, but still somehow manages to get the nickname of ‘Explosion girl with a screw loose’.
Is that me? Are you talking about me? That nickname stuck on before I knew it!
… I see, as expected of Megumin, you found a good comrade. You’re my rival indeed.
Anyway, do you want to talk about this at another place? It’s inconvenient to talk while standing here.
It’s all because Megumin pretended not to know me that it became so weird…! Megumin, I’m here to settle things with you! I’m the one who will be the chief of the Crimson Demons! If I don’t defeat you, I can’t possibly take the position of the chief in the future! And most importantly…!
As promised, I learned Advanced Magic. Next, I’ll be defeating you and getting the title of strongest of the Crimson Demons. That way, no one can fault me when I take the position of chief. I won’t let anyone say I depended on my family connections! Come Megumin, let’s duel!
I don’t wanna. It’s freezing outside, and my body temperature is starting to drop.
Hmm–
It’s settled then, let’s go back. I’ll heat the water up, so go wash up first. After your bath, we’ll all have a meal together.
Wait, wait, wait! Hey, why? We haven’t seen each other in so long, so why are you treating me so coldly? Megumin, please duel with me, okay–!
… But I can’t use magic anymore today, my mana’s exhausted. And you were planning to duel with me using magic, right? Kukuku… You underestimate my strength. With just my strength alone, I vaporized eight foolish frogs in one shot. Can you do that, Yunyun?
Yeah, she did vaporize eight frogs with just one spell.
You weren’t in this town so you might not know… But did you hear about these rumors? A boss of the Demon King’s army was tricked by me and lured to this town by my constant explosion spells cast at his castle, and was defeated. The Mobile Fortress Destroyer that claimed to be invulnerable was blown up by explosion magic in this town!
Well, the boss of the Demon King’s army did come to town because Megumin cast explosion magic daily, and the one who dealt the final blow to the Destroyer was definitely Megumin.
E-E-Even so, I still want to duel! I must duel…! No matter how slim my chances are, I’ll keep challenging you!
… You’re really troublesome. How about this, since I can’t use magic anymore today, how about sparring physically? You’re an adventurer now, so competing in an academic test should be unacceptable for you, right? No weapons; we’ll battle until one of us surrenders… Is that fine with you?
… Is that really fine? That Megumin who skipped most of the physical education classes… Could it be…? You want to let me win? That Megumin who kept walking before me during lunch, and rob me of my lunch when I challenged her?
… You really are a good-for-nothing.
… That was a matter of life and death for me. Because of the circumstances in my family, her lunch was my lifeline. If I had taken the initiative and challenged her, wouldn’t that be the same as extortion?
I understand, we’ll spar then… I know what you’ll say next. ‘If you want to challenge me, you have to place an adequate bet!’ The bet this time is this manatite crystal. It’s a high quality manatite with remarkable purity, an item all mages crave for!
Very well, I’ll accept your challenge! Well then, come at me!
… Hey, Megumin. Hold on… Um, you seem a bit wet and shiny, is that…
That’s right~ It’s goo from the frogs.
Thank you for saving me just now. This slimy thing all over me are fluids secreted from the stomach of the frog… But enough about that, attack me. The moment you come near, I’ll hug you without reservation and wrestle with you.
Me-Megumin? Don’t joke like this. You’re not serious, right? This is just a strategy to diminish my will to fight and trick me to surrender, right? Right? You always did that when we were in school. I-I won’t be fooled anymore!
We’re friends, right? Real friends must go through thick and thin together.
Surrender! I surrender! I’ll give you the mana crystal, so please don’t come over!
Ah, Kazuma, take this. It should fetch a good price. Clear some of the debts with it.
Is that fine? Why not keep it? I don’t know how to use it.
A Manatite crystal is a convenient item that can take the place of mana when casting spells, but it’s just a consumable item. From the purity and size of that crystal, it’s not enough to sustain the massive mana expenditure of explosion spells. That thing is precious for normal wizards, but useless to archwizards like me who cast magic on a grand scale.
… Isn’t that a good thing? Hey, I’ll say it again, but do you have any intention of learning spells other than Explosion…
I don’t intend to.
I thought so.
… What is it? Why are you sighing… Aside from powerful magic abilities, the Crimson Demons also have high intelligence, so I can tell what Kazuma’s thinking about.
… I was thinking that compared to that girl, Megumin’s much prettier.
Thank you for your compliment! As thanks, I’ll give you a tight hug!
Stop, stahp! Don’t come near me, you still stink like a frog!
Ugh… It stinks…  I never thought a hug from a girl could feel so unpleasant.
You should be happier about it. Some people are willing to pay a lot for a girl covered in goo to hug them.
… What?
The goo’s making me uncomfortable, let me bathe first.
I’m uncomfortable too, and this is your fault. And if I don’t go in first, there’s no way to heat the water up. Our heater needs mana to work, so you can’t use it since your mana’s depleted. The mana I shared with you can only produce lukewarm water. If you understand, wait obediently in front of the fireplace for me to finish.
If I don’t wash away the goo and sit before the fireplace, my robes will stink after they dry. Haven’t you heard of ladies first? Men should take care of ladies.
I’m someone who sincerely wishes for equality for all genders. I hate people who push for chivalry when the situation benefits them, and complain about not being men when they’re at a disadvantage. And you’re not old enough to be a lady anyway.
Ah! You’re treating me like a kid! We’re just three years apart, okay! Ten years later, we’ll be 23 and 26, there’s not much of a difference…
The future’s the future, and the past the past. I’m a man who lives in the present. In my eyes, you’re a child right now, that’s it. All right then– I’ll be the first one to bathe!
You’re really stripping!
I’ll need to charge if you want to continue watching. I will not back down. Never.
… I see. I understand, Kazuma doesn’t see me as a woman right now. Then how about bathing together. Since you don’t see me as a woman, there should be no problem, right?
You’re right, there won’t be any problem if we bathe together. I’ll go on ahead.
Eh?
Ex-Excuse me, shouldn’t the next development be you saying something shyly like, ‘Id-Idiot, it would be nice if we could do that’, and then let me go first unwillingly, right?
Why do I have to follow such a cliché script? Let me tell you first, I won’t follow such cliche developments. Let me give you an example. Let’s say Megumin falls for me, and some other girl starts flirting with me and Megumin became jealous. If you use unreasonably violence on me, I won’t hesitate in fighting back. I’ll do the right thing when the time comes, you better remember that.
… I underestimated Kazuma. Don’t worry, I’ll never fall for you. And that’s not how you use the phrase ‘Do the right thing at the right time’, but never mind.
Oh? After taunting me about it, you’re not going to bathe together with me? You gutless girl. That’s why I see you as a kid.
You say I have no guts? How dare you, it’s just bathing together; you think I’m scared?! Stop covering with your towel and hurry up!
Hey, you jerk, let go, don’t pull my towel you pervert! Why are you so open about this! Did that girl Yunyun ever tell you that you’re like a boy? You are too carefree about this, watch yourself!
The water isn’t warm enough. Pump more mana in, more mana! Come here, hurry up!
Fu…
Fu… It’s nice to bathe leisurely during the day… I think I can fall asleep here…
By the way, are you going to ignore that girl Yunyun? Hasn’t it been a long time since both of you met?
We’ll meet again soon enough anyway. That girl claiming to be my rival loves to chase after me.
The name Yunyun might be a bit off, but she looks cute. For an acquaintance of yours, she seemed to have good manners and common sense.
Are you insinuating that I lack common sense? And she’s my age, why aren’t you treating her like a child?
… Hey, tell me what you’re thinking while you’re looking at my body.
… I’m thinking that the speed of growth is different for everyone… Hey, stop that, don’t chant Explosion! I know you’ve exhausted your mana, but this isn’t good for my heart!
But that means she’s just thirteen years old. My strike zone’s two years younger than me, so thirteen’s out. If she were fourteen, that would make us middle-two and high-one, which is borderline acceptable for me.
Middle-two and high-one?… I’m not sure what you mean, but I’ll be fourteen next month. You won’t treat me like a kid after that?
… Huh, are you serious? Your birthday’s next month? Eh, fourteen? You’re graduating from being a loli character?
Who’s a loli character? I don’t recall making such a character! And… what’s with you? Why are you suddenly acting strange…?
We-Well, I suddenly think this situation’s a bit embarrassing.
Hey, don’t say that, that’ll make me feel embarrassed too! What is wrong with you? Is one year that much of a difference? And can you stop shyly stealing glances at me?
… Hey, why am I bathing together with Megumin? Thinking about it, isn’t this situation bad?
Why are you saying this now? Don’t suddenly come to your senses!
Not that, I mean if someone were to see us like this, we can’t just laugh it off, right? There should be a law or rules governing this. Especially a girl that can’t read the mood will tend to…
I’m home–!
It’s all your fault Kazuma! You were the one who triggered this flag!
Now’s not the time to say this! Anyway, one of us needs to get out now!
Why are you getting out together with me? The towel’s soaked, I already saw a lot of you, and you saw a lot of me!
You’re one to talk! I’ll get out first, you stay in there! Did you lock the door? Did you lock the door into the changing room?
No, no I didn’t lock it! Aqua will certainly come here at a time like this! What should we do? Think of something quick!
Kazuma–! Megumin–? I’m home–! Will someone welcome me back?! I sold the frog and brought the money back–!
Kazuma–!… What, so you’re bathing?
Freeze–!
Kazuma–I left both of your share of the money on the table in the living room! Let’s grab a bite after you finish your bath!
Are… Are you okay, Kazuma? Did you deplete your mana? I should say that was a close one. If things were to have escalated…
… I would be labeled a lolicon. Too close… Ah, Megumin, sorry to trouble you, but can you help me wipe my body? I’m completely out of mana and can’t move. I’ll catch a cold if I lie down here.
… Hey, why will you be labeled a lolicon if you bathe with me, explain clearly. You have guts to say such things when you can’t move.
Hey, stop it asshole! Why are you grabbing my towel! You want to be labeled a pervert?! Hey…! A-Aqua–! Aqua–! There’s a loli molesting me–!
… The two of them are out early.
– Strange monsters are appearing near town, they aren’t strong, but…
Right, I heard about that too. That thing has a weird shape, and will grab onto anything that moves and detonate, right?
…? Ah! Um, hello, Kazuma-san…!
Here, you want this right?
Thank… Thank you…
Customer, you can’t do that. Can’t you read the sign? No archers and Snipe ability users allowed. You can keep the prize, but you have to pay me three times the fees.
Well then, I’m still looking for my party mates, see you.
Hmm? Ah, um…
Um… Thank you, thank you for getting Winter Shogun for me!
All right, next challenger–! Is there no one else–?
All right! I’m next!
Warrgghhh!
Damn, this still isn’t enough…
My friend here failed! The prize is now 125,000 Eris! The entrance fee is 10,000 Eris! For every challenger that loses, the prize will increase by 5,000 Eris! Is there anyone else who is confident in your arm strength? Magic is fine too! This is Adamantite, if you can break this thing, you’ll be known as a top-class adventurer! Come, isn’t there anyone else who wants to test their might?
… We meet again, Yunyun.
Ah! Thank you for your help just now Kazuma-san! Look at that! Everyone’s taking up the challenge of smashing the Adamantite!
Yunyun can use Advanced Magic, right? Want to give it a try? The owner said spells are permitted.
I can’t break Adamantite with my powers… That requires powerful Detonation magic. Leaving the destructive explosion spell aside, detonation magic should be fine. But using explosion magic is the safest bet…
Is Adamantite too difficult for the people in this town? I came here because I heard this town took down the Mobile Fortress Destroyer! Is there no one who can break this stone? Come on, come on! Is there no other challenger?
– The main character’s turn.
Hey, I’m just an innocent girl, treating me like this is too much.
Hey old man, stop doing your business here! This girl noticed you! She’s an infamous explosion maniac in town. Your business is too stimulating for her!
Ahhh! I can break it! I can definitely break that stone with my explosion spell!
Run! Hurry up, old man!
Eek–!
… Really, Aqua is more than enough trouble without you joining in. Anyway, you’re not together with her?
Nope, she wanted to go somewhere else so we split up. The payout from defeating the Destroyer gave the town an economic boost, so all sorts of people are getting drawn here. There was someone performing in the streets for money from tips, but he was driven to tears after Aqua started doing far more impressive free performances next to him.
Let’s walk together since we ran into each other. There’s someone over there who’s doing something like the guy that ran off. I want to loiter around him to scare him.
I thought you were a girl with common sense, aside from your explosion-maniac personality.
Ah…
… Want to come along with us?
I-I came to this town to defeat Megumin! I’m not here to build a friendship with her! I’m grateful for the shooting game just now, thank you very much! But… I can’t come along with you two!
Since she doesn’t want to, let’s go Kazuma.
Oh, right….
… Sigh…
… Um, why are the two of you following me?
I was thinking that I’ll be able to see your lonely and sulking face if I follow behind you who’s alone like usual
Among the Crimson Demons, Yunyun was well known for being a weirdo that was ashamed of her own name. In school, she spent most of her time eating alone. If I loitered around Yunyun who was eating alone, she would happily challenge me, worked every time…
Wait! It’s, it’s not that bad… It shouldn’t be… Right…? Fine, it’s true. I challenged you every day, but I’m not lonely at all. I have friends too.
I can’t just ignore what you just said… Yunyun, you have friends…?
Why… Why are you reacting like this? I have friends too, all right! Megumin should know too. Like Dodonko and Funifura, they say we’re friends, I even invited them to lunch before…
And so, what shall we compete in today? I can only use explosion magic, so I don’t really want to fight with spells.
… That’s right. You should learn some other spells too. You should’ve saved quite a bit of skill points by now.
I did. I used all of them for explosion power raise and speed chanting…
Idiot! Why are you so obsessed with explosion magic?
But that’s really troubling… What should we duel in…?
Anything’s fine, I’m not a kid that’s bothered by winning or losing anymore.
Not a kid anymore? I remember when we competed in our degree of growth before. Since you say you’re not a kid anymore, want to try that again?
No, I mean I’m not a kid anymore in another way. My relationship with Kazuma has progressed so far that we’ve even bathed together before.
!
Hey! Shut it, don’t tell others about that!
?!
… It’s, it’s my loss today–!
I won today too.
You, you… Is this really fine…?
Ara, you’re back. Hey, look, look. There was a guy busking in the streets, he said he didn’t need it anymore and gave it to me. He seemed to be planning to inherit the farm in his hometown. I don’t understand why, but that’s lucky!
Darkness is still not back… She should be coming back tonight, right?
Hey Aqua, don’t make me waste my breath, just give up that seat. Since Darkness isn’t back, we won’t be doing quests today either. I need to design the merchandise to be displayed in Wiz’s shop, so get out of my way.
Why are you so irritable? You’re too hysterical lately. You don’t need to act this way just because Darkness isn’t back yet. Enough about that… I heard that girl Yunyun said something to Megumin. You must pay the adequate price for everything. If you want me to give this warm place to you, you must give me something that satisfies me. Let me think, specifically speaking…
… If thou wish for the place where the goddess resides… Offer high-class wine to me. Warm light will then shine a path for the lost NEET.
Hey, fallen goddess, if you have the time to ask for wine this early in the morning, you should think of a way to make money. Really, why do I have to work so hard? I’ll work on the debts from blowing up the mansion of the landlord, and you take care of the reparations for the flood. If you feel any guilt at all, then move aside.
Hey, stop giving me weird names, okay? Useless goddess, fallen goddess or whatever. If you keep addressing me as a fallen goddess, you’ll suffer divine retribution! Like this incident with the landlord, it might be your punishment for not taking care of me, the goddess. Kazuma, if you feel bad about the way you’re treating me, then say ‘Sorry, beautiful Aqua-sama’, and offer high-class wine to me. Go buy some, quick…
Steal.
… What are you doing, you thief! What you are doing is a crime! If I send you to the station, the delayed court date will be cancelled. Hee–Kazuma’s a criminal–! Are you planning to buy wine with my money? What I meant was for you to use your own money…
Steal.
… What are you doing, I’ll feel cold. Return my sock to me, pervert. If you don’t return it to me, I’ll tell the police that a pervert was panting excitedly after stealing my sock. If you understand…
Steal.
Hey, hey, Kazuma. This kind of prank isn’t funny. I also went a bit too far, and I’ll reflect on that. How about we both apologize and make up?
Steal.
… I’ll raise a large sum of money now. Didn’t you say your hagoromo’s a holy relic? Let me borrow it, I’ll sell it for you. If you don’t want me to take it by force, go to another room and take it off yourself… But you’ll probably say no, so I’ll just strip it away right here.
What are you talking about? This hagoromo is proof of my godhood, how could you sell it? This kind of joke isn’t funny…
Steal.
Ahhh Kazuma-sama, ahhh! I was wrong, it’s my fault, don’t, stop–!
Woo… Sniff… Boohoo… Wahhh…
Damn it, why’s your luck so strong during a time like this… Or rather, what are you doing with all this junk…
Why are you so noisy this early in the morning? What’s happening?
Hick… Kazuma, he… To pay back the debts… He says he’ll sell it… and strip me forcefully…
Hey, shut it, don’t say stuff that’ll create misunderstandings! Yes, it’s my bad. I apologize, and don’t look at me like that, Megumin! I only wanted to sell her equipment away!
Bad news, this is bad! Kazuma, bad news!
… Who are you?
Huh…? Eh…! Kazuma! Now’s not the time to joke around! Can we play this game next time instead?
What, you’re Darkness? You made us worry so much, you’re finally willing to come back!
Wahhh! Darkness, Kazuma he–! Kazuma, he wants to strip me and sell my precious thing away…!
Hey! Putting it that way can easily cause misunderstandings, so shut it!
Welcome back Darkness. You don’t need to explain what happened. Here, go take a nice long bath to soothe your body and soul.
…? Bath? What are you saying Megumin? Anyway, I’m more interested in the special play Aqua mentioned…
Are you still dreaming? Stop it with the dream talk; just rest for today. It’s great that you’re back. Listen to me, go take a warm bath and cry your heart out.
What are you talking about? Why do I have to cry? And what’s with the bath… What is it, Aqua? Why are you pulling on my skirt?
… This is definitely high-quality material. This must be the bonus reward the landlord gave you.
Darkness… You worked so hard… To save me, it must’ve been hard on you…
Stupid! What exactly did you think happened? The landlord didn’t do anything weird to me, this dress is mine! Why? You think I didn’t return earlier because I was being abused by the landlord?
What else could it be? We were thinking how terribly they were treating you… But if this wasn’t given to you by the landlord, then what’s with this expensive dress? You say this belongs to you, is it for a noble lady cosplay? Are you researching a type of play?
No! This… This isn’t cosplay! Sorry for making you worry, but that landlord didn’t have the guts to request anything rude from me… Forget about that, look at this!
… What is this? Oh, a handsome guy? How unpleasant.
Ahhh! Look at what you’ve done to the marriage interview photo! If you tear it like this, how will I reject the matchmaking now!
Oh, sorry, I was careless! I don’t know why, but my hands moved unconsciously, I couldn’t control it… Wait, what matchmaking?
That’s right! That damn Alexei, using cheap tricks like this! I did promise to do anything, but my father would reject him if it was too offensive. I knew that, that’s why I promised him back then, but…
Wait, slow down and speak clearly. Who’s this handsome guy? And forcing you to marry someone you don’t like is clearly an unreasonable request, right? Also, how’s the landlord related to the handsome guy on this photo? Darkness, if you don’t want to, why not just ask your father to reject this? I’ll try to fix this photo. Aqua, could you get some rice for me?
Okay–
The one on the photo is Alexei’s son. That damn Alexei, he probably knew if he was the one to propose, he would be rejected. But the only good point my father saw in Alexei was his son. How should I put this…? The one most enthusiastic about the marriage is my father. But I don’t understand why Alexei wants his son to marry me…
While Darkness was away, we’ve been brainstorming about ways to earn more money. These are convenient tools Kazuma thought of. He’s planning on selling them in Wiz’s shop.
Oh? Well, Kazuma has high luck stats. He might be better suited as a merchant.
Speaking about my luck, I’m really doubtful about that. If my luck was so great, I would’ve been able to meet comrades that are more useful. I wouldn’t get into debts, get entangled in troubling incidents, and live a wonderful life.
I-I’m troubled by the matchmaking because I spoke up for Kazuma! No, I’m not asking you to repay me or anything! We’re comrades after all; the most important thing is to help each other! I’ve troubled you much, so it’s only natural for me to help you!
I’ll leave clearing Kazuma’s name as a suspect to them and clean the toilet! I don’t think it’s dirty, but I’m concerned with the toilet! Kitchen and baths, leave places that use water to me!
What… What should I do? I went back these few days to stop the progression of the matchmaking session… I’m here because of that… The matchmaking will be this afternoon. There’s no time left. Pardon me, but is there anyone who’s willing to return with me to convince my father?
… In short, Darkness’s father wants her to give up the dangerous job of adventurer, so he sends her to matchmaking sessions whenever he has the chance. But Darkness doesn’t plan on marrying yet and rejected all previous attempts.
… Yes, you’re right. To be frank, I’m very satisfied with my current life. If I continue my career, an evil mage or a minion of the Demon King’s army might target me. I’ll resist until the very end, but still get captured by them in a miserable state. It’ll be terrible. I’ll be tied up in locks and chains, my clothes will be all tattered…! Ugh…! Stop… Stop…!
I think you should retire and get married soon.
I see, the previous matchmaking sessions were by the request of Darkness’s father, where you can reject. But this matchmaking session was raised by the landlord, and you’ve already promised him to do him one favor. Darkness’s father is eager and the landlord’s also eager, so you can’t reject it under such circumstances. But the landlord wants you by hook or by crook, so why’s he so obsessed with Darkness? I don’t get why he wants you as a daughter-in-law either. With his status as landlord, if he really wanted to, he could force Darkness to be his concubine.
… My, my real name’s Dustiness ford Lalatina. I’m a daughter of a rather esteemed noble clan…
Ehhh!
Dustiness…! That’s not just rather esteemed, it’s a super powerful nobility clan! The top adviser in this nation, that Dustiness? In this town?
… Yes.
What! So, if I become a child of the Dustiness family, I can slack around all day and live an extravagant life?
Yes… But, our family’s not looking to adopt…
Darkness, you…! You’re always saying things like ‘Yeah’, ‘Sure’, and acting like a proper knight! But your real name is Lalatina! It’s so cute!
Don’t, don’t call me Lalatina…!
Well… This might be surprising, but Darkness is Darkness. For me, Darkness is a tough Crusader; an important comrade. That’s all.
… Yes, please take care of me from now on too…
… Hey, hey, I have something shocking to tell you, okay? Well, I’ve said this before but you didn’t believe me… Actually, I’m a goddess!
Wow, that’s great!
Why don’t you believe me–!
We have to bring this photo back and convince Darkness’s father. Here, look at this. How is it? Isn’t the repair perfect?
Sigh… I must come up with a reason and return this photo to the other party. I’ll then apologize using this excuse and try to convince my father… That’s why, I hope someone can accompany me to do this…
That’s it–!
Ahhh!
I have to meet Yunyun, so I’m going now. I have an ominous feeling about what Kazuma’s thinking about, will it be fine?… I’m leaving Darkness in your hands, all right?
Ugh… I worked so hard to repair it…
Calm… Calm down. This is for the best in the future.
… How?
That… That’s it, Kazuma! Let’s use this plan! If this works, I won’t need to go home and beat down my father every time he arranges a session.
I get it, this is a great plan! I thought you would’ve said ‘If one of the problem children marries off, I can find a new member and relax, yahoo–!’ or something like that!
No… No way! How could I bear letting such an excellent Crusader like Darkness leave?… Don’t do that, don’t look at me with such eyes, I’m half serious about this, all right…
Is this true? Are you really fine with this, Lalatina? Are you willing to seriously consider this matchmaking session?
It’s true, dear father. Lalatina wants to try it.
Hey, hey, Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san, she said ‘Dear father’.
Are… Are you stupid, Lalatina’s funnier, she called herself ‘Lalatina’.
Lalatina, who are these two guests?
These two are my adventuring companions. For this matchmaking session, I wish to employ them as a temporary butler and maid to join me for the event.
Um, about that…
Pleased to meet you. I’m adventurer Satou Kazuma, I’ve been in the care of Lady Lalatina. If the matchmaking’s a success, we probably won’t be able to meet Lady Lalatina because of our difference in status. I know we’re flaunting the rules a little, but for this very last moment, we wish to stay by Lady Lalatina’s side, and see for ourselves if we can entrust our important companion to the groom.
Please wait for a moment. We’ll prepare the attire for our honored guests.
Kazuma, you really like that graffiti, huh?
Hey, how uncultured. This is what you call modern art, those who understand will know how wonderful it is. It must be a work of a master painter.
But in the eyes of me who has learned about painting, that’s just normal graffiti.
Well, being able to paint and the ability to appraise are two different matters. Look at this part. It might look like scribbling at first, but if you…
Sorry for the wait, you… Hey Kazuma, that’s a painting of my father by me when I was young. Father really likes this painting, so he hung it here to show it off to the guests. Don’t stare at it, it makes me feel embarrassed… Hey, what are you doing? Don’t pull my hair!
Kazuma-san, this is the attire for a butler. The size should be just right, please try it on.
It looks good.
Aqua, you look nice in it. Right now, you look like a top-class minion.
You too Kazuma. You look just like a try-hard apprentice butler. It feels just like you’ll be bullied by mean senpais and will end up crying by yourself in a corner.
Ara, what an interesting way of putting it. If we weren’t in the mansion of a grand noble right now, I would’ve given you a piece of my mind… Well then, are you ready, Lady Lalatina?
Don’t… Don’t call me Lady Lalatina! Just addressing me as ‘my lady’ will do if others are around!
The two of you, this way. Listen carefully! You know what to do, right? I’m counting on you!
Oh, that one looks rather…
Is this expensive? How much is this worth?
Hey… Don’t touch the things over here, that’s my father’s expensive urn…
According to my brilliant appraisal, this urn is…
Ah!
… This urn is now a piece of trash.
What… What should we do? This is my father’s precious collection, what should we do?
Calm… Calm down! Your dad isn’t here right now! There are two solutions! First is to admit it when the matchmaking people are here. That way, your father won’t become angry before the guests! Number two! Use rice or something to make emergency repairs, and place the urn in a position that will easily fall if your dad picks it up!
I… I got it, we’ll do that! As expected of Kazuma, how quick witted! Even if I admit it before the guests, he’ll still lecture me after they leave! We’ll do temporary repairs. Put it in a position that’ll fall easily and instruct the house help not to touch it, that’s the best way!
… Excuse me, honoured guest… Please don’t teach our young lady such things…
But… To think that you would agree to this matchmaking. I’m really happy… When Alexei said he had something to discuss with me, I was worried about it. He was confident you would not reject too. Leaving Alexei aside, his son is a good man. You’ll have a wonderful life with him, Lalatina.
How mean, dear father. Lalatina only said she would seriously consider the marriage, fufufu… After thinking it through, I think it’s still too early for me to marry, but it’s too late now. I agreed to the matchmaking session, but I didn’t say I wanted to marry! I’ll mess up this meeting! I’ll destroy the matchmaking meeting! Hmm… Hahaha!
Could… Could it be the reason the two of them are here is to…?
… My lady, your choice of words is too crude, please don’t speak in such a way.
Kazuma, you… You…! What is this, are you planning to betray me?
There’s no betrayal to speak of, my lady. Right now, I’m Dustiness’s butler, and my greatest wish is for my lady to achieve happiness.
You… You’re Kazuma, right? Even if this session fails… At least, don’t let Lalatina do anything disgraceful before the other party! I’ll reward you well! So… So…!
Please leave it to me, old master. I’ll aid my lady with all I can…
You’re the brat who’s meeting with me, right? I’m Dustiness ford Lalatina! You can call me Queen Dustiness…
Ara, watch out my lady! There’s a bug on the back of your head!
Hey, what are you thinking? Are you not here to help me?
Don’t call me lady when it’s just the three of us!… What’s that important thing?
You forgot the part about not tarnishing your family’s reputation. If you make too big a mess, you’ll be the one who’ll be hurt the most.
How would I be hurt? If the negative news spread, I won’t be able to marry and can continue my adventuring career without worries! The worst case would be my father disowning me, but I’m already prepared for that… After being disowned, I’ll feel uneasy about my uncertain future… Despite that, I’ll still do my best to survive and take on jobs too hard for me. In the end, my body won’t be able to take it and I’ll get captured by the minions of the Demon King’s army, and be ravaged…! … I want to live a life like that.
So, you finally admit it.
And that guy’s not my type. The guys my father wants to set me up with are all bad.
Is that guy as bad as you say? According to your father’s description, he sounds like an okay guy. But I only know what he looks like though.
That guy’s Alexei Barnes Walther. He’s talented and looks nothing like the landlord. The citizens give rave reviews about him, he’s a cheerful man.
Speaking of Walther from the Alexei family, everyone in the town of Axel has nothing but praise for him. He distributes items to help the poor. I’ve even received it a few times too.
That’s not good! My father doing that is enough! How can a noble who wants to marry me do such a thing?
Is… Is that so? Ah, could it be that he does charity on the surface, but does evil deeds in the dark? If that’s so, I’ll feel bad even if I didn’t know about this…
There’s no such thing! First, I heard that guy has excellent character. He won’t get angry with anyone, and won’t lecture his staff when they make mistakes. He’s a weird person who would think together with them as to why such mistakes occur…
And he’s very hardworking, studying every day to help the people with his knowledge. He’s smart and great in swordsmanship, the youngest knight ever in history. I’ve never heard anything negative about him, a truly perfect man. He also advises his father often, pleading him to change his harsh policies.
Hey, from what I’m hearing, isn’t he the perfect man? Which part are you unhappy about, Darkness?
Which part am I unhappy about? Everything! First, nobles should act like nobles and always wear a sinister smile! Why does he have such clear and forthcoming eyes when we met? It should be more like… Like Kazuma’s lecherous gaze when I walk around with loose clothes in the mansion. Eyes that want to rape every inch of my body!
N-no, wait, I’m not! I-I-I’m not looking at you with such eyes!
He doesn’t get mad when his staff screws up? Is he an idiot?! If a maid makes a mistake, then he should do this and that to her using that excuse, that’s the proper way for a noble! That man doesn’t know anything! His staff makes mistakes because they want to be scolded! As a noble, he should have the guts to make all of the maids pregnant!
You’re the only one that thinks that way!
Simply put, the type I like is the total opposite of that man who’ll achieve great things, even if I leave him alone! He must not be too eye catching, either too fat or too skinny. It would be best if he loves me but has a weak will, lusting after other girls if they’re a bit kind to him. Some mandatory criteria will be having a lecherous look and is horny all year round. If he looks down on the hardships of life and just wants to live his life easily like trash, that would be great. If he has debts, that’s even better! He also must drink all day and refuse to work, always grumbling that ‘This is the fault of society’. He’ll then hit me with empty beer bottles and tell me: ‘Hey Darkness, use your slutty body to earn back some cash!’… Hmm…!
… Enough! I’ll destroy this meeting myself! Kazuma, be prepared for the consequences if you get in my way!
… Kazuma, what are you planning?
You saw her dad’s face too, right? He’s really worried about his daughter’s future. You heard how the other party’s reputation was, right? This isn’t a political marriage, but a father who wishes for the happiness of his daughter; a carefully planned meeting.
What then? Even if it was Darkness’s father, he has no right to decide her life…
Darkness is a noble. Isn’t it normal for her not to be able to decide her own marriage? For aristocrats, they live a life of luxury and receive elite education… Though we can’t really tell from Darkness’s behavior. Since they depend on the taxes of the commoners for a living, it’s normal for their life to have less freedom. Living a luxurious life from birth and wanting the freedom to decide their own life, that’s just being willful… She already had it good living such a carefree life all this while. And the one she’s marrying is a perfect man. If you still want to be picky about it, it’ll incur the wrath of the people.
… But! That’s still too much!
That’s not all.
… Eh?
Aqua. Our objective’s to defeat the Demon King and return home, but what are Darkness’s wishes?
Well, um… To not marry and continue adventuring with us…
Wrong! I don’t want to listen to such pleasantries! You know the truth! Hurry! Don’t be shy, say it! Say it out loud! I want you to say it! Let me see what expression you’ll make when saying it!
To… To be kidnapped by a strong monster she couldn’t win against and let the enemy do erotic things to her!… Ka… Kazuma, that’s sexual harassment, right? Hey, is this sexual harassment?
This isn’t sexual harassment! Listen well. If you’re a moron, then that girl’s a super moron beyond redemption! Her dream’s to be kidnapped by monsters and have perverted things done to her? That idiot! Go, tell her dad about this! Do it if you can! Tell him his daughter has a grand dream, so he must forget about marrying her off and let her realize her ambition. Explain it to her dad right now!
I’m sorry! I can’t say it! Sorry!
But… But are you certain the right choice is for her to marry that person? Darkness should have her own preference for the type of men.
Are you are saying something stupid, like the other party is pitiful because he isn’t her type? Darkness said what type of men she likes, you heard it too. If Darkness found her ideal partner and he’s exactly as she described, what are you going to do about it? Listen, just force her onto that Walther character… He’s a good guy after all, so we can trouble him a little. Darkness can be rash at times, so we should let that guy tie her down and watch over her. From what I just heard, Walther is a warm and gentle person far different compared to his father. If that’s so, he might agree to Darkness going out for adventures occasionally. We can then accompany her and do quests from time to time. Her dad would be at ease and I can relax. Darkness won’t partake in quests that are too dangerous. More importantly, I can get rid of one of the three problem children.
The three problem children you just mentioned, are you referring to me?
In the end, adventuring’s not a career you can do forever! This is a job that borders on the edge of the abyss, if I can quit then I should quit! Or rather, I’m ready to quit anytime! Let’s make it clear, that girl is an idiot! I’ll support her if she wants to continue being an adventurer, but I must emphasize that she’s an idiot! Others shouldn’t interfere in her family matters, but my goal is for Darkness to marry off successfully! If that doesn’t work, I’ll aim to at least protect the reputation of the Dustiness clan so she can marry and retire at any time!
Wait Kazuma! Answer my question!
Pardon me for the long wait.
We’re back.
I know how Kazuma feels about this. I also wish for Darkness to marry someone she likes. But after hearing what you said, I think it would be terrible if that happened.
I’m glad you understand. Listen, you just act by your own judgment. Try to help from the side so Darkness can leave a great impression on the other party, okay?
… Hey, for your own good, give it up. If not, you’ll experience something so bad that you will wish you were dead.
Pardon my interruption, old master. Could we start the meeting between the young lady and master Walther? The young lady has been looking impatient for a while now.
Well then, Mr. Walther, this way please. Lalatina, come with us too. Let’s go to the meeting room.
My heels seemed to have broken… Mr. Walther, can you lend me a hand?
Young lady, allow me. No matter how much you admire Master Walther, you aren’t engaged yet, so you can’t trouble him like this. My apologies Master Walther, the young lady is happy… Ahhh, ow, ow, ow… It’s breaking… Breaking… Please don’t joke with me… Wait, stop. Please stop! I’m telling you to knock it off young lady!
What’s wrong? Are you okay?
Fufufu, it’s nothing. Let us be off, Mr. Walther.
– Well then, let me once again introduce myself properly. I’m Alexei Barnes Walther, son of the Alexei family. My job is to assist my father in managing the territory.
I’m Dustiness ford Lalatina. I don’t think I need to introduce my family. Even the son of some upstart landlord should know… Ahhh!
Are… Are you okay?
I… I’m fine… It’s just that seeing Mr. Walther’s face is making me uncomfort- Nnnhhh–!
Young lady Darkness’s tummy has been acting up since morning. Isn’t that right, Darkness?! Don’t push yourself if your stomach hurts.
Huh? No, I’m not…!
The young lady was eager to meet Mr. Walther since early morning, she was a little too excited. As you can see, the young lady is so shy that her face is all red.
Er… Well, her face is really red… It’s a little embarrassing…
… Hey young lady, I’ll step harder if you say any more nonsense.
… What, what a wonderful reward…
Mr. Walther, I heard your mansion was destroyed not long ago. Where are you living right now? How about bunking in my place? Of course, you’ll have to sleep in a different room from my daughter.
Hahaha! No, if I’m to live under the same roof with the beautiful Lady Lalatina, it would take tremendous self-restraint to stop myself…
Lady Lalatina, what are your hobbies?
I hunt Goblins when I’m free…. Ugh!
… The two of you seem to be really close.
I’m very close to this butler, Kazuma. We spend every day together. Be it meals or bathing, even sleeping at night is… Is… Ugh…
The young lady loves to joke. That’s the way she is, a cute girl who gets embarrassed by the things she herself is saying. Right, young lady Lalatina? What’s the matter, young lady Lalatina? Your face is getting red, young lady Lalatina.
Ugh… You, I’ll get you for this…
… You’re close to each other… It’s making me envious.
Please don’t joke with us, Mr. Walther. This is just a mistress and her butler playing around a little…
I don’t want to beat around the bush anymore! I can’t take this!
Hey, you’re called Walther, right? Since you’re a knight, you should know how to use a sword! My job’s a Crusader, let’s go to the dojo. I’ll appraise your capability there. Come, follow me!
… Walther, take a good look at that man. As a noble, you should learn that from the lecherous eyes of Kazuma and use it every day!
We fight until one party surrenders. Just try to make me say ‘I can’t fight anymore’, or ‘Please stop hitting me’! If you can do that, I can marry you or follow you anywhere!
Um, Lady Lalatina, I’m a knight. Even if this is just training, I can’t point a sword at a lady…
What a gutless fellow. Kazuma who’s standing right there claims to be a gender equality advocate. He even announced that he would not hesitate to drop kick a woman. You should learn from him.
… I understand. To be honest, my father forced me to come, and I’m here to reject the marriage… But after seeing you, I changed my mind. You’re different from the other daughters of nobility, as expected of the only daughter of the national chief adviser. You seem to have a bold personality, but get embarrassed by your own words. That’s cute. Your way of speaking is straightforward and isn’t haughty towards the butler serving you, treating him as an equal. I’m very interested in you… Prepare yourself, Lady Lalatina!
Very good, next. Come at me!
Enough! The match is obviously over! Why aren’t you giving up?
What’s the matter? Don’t be shy, attack with everything you’ve got! Show me your determination to persevere to the end!
… I give up, Lady Lalatina. It’s my loss. Even if my skills are better than you, I’m not as strong as you mentally… I can’t attack you anymore. You’re a strong person.
… That’s it? Boring. Come back after you train more.
… I’ve really fallen for you…
Come, Kazuma. Show Walther your merciless and despicable side. Let him learn.
…  I too wish to see how does one trusted so much by Lady Lalatina fights.
Sigh… never mind, I get it. The matchmaking’s a failure anyway, and you probably won’t spread disparaging rumors about the young lady.
Great, that’s the spirit Kazuma! I had always wanted to spar with you! A despicable man who dares to steal the underwear of a girl you just met! Unscrupulous, using all sort of dirty tricks! Come at me, and don’t hold anything back!
Create water!
Eh?
?… What’s wrong?
… It’s… It’s nothing, just that a match with wooden swords usually would not allow magic…
… How strong–as expected of Kazuma-san, who’s the best in sexual harassment. He’s good–
Fu… Fufufu… Observe, Walther! In a spar with wooden swords, he’ll suddenly humiliate me with such tricks. Witness how this man really is!
I… I didn’t mean to do that…! Ah–I don’t care anymore!
Freeze!
Ughh…!
De-Demon…! Deep in the winter, you not only soak her with water but you freeze her with magic too…?!
That’s normal–The people in town call him Scumzuma or Trashzuma for a reason.
Fu… Fuhahaha! This merciless style! This… This is…!
What’s the matter Kazuma? Your breathing is getting ragged!
Darkness, that’s it! The skinny Kazuma doesn’t have any stamina. He isn’t suited for a dragged-out battle!
Fufufu… Your movements are getting dull! Well then, it’s about time to decide this.
All right Darkness! Grab him, strangle him! The weak Kazuma will never beat you in a wrestling match!
You think you can win me in strength? You’re underestimating me!
I don’t know what you’re planning, but the difference in strength between a Crusader like me and an adventurer like you is… Ahhh!
What’s the matter? Aren’t you confident? Hey Darkness, say something! Wahaha… There’s no way I’ll fight you head on; you don’t understand that after partying with me for… Ahhh!
Fu… Fufufu… This… This is Drain Touch, right…? But before you drain me of my strength, I’ll break your hands first!
Kukuku… You can try if you can… Ahhh! It hurts!!!
Ugh, hey Darkness! Let’s make a bet! You wanted to fight me because I did a lot of things that pissed you off, right? So, let’s make a deal. The winner can ask the loser to do anything…
You… You want to make a bet…? Fu, fufufu, stalling for time…? You’re on! If I win, you’ll have to prostrate…!
Deal…! No… No take backs…!
Yeah, of course…! You’re done! Surrender! Or your hand will really…!
I’m serious! Don’t regret this! Promise! After I win, I won’t back down even if you come crying to me!
…? What… What are you planning to do if I lose?
I’ll make you go red from ear to ear, something that’ll make you cry and beg…! Hehe, it’s a bet! Let’s decide the match! I can already see you begging for forgiveness after my victory…! You just wait for your fate of screaming for my mercy!
Ugh…! What… What are you scheming…? Tell me! Hurry!
Fuhehe, it’s something you can’t even imagine, something even more overboard…!
Wha…! Stop…! Ugh…! Even… Even if I resist, my strength’s being sapped…! Why’s this happening, if this goes on…!
Hah… Hah…! You, what do you want to do to me…! Hah, hah…! Ahhh… I’ll lose if this goes on…!
I’ll keep sucking your stamina until you faint! Look forward to your miserable sight when you wake up!
Ahhh! You…! Ugh… I might lose this fight, but no matter what humiliation I suffer, my heart will not give in…! And… What’s that terrible thing you’re planning…?
Bringing up a bet on the verge of victory, how merciless…! The name Trashzuma is really adequate…!
That’s… That’s rude!
I heard you were in the Dojo, so I brought some beverages…
… They did this.
All right, drag them out and execute them.
No, this is a misunderstanding!
My girl isn’t good with people… Even with ones who are close with her. Kazuma, you’re in the same party with my daughter, right? She refrains from talking about herself, right?
Even as a Crusader, my girl was always alone… She went to the church of Eris every day, praying to Goddess Eris, wishing for comrades she could adventure with. One day, my girl came back from the church and told me she met her first comrade and made a friend. She was so happy as she told me about her female thief friend…
As for our family, my wife passed away when Darkness was young… I didn’t remarry after that, raising her as a single father. I was always doting on her and always bore her freedom in mind… I probably spoiled her that way…
I think Lalatina’s a charming girl and at the same time is as capable as any man. If not for Kazuma, I would definitely want to take her as my wife.
… I’m sorry, I don’t really get what you’re saying.
It’s fine, you can make Lady Lalatina happier than I can. I can see how deep your trust for each other is. Your feelings for each other must be the real thing, right?
All right, get your ass over here. I don’t care if you’re the landlord’s son, I need to give you a good beating.
Stop, Kazuma-san! Or do it somewhere I can’t see! Or I’ll get arrested too!
Kekeke, hahaha!
Yes… I understand! Mr. Walther, if no one wants to marry my girl, will you please take good care of her then?
Well… I’m fine with this, but…
Also, Kazuma.
Eh? Me? Yes, anything I can do for you?
Please take good care of my girl. Please watch over her, and don’t let her do anything foolish. I’m counting on you.
… Hmm? Ugh…? Meeting room?… Ahhh… Right…
… Ugh, is it over already? After losing consciousness, what filthy things have been done to me…?
Nothing, I didn’t do anything! Don’t say things that’ll cause misunderstandings, all right? It was already tense enough when you were sleeping!
Dear father, Mr. Walther. Please pretend this meeting never happened. I’ve been keeping this from you… I’m already pregnant with Kazuma’s child…
What are you saying about a virgin like me? Ahhh!! I didn’t do anything, and you have my child? Do you think you’re Mary? You’re a virgin too! Watch out or I’ll punch you in the belly!
I see, since you’re bearing Kazuma’s child, I have no choice but to give up.
I’ll tell my father that I rejected this marriage proposal. That should be for the best.
Grandson… First grandson… My… My cute grandson…!
Ahwahwah… So Kazuma and Darkness reached that stage before I realized it…! I-I need to tell everyone…! I need to tell everyone in town…!
Really, I would’ve rejected this matchmaking session if I knew that would happen.
That’s what I wanted to say. I’m grateful to you for protecting me from that landlord’s defamation, but please stop sacrificing yourself from now on. We were so worried while you were away.
What are you saying, Kazuma? You were planning to push Darkness to that Walther guy, and now you’re pretending nothing happened and painting a picture of a happy ending? Your character is too rotten!
That’s right, you dare say you were worried about me? You were planning to leave me behind in the confusion…! Aqua too, you seemed eager in marrying me off, right?
A-Aqua-san, why are you standing so close to me?
… I’m just thinking, what kind of request will Kazuma make? Are you going to ask Darkness to do something terrible? Hey, I know you were frustrated because Darkness made us so worried, but don’t go overboard, all right?
A-about that, let’s discuss this after we return to the mansion…
Boo…! Sniff…! That’s too mean–! Megumin’s a meanie–!
It’s about time you stop crying! Kazuma and the others should be back soon, they’ll think I’m at fault if they see this… Ah!
Don’t pretend you didn’t see anything, I can explain this!
No, it’s fine. I already know you like to bully others.
That’s wrong! To be honest, when Yunyun and I were classmates…! No, that’s not important right now! It’s not the time to be so worked up over Yunyun…!
Not important! You, you say I’m not important…! No need to get worked up over me…! Wah, wahhh–!
Ahhh! Enough, you’re troublesome…! Excuse us for a moment, the two of us need to talk!
I-I’m sorry for disturbing everyone…
Kazuma, bad news! This is bad news!
I know. From what I just saw, there’s plenty of bad news.
That’s not it! Never mind Yunyun for now! That was just a squabble between us, don’t mind it! I’ll explain it to you when we’re free!
It really isn’t the time to be talking about this! The situation is bad, it’s that prosecutor! That one called Sena is on her way here! She declared that she’ll definitely arrest Kazuma this time!
Satou Kazuma! Is Satou Kazuma here–?!
Again? What is it this time? Is it frogs? Or did something else happen?!
It’s the dungeon! What did you do to the dungeon? The Keele dungeon near the town! I heard that many mysterious monsters have flooded out from there!
No… Wait, that has nothing to do with us! We did enter the dungeon before, but pushing all the blame on me when things go wrong is too much!
That might be so, but I heard that you were the last batch of people to enter that dungeon. Going by your history, the chances that you people aren’t involved is really…
What twisted reasoning is this? And we really have no clue this time. Right? There’s no problem this time, right?
But this is troubling… I have no idea who else but you guys would cause such trouble. I have to hire people to investigate then…
Oh, Ms. Prosecutor, could you be asking your original suspect to help in your investigation? We have plenty on our plate trying to prove our innocence in the first place.
… I don’t have the time for this, sorry but I have to reject you.
You’re right, I can’t force this on you since you’re not related to this. But if you change your mind, please lend me a hand. I’ll be making a trip to the adventurer’s guild.
Well, I’m curious about the mysterious monsters flooding out from the dungeon… But we have things we need to do. First is clearing Kazuma’s suspicion, next is compensating the landlord for his mansion. In the end, there are no solutions for these two problems yet.
… Hey, Darkness, can we discuss…
Forget about borrowing money, I’ve already helped you plenty. Or rather, I want to see the Kazuma who’s at his wit’s end.
To be safe, I’ll ask you all again. You really have no idea what this incident is all about, right?
For me, if this has nothing to do with explosion magic, I’m not interested.
Same for me. I should say that unlike these two, I don’t cause trouble.
Ah…! It’s true that Darkness doesn’t cause any major trouble, but on the other hand you lack any stellar performance like in that battle with Destroyer!
Wha…! Me-Megumin, you…
What about you? Any ideas?
Of course not. Really, you suspect me too much.
That’s right. Even you won’t stir up trouble all day! Sorry, my bad. It’s all because of that trial, which made me so suspicious…
Really, you should trust me a little. You should say that thanks to me, monsters won’t be approaching that dungeon. Wasn’t there a room where the lich was staying? I put some major effort into drawing that magic circle that purified the lich. And that magic circle’s still there right now, keeping evil beings out of that room!
Hey, what did you say just now?
…? Why… Why are you grabbing me? Like I said, that was a magic circle I put my all into. It should still be working now keeping the monsters at bay…
You idiot–!
… Sniff… This isn’t my fault… It’s definitely not…!
Why do you do this every time; stirring trouble after accomplishing some good? Why? Is it an illness that compels you to cancel out your performance with mistakes?
Wait! This isn’t my fault this time! Please believe me, all right? I only set up a purification magic circle in the boss’s lair, it won’t cause the mass spawning of monsters! This is different from the wandering spirits incident earlier!
Hey, stop that, it’s hard to walk like this! And whether you’re the cause of this isn’t important! Sena finding your magic circle during her investigation is the real problem!
… I see, it really is a mysterious monster.
What is that? I’ve never seen or heard of something like this before.
At a glance, they don’t seem that strong in a fight.
How should I put this? I feel a strong aversion to this doll on the bi Why is that? Just seeing that thing makes me angry.
Satou-san…! What are you doing here? Did you change your mind and came here to investigate?
Now that I think about it, the appearance of the mysterious monsters will affect us too. And protecting the town from these monsters is the obligation of an adventurer.
I’ve never wished that I had a lie detection device with me so strongly before…. But I’m deeply grateful for your assistance.
If that’s the case, please take this, Satou-san. It’s unknown why the monsters are spawning, but they were probably summoned by someone. If that assumption is true, then please take down the summoner and paste this on the magic circle.
… What is this?
A talisman imbued with powerful sealing magic. By pasting this on, it’ll disable the magic circle, no matter how powerful it may be. There are certain circles that will continue to summon monsters even after its caster has fallen, so please take this with you.
No, I don’t need that. Don’t worry, I have a good idea. With so many monsters in the dungeons, there’s no need to trouble ourselves by going in… Megumin! Are you ready?
I’m already ready, leave it to me.
What… What is this? What are you thinking? Could it be…!
Oh, you figured it out? That’s right, by casting Explosion at the entrance of the dungeon and sealing it…
No, don’t! Please find out the reason! No matter how you look at it, these monsters didn’t spawn naturally. The one lurking in the dungeon must be dangerous if it can summon so many monsters. Even after sealing the dungeon, the other party will escape if it can teleport. So, the goal is for you to find the enemy that’s causing this major crisis and defeat it.
Eh, wait! What…? What is this?… Oh?
What, does it want to cuddle? The mask makes me mad, but I think it looks cute when it cuddles like this… Hey, hey, Kazuma, I think this doll’s getting warmer. I have an ominous feeling!
… As you can see, this mysterious monster sticks to people who are moving and explodes. The adventurer’s guild wasn’t sure what to do about this too.
I see, this is troubling indeed.
Why are you all so calm?! Can’t you worry about me a little?! At least check to see how I’m doing!
But this is troubling… This monster can only attack by exploding, and will detonate if we hurt it a little. Even if we don’t harm it, it’ll stick to us when we don’t pay attention and will explode anyway. From the current situation, we can only stay far away and defeat them one at a time.
Hmm? What are you doing suddenly?!
… Hmm, I can take it. No problem.
I’ll clear a path, just follow behind me Kazuma.
Kazuma, Kazuma, I’ll only get in the way inside, can I standby out here? I’ll be ready to use magic at the entrance of the dungeon. Just run out if you run into a powerful monster.
If that’s the case, I’ll wait for you guys together with Megumin. I’ll cast buffing spells on you before you go in, so both of you be careful.
Hey, wait a minute! You’re coming too! You’re different from Megumin and can be of use in the dungeon!
I don’t wanna–! I don’t want to go into the dungeon anymore! I’ll be left behind if I go into the dungeon! That’s right, and many undead will chase after me–!
The only ones entering the dungeon from my party will be just Darkness and me.
Yeah… To be alone in the dark dungeon with Kazuma. I think Kazuma’s more dangerous than the monsters.
Be careful, I might just leave you in the depths of the dungeon and give you the same trauma as Aqua.
Fufufu, hahaha! Kazuma, look! I hit it, I hit it! Even I can hit these fellows accurately!
Hey–Wait, wait for us! Slow down…!
Wait…! Ahhh, it’s sticking on me! Hey, someone pull it off me!
Wahhh, don’t come here! Don’t come–!
Keep it up Darkness! Go straight down the passage! Keep charging ahead!
Okay, leave it to me! Ah, such a thrilling experience! I think this is the first time I’m fulfilling my role as a crusader!
… What’s with this? No matter how I look at it, this must be the boss of these monsters.
Hey… What are you doing here? If you’re making those dolls, that means you’re the mastermind behind this commotion, right?
Ohhh… I didn’t expect anyone to be able to reach here. Adventurers, welcome to my dungeon! Thou art correct, moi art the source and the origin of all evil! Moi art a general of the Demon King’s army, the duke of hell that commands the devils! The arch devil that can see through anything in the world, Vanir!
Darkness. Hey Darkness, we can’t handle this situation by ourselves, let’s think of a way to escape!
What are you saying? As a devotee of the Goddess Eris, how can I retreat in the face of the devil and a general of the Demon King’s army on top of that! Even if it’ll kill me, I’ll bring him down!
Ohhh, thou wish to defeat moi? Defeat Mr. Vanir, who some say is stronger than the Demon King? You… The girl who’s worried that the man over there saw your six-pack when thou were naked in the shower, I can’t fathom why art thou are so angry, but moi heard that eating some small bones will help in alleviating your nature of being quick to anger. Part of my mask was made from the bones of magic dragons, I don’t mind letting you bite it.
Six-pack… Six-pack…? You, stop spouting nonsense you minion of the Demon King! Kazuma, this guy’s lying! I don’t have any six-packs, I’m not worried about it!
Eh, don’t get agitated Darkness. Calm down!
First, although I’m a general of the Demon King’s army, I’m just maintaining the barrier of the castle because of his request, so I’m just a general in name. I’m known to others as a devil. The best delicacy for devils are the negative feelings produced by the hatred of humans. In my eyes, humans are the producer of delicacies, so I won’t perform stupid things such as killing or harming thou. Whenever a human’s born, I’m so happy that I’ll dance in the courtyard.
I-I see… But to stimulate our negative feelings, that means you’ll harm us, correct? There won’t be any negative feelings if our lives are peaceful.
For negative feelings, there are tons of them in various intensity. The tastes of every devil are different and have differing preferences. Some devils like fear and despair, while others are like me, transforming into a great beauty to approach men. And after working hard to make them fall for me, I’ll then reveal my true form and say, ‘Too bad, it’s actually moi’. Then I’ll taste their feelings as they cry tears of blood.
I’m starting to think it would be better to kill you off.
As I was toying with the Demon King’s subordinates and feeding off their negative feelings… He pleaded with me, ‘Don’t sloth in my castle and bully my subordinates. Go work occasionally…’ I was thinking about visiting my old friend residing in this town, so I took the job. On my way here, I found this dungeon without a master. I thought that it suited moi and came in on my own.
You mentioned that it would be troubling for you if humans were harmed, so what’s with these dolls? They kept spilling out from the dungeon and gave plenty of trouble to the townsfolk.
… Hmm? These things are used by moi to exterminate the useless monsters inside this dungeon. I see, since they’ve made their way out, it means that there are no more monsters inside the dungeon. It’s time for moi to stop the mass production of Vanir dolls and begin the next phase.
… The next phase? What are you scheming?
It’s rude to call it scheming, man who was as worried as a bear and pacing around the room all day because the armor girl didn’t return home for a few days. I have a grand dream as a devil. I came to this place to fulfill that dream.
Hey, shut up! You did say that you’re a devil that can see through all things, but why are you describing it as if you’d seen it with your own eyes… And you, you… Stop squirming about!
The dreams of a devil don’t sound like a good thing. Anyway, can I ask what kind of dream is that?
For moi who had existed for near eternity… I’ve been harboring the urge to go out with a bang for quite some time now–and that’s to pass on elegantly after dining on the finest negative emotions. I’ve been thinking for a long time, that I don’t even remember when I first had this thought. I had been thinking, what do I need to do to dine on the negative emotion I’m most fond of. And I’ve finally found the best idea…
First, I’ll obtain a dungeon. Next, I’ll dispatch my evil minions to standby in each room, setting grueling traps in them! Powerful veteran adventurers will then come forth to challenge themselves! After experiencing numerous challenges, someone will finally make it to my residence in the depths of the dungeon!
And waiting in the depths of the dungeon will of course, be moi! I’ll then say, ‘It was impressive for you to make your way here, adventurers! Come, great fortune awaits if you can defeat moi…!’ After my opening speech comes the final battle! After a fierce fight, the adventurers will finally defeat moi. In the end, a treasure chest with heavy seals will appear behind my tattered body. As I start to lose consciousness, the adventurers who overcame immense hardships will open the treasure chest before my eyes…!
… Inside the box will be a piece of paper saying, ‘Thank you for your patronage!’ The adventurers will then look at this paper with a blank face. That’s the scene I want to see as I head towards my demise.
Don’t do that. That’s so pitiful, anything but that…
Hey, Kazuma, I think we should take out this fellow after all.
A friend of mine’s operating a shop here. Moi original plan was to work in her shop to save up money, and use those funds along with the help of my friend to create a large dungeon. But when I passed by this dungeon, I realized there was no owner. So, I changed my mind and decided to use this place instead.
Staying here for such a reason is a bit… Anyway, I know what you’re planning to do here. Since you won’t be creating anymore dolls, there’s nothing more to discuss. We’re here because we need to do something in the room behind you. To tell you the truth, we’re here to dispel the magic circle in that room.
Huh…? Hey, Kazuma, instead of that magic circle, we should take care of this guy! You want to ignore this General of the Demon King’s army? The enemy of humanity’s right before us!
… Magic circle? Oh, that magic circle that gave moi quite a bit of trouble. Thou art too kind. I don’t know which annoying fellow did this, but this irritating magic circle’s keeping me out of the room. If thou are willing to dispel it for me, I’ll gift you a Vanir doll made by moi which will laugh in the middle of the night.
No… No thanks. It would be troubling for us if this magic circle remains here. We’ll be leaving after dispelling it, so please do as you please after that.
Why would the existence of this magic circle be bad for thee? Let moi peer into thou’s past…
… Fuhahaha!
Fuhahaha…. Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Should I say this is as expected or unexpected?! So, the magic circle that’s troubling was set by thou’s party mate! Even an arch devil like moi couldn’t breach it. To be able to set up such a magic circle, could that priestess be…?
Oh, the vision’s clear to moi! On the surface! At the entrance of this dungeon! I see the priestess who set up the magic circle drinking tea leisurely while looking bored.
All right. Girl who’s really concerned with the ‘overboard demand’ after losing a bet to this man, can’t get it off her mind, is full of anticipation and keeps squirming around. Boy who’s thinking about what to do to this girl and is itching to do so, open a path for moi! Don’t worry, ‘not killing humans’ is moi iron rule. That’s right, I won’t kill humans… All ‘humans’! That girl who gave moi so much trouble with her magic circle, I’ll show her!
Nothing’s on my mind. I’m not anticipating and I’m not squirming, so stop your nonsense! Don’t… Don’t mess around!
If you’re planning to harm Aqua, there’s no way I’ll back down. As a crusader serving the Goddess Eris, I swear on my honor that you shall not pass!
Not just your six-packs, even your brain’s hard and inflexible, girl. If I’m serious, it’ll be easy for me to finish you off. But I’m not planning to kill humans. It’s hard to judge which person will produce an exquisite negative emotion after all. Go home and finish that ‘overboard demand’ with each other. This devil with foresight eyes guarantees thou that if you return now, no one will get in your way, things will definitely develop as you hope for.
Ignore him Darkness! These are the so-called whispers of the devil! Don’t get tempted by his alluring words.
I-I won’t be tempted! Kazuma, think of the time and place, okay?!
Fuhahaha! Both are interested in the other party as a member of the opposite gender, but are too scared to cross that line because thou art party mates! Scurry off! Or thou could rest in that room with a magic circle after I pass through before returning!
Hey, Kazuma! What are you so hung up about? We live in the same mansion, it would be awkward if we develop such a relationship! Get your act together!
Ahhh! That’s right, this is Darkness. I must get my act together! It’s just that her looks and body suits my taste, but it’s that Darkness inside. Don’t be tricked by a moment of lust!
You… You… You will get it after we go back…!
Ohhh… You resisted my temptation. But how should I go about this? All my skills are so powerful, they’ll kill you in a single hit. For example, moi lethal laser. Because it’s a lethal laser, thou who art a human will perish with one hit; thou shall perish even if it doesn’t hit. Aside from this, there’s the Vanir eye beams, but it has the side effect of burning moi eyes after using it, so I haven’t tried it before…
Enough, enough! I’ll go crazy if you go on! I won’t let you go to Aqua, you’ll have to defeat me first if you want to go there!
Fuhahaha! Why are the attacks of this fierce girl not landing at all?… Hmm? Where’s the other one? That boy who’s good at talking but mediocre in performance, where did he go?
Stop looking around! Your opponent is me!
Where did the man who looked like a schemer went off to? How should I put this, such unscrupulous jerks are more dangerous than a muscle-headed crusader? I can feel his presence, but where did he…?
Don’t look down on me, face me–!
Ugh! Unscrupulous jerk, when art thou sneaked here… Oh, oh no…!
To think that… Curses, moi is too careless…! To think a talent like you was hiding in a beginner town…! Ugh… Is this how it’ll end for moi…?
No way… Did I just defeat a general of the Demon King’s army…?
… If you say something like ‘Did I just defeat?’’, it most probably means you didn’t. But that guy seemed surprised when he was slashed, so it should be for real, I guess?
As thou art hoping it to be true…
Did thou really think you had defeated moi? Sorry, not at all! Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Oh my, the negative emotions coming from thou are delicious!
What kind of absurd body is that? You think you can do such cheat-like things because you’re a general of the Demon King’s army?!
Boohoo… I thought I really got him… I thought the me that couldn’t normally hit the enemy had taken out a general of the Demon King’s army… I didn’t do much during the fight against the Destroyer and I thought I finally had the chance to perform…
Fuhahaha! This body’s just a fake created by moi magic, the mask is my real body. No matter how much thou slash at me, this body will at most return to dust! In the end, the place where moi body dissipates will be fertile as the earth, from my body is full of mana. The flowers will bloom and the butterflies…
I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about! My headache worsens whenever you speak! Damn it! What now, Darkness? Should we withdraw for now?
I don’t wanna! Being made a fool is a shame of the knights! I must make this fellow pay…!
Yes, I understand. But I have no desire to play with thou like this. It’s time for moi to use my skill for this type of situation! I have a hidden skill that won’t harm anyone and will only absorb negative emotions, observe!
Hey Darkness! This looks bad! Let’s get out of here first!
Too late! Crusader with a tenacious body, lend thou body to moi!
… Darkness? Hey… Darkness! Say something!
Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Listen up kid! This special power of moi, (what should I do Kazuma, my body’s been taken over!) How about it boy, if thou dare attack this girl, (I don’t mind! Don’t hold back, attack as you wish! Quickly come! This is the most wonderful situation!)
… What are you trying to say?
How can this be, what’s with this (beautiful) woman?!… Damn, damn it, don’t sneak in words and play around! But seriously, this girl’s mental tenacity is too strong… (An excellent role model of a crusader!) … Shut up!
To resist moi control, thou art a formidable opponent! (No, not really…) But if you keep on resisting my control, thou shall suffer horrible pains! (What, what did you say?!) Fuhahaha! Let’s see how long you can resist!… Huh? There aren’t negative emotions, what’s welling out from her is… Pleasure…?
(I…! I won’t give in to this pain…!) Thou have respectable courage! But enduring it any longer will cause thee to break down mentally…! … Could it be, thou are enjoying this?
All right Darkness, mission accomplished! We just need to return to the surface and that’s it! Let’s link up with Aqua and run away!
Don’t come any closer, brat! (Kazuma, don’t worry about me! Just leave me here and go!) Don’t think things will proceed as you’ve wished… (… Ahhh! I always wanted to say that line…!) Thou have feelings for this girl and don’t want to see her get hurt, right? (!) If this girl continues to resist moi power (Ka-Kazuma, this devil who claims to have foresight just said something intriguing.) If you don’t want that to happen, thou should stop this girl. (I’m happy that you feel this way about me. I really am, but the difference in our status is too vast, and we’re in the same party…) Annoying, ahhh!
You two are the annoying ones! Please, one at a time, all right? I don’t get what you’re trying to say!
Ugh…! Choosing this body was a big failure (Hey, don’t say my body’s a failure, how rude!) Silence! Moi will be leaving, thou shut your mouth!
What are you doing, brat…? What’s happening? I can’t touch… Hey… What’s this talisman, brat? My fingers get deflected even if I want to touch it! (Yeah, something’s fluttering before my eyes, how irritating… Wait. Hey Kazuma, isn’t that…!)
It’s the talisman Sena gave me. Darkness, maintain this and return to the surface with me. Keep Vanir within your body and bring him to Aqua and the others. We’ll then ask Aqua to cleanse that thing within you!
(Hya?)
Brat! This girl’s suffering tremendous pain as she resists moi control! If this goes on, she’ll suffer mental trauma! It’s in your best interest to tear off the talisman and let moi go! Or else… (It’s true Kazuma! I’ve been feeling something terrible… Very terrible…! Ahhh, this is the first time I felt something so intense, as expected of a general of the Demon King’s army! I can’t take it anymore…!)
Just hang on a little while longer, Darkness! We’re almost there! I’ll release you from the pain when we reach the surface!
Ugh… What’s with this weird situation… (It’s fine, just leave me.)
What did you say?
Darkness, great work for enduring this long! Leave the rest to Aqua, the other adventurers and I will restrain your body…
… Fuhahaha… Fuhahaha! Art thou speaking to moi?
Taking over complete! Brat, you underestimated moi! I was holding back earlier! If I approach thou’s companion with such an appearance, she’ll welcome moi with her guard down! When I see thou’s priestess companion, I’ll cleave her right in the head!
Wake up, Darkness! You’re better than this, do you want to give in to the minions of the devil?!
Fuhahaha! It’s useless, brat! I don’t know what this girl’s thinking, but when the pain exceeds a certain threshold (I-I can’t anymore…) will hand over the body… Damn, damn it! Don’t make such weird noises!
All right, time for a touching reunion for comrades who made it out of the dungeon alive! My hated enemy! I want to see what thou will do to a comrade whose body has been taken over by the enemy…!
Sacred Exorcism–!
(Ahhh–!)
Dark… Darkness–!
Fu… Fufufu… Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha!
Hey Aqua! Don’t attack Darkness with magic so suddenly, it’s bad for my heart!
What are you saying, that spell’s harmless against humans! I felt something evil coming out, so I was thinking I should cast the spell first and…
(I-I see… That’s fine, I was just surprised… Please give me a heads up next time, all right…?)
Hey Aqua! A general of the Demon King’s army is trying to take over Darkness’s body! The enemy appears to be a devil! An opponent you’re great at dealing with!
A… A general of the Demon King’s army?!
Smelly! This is too smelly! That’s right, this is the stench of a devil! Really, how did Darkness get stained with this filth?
(Hmm?! I-I don’t think I’m smelly…)
Fufufu… (Kazuma, smell me… It isn’t smelly, right?) Fuhahaha, fuhahaha! (Even if there’s a stench, it must be due to me charging around the dungeon just now.) Shut up! This is the scene where moi makes a cool speech, so keep quiet!
Fuhahaha! Greetings, cursed priestess that shares the same name as that notorious goddess of water! I’m Vanir! Duke of hell, one of the generals of the Demon King’s army, arch devil Vanir!
Not bad, greeting me with exorcism magic without hesitation! Fuhahaha, that’s the reason why the infamous Axis devotees are shunned by all! Does thou not know basic courtesy?
Annoying–being courteous to the devil, what nonsense are you saying? Devils are worse than the undead who go against the will of the gods. A parasite that can’t survive without the negative emotion of humans–! Puhehe!
Sacred High Exorcism–!
Naive!
Why are you dodging, Darkness? Be a good girl and keep still!
(I-I know, but my body’s moving by itself!)
Kazuma, Kazuma! What’s with this situation? Why’s Darkness wearing that mask…? How sly, I want a mask like that too! That mask’s stimulating my blood of the Crimson Demons!
What stupid things are you talking about, now’s not the time for that! Darkness’s body has been taken over by a General of the Demon King’s army, his main body is that mask! You have any ideas?
Satou-san, how did it turn out this way? That’s indeed a Demon King’s army general on the wanted list, the one who possesses foresight and clairvoyance. The devil of foresight, Vanir. What’s a big shot like him doing here?
That guy’s here to investigate the people who defeated Beldia, a general of the Demon King’s army. He had another more troubling objective, but let’s talk about that later. Right now, I’ve sealed him using the talisman you gave me. He’s that mask on Darkness, and he’s trapped inside her right now.
Trapped… In her body? You sealed a general of the Demon King’s army inside the body of your comrade?! What’s wrong with you? What were you thinking?
… But, this situation’s not good. That devil can even endure a hit from Aqua’s exorcism spell. He can do so because he’s possessing Darkness’s body. Crusaders are holy knights that serve the gods, that’s why Darkness has strong resistance against light magic. It’d be better to tear off the talisman and release that devil for now.
Release that guy? He’s trapped in Darkness’s body right now, so he can only attack with a long sword. But that devil said he could use a killing laser. That’ll be hard to handle if we release him from Darkness’s body.
… This… This is bad… If this goes on…
… Things don’t look good…
Damn! That Darkness is so strong…!
I can’t hit her! She parried my attack with her sword easily! Her strikes are heavy and amazingly fast! We’re only alive because she was holding back…!
Fuhahaha! This body isn’t bad! The strength and stamina are great! The resistance against holy magic makes it even more splendid! (Boohoo… I’m causing trouble for the other adventurers, but I’m a little happy to gain the upper hand against so many opponents…!)
Hey Darkness! Enough, stop thrashing around–! Do you or don’t you want to be saved? Or are you feeling great because you’re showing the adventurers who looked down on you who’s boss?
(No-No, I’m not!) Fuhahaha! What’s wrong thou weaklings, come at moi! Don’t hold back!
Darkness, you little…! Acting cocky because your attacks are landing!
I thought you were the one that was the most level-headed in Kazuma’s party! To think that you…!
Surround her! Encircle that crusader!
(The-The one taunting wasn’t me!) Fuhahaha! No matter how many minions you throw at moi, I’ll beat all of you off! (Ahhh…)
She’s obviously being manipulated by the enemy, but everyone’s scolding her, how pitiful! Isn’t there anything we can do?
(Ahhh… The adventurers that talked to me so nicely are looking at me with eyes of disdain…!) I sense feelings of joy… Why’s that so? What’s happening…?
But she seems so happy.
… That-That’s why we have to save her! Don’t you have any ideas, Kazuma?
You’re so annoying! Why are you so hard to deal with?
That’s what moi wants to say! Damn it, how despicable to attack in waves! Don’t think you can play around because moi don’t want to kill thou, adventurers!
I think that girl seems a little blessed today. Her performance has been eye-catching in all sorts of ways…
Don’t just say that leisurely, think of something… Ahhh!
Fuhahaha! It’s time to settle our score, moi rival! To die under the blade of your companion, how blessed art thou!
Hey Darkness! I believe in you! You won’t lose to the devil, right? It’s… It’s fine, right? Hey, Darkness, can you hear me?
Satou-san, are you not going to join the battle? Aren’t that priestess and possessed crusader your party mates?! Are you not going to save them?
No, you should know that I’m just an adventurer. Guys that are stronger than me are falling one after another. I can’t turn the tide even if I join the fray.
You! What is with you?
Ka-Kazuma–! This is a big crisis! The biggest crisis I’ve ever met–!
Kazuma-san–! Kazuma-san–!
… You guys are really troublesome, ahhh!
Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! All right… Prepare yourself, moi rival! To think I can destroy thou in such a place, even I couldn’t have foreseen that! Oh, the weakest man among the adventurers present here… Thou true nature has been seen through by moi, allow this devil of foresight to give you my prophecy.
Thou who seeks peace and stability, listen well. Don’t waste your efforts; just pretend you didn’t see anything. Thou have good luck, but it’s canceled out by the bad luck of your companions. For your own safety, thou should find other party mates, that way…
The boy who values his safety before all else, what caused you to have a change of heart? No matter what thou do, it won’t help the current situation. Aside from the Vanir doll, I can also throw in a mask that looks just like moi. Just take these and be gone.
I-I don’t want such things… Anyway, what’s up with you Darkness, why did you let your body get taken over so easily? You got tamed by that devil who suddenly showed up in no time? Are you really a gullible and easy woman?
Fuhahaha! It’s useless, now… (Jerk, who are you calling gullible and easy? He didn’t tame me! It’s just that the way this devil’s manipulating and hurting my heart is too skilled…!) As thou can see, this girl can’t hear you any… Hmm… What an iron-like will, moi didn’t expect this. I’ve lived in this world for such a long time, but I’ve never met someone I couldn’t dominate.
Darkness, listen carefully. I’ll break the seal on the mask in a moment. It’s fine even if it’s just for an instant, but you must wrest back control of your body from Vanir. Then rip off that mask and throw it away. After that…
You… You moron… Are you on his side too?!
Kazuma, I’ll support you from behind! Use my buffing spells and destroy that devil like a hero!
Fufufu, I’ll help you from behind too. All right Kazuma, it’s time for you to awaken the power sleeping inside you. Stop playing around and liberate Darkness from that devil!
Fuhahaha! You want to defeat moi?! (If) you want to take off this (talisman!), come (at me bro). Shut up! Don’t snatch the cool lines from moi!
Didn’t the two of you hate that talisman? And now you don’t want me to take it off, make up your mind.
Brat, thou must have a scheme in mind. It’s all because of that woman who’s emitting bright flames, shrouding thou’s mind from me. But thou don’t seem to be planning to fight moi with swords… Hmm, thou must be thinking of using some skills, right? (It’s Steal! Kazuma must be using his best skill, Steal!)
You… You idiot! Why did you reveal my trump card?
Kazuma, the spell’s ready!
Great, leave the rest to me! Well then, time for me to move. Darkness, just like that time in the dojo, let’s make a bet! If I win, I’ll add in something even more overboard on top of my ‘overboard demand’. You can do as you wish if you win!
(Ahhh… To-To use such tricks at a time like this…!) Damn… Damn it… Don’t get taken in by the tempting words of that man! Don’t show your weak side, refresh your soul! Increase your power to resist his Steal…!
All right, I’m coming Vanir! Darkness, keep resisting Vanir. Don’t let him move!
Just a Steal from a mere adventurer! If thou think it’ll work on moi, thou art going to be disappointed! Just try it, don’t hold back…!
Tinder–!
… Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! Fuhahaha! (Ahhh… How despicable, Kazuma you scoundrel!) To think thou could trick moi, the devil of foresight, splendid!
Hey Darkness, show me your mental toughness! Take off that mask and throw it away!
(…! I can’t take it off…!)
Kazuma-san–! What should I do? Can I cast my spell?
No… Wait, the mask is still on Darkness! Even if you cast your spell like this, it’ll be resisted by her…
(Don’t worry, just do it.)
(If Aqua’s spell doesn’t work… Then don’t worry about me and cast Explosion, just blow me away with him.)
You idiot! No matter how tough you are, you can’t survive explosion magic!
(How would you know if you don’t try it!) Wait… Don’t be rash, let’s talk this over.
(Aqua! Cast the exorcism spell the moment this mask leaves my body!) How about calling it a draw today? (If this mask keeps sticking onto me, then cast your Explosion, Megumin…!) To fight to a draw with moi who is a Demon King’s army general and the duke of hell, it’s something thou could boast to others about!
I-I understand Darkness! I’ll do it once that annoying thing’s out of the way!
Kazuma, Darkness is insane… Even she can’t survive that!
(… Hey Vanir. The time was short, but it wasn’t too bad hanging around with you. So, at the very least… I’ll let you choose. Do you want to be purified after getting away from me, or do you want to be blown up by Explosion together with me? Which one do you prefer?)
… I’m a devil.
As an existence that opposes the gods, I don’t want to be purified. Fuhahaha… My wish for destruction’s coming true in an unexpected manner. Goodbye, it was fun possessing thou’s body.
(Do it, Megumin!)
If something unfortunate does happen, please be the witness and testify that it was my instruction. It’s the same this time too, I’ll bear the full responsibility.
Do it, Megumin!
Wow, you really have exceptional talent for useless stuff.
Of course, who do you think I am?
I don’t think anyone will doubt you if you claimed to be the goddess of parties.
… Hey, you’re thinking of something weird, right? Why are you looking at me with pitying eyes? It feels so infuriating for you to stare at me like this.
… This fellow gets along well with me, but it hates Aqua. So, it’s true that animals will be close to people with a kind heart.
The kind me was thinking about being nicer to Kazuma who had been troubled so much by everyone, but I just heard something incredible. Are you implying that the holy me doesn’t have a kind personality?
Yes, and what are you going to do about it?
Ugh… No more…
Stop messing around! Like I said, including the havoc during the trial, you caused the most trouble! If I had to rank the three of you by how much trouble you gave, it would be you! Megumin! Darkness! If you get it, then don’t stir any more trouble before my award ceremony! Just go to that wall and count how many lines there are!
Wahhh! Kazuma, you’re too mean! I didn’t get into trouble intentionally! The flood with Beldia and the barrier at the cemetery–everything I did was for the people!
Wait a minute, I should be the one who caused the least trouble!
Hey Lalatina! What a cute name you have.
Lalatina-chan~ Let’s buy some clothes that suit your cute name! I’ll pick some for you!
By the way, Lalatina… It sounds like some famous lady, so eloquent.
Oh, what is it Lalatina? Why make such a scary face; it doesn’t suit the cute name you have.
Ugh…!
Oh, it’s about to start. I’ll be back in no time, Lalatina.
Adventurer, Satou Kazuma-san!
In honor of your contributions in ensuring the safety of the city, we offer you our thanks. Further to this, we would like to apologize for the false accusation–
Next, Dustiness ford Lalatina! Your selfless spirit is admirable. To honor your stellar performance which lived up to the name of House Dustiness and to compensate you for your losses, the royal family has sent you a letter of gratitude and a full plate of armor made by a highly skilled smith.
Congratulations, Lalatina!
Great job, Lalatina!
That’s our Lalatina!
This…! This feeling of humiliation is not the ‘overboard demand’ I wanted…!
Hey Darkness, I think Lalatina is a cute name! I’ll punish Kazuma who spread this name out as a joke–have more confidence in your name, Lalatina!
– We’ll now present the prize money to Satou-san!
Adventurer Satou Kazuma and party! Not only did you defeat the Mobile Fortress Destroyer, you even took down the Demon King’s army boss, Vanir. In merit of your accomplishments–!
After deducting your debts and compensation for the landlord’s mansion…
I present to you 40 million Eris as reward!
Kazuma, let me tell Wiz about this. It wasn’t for long, but we shared a body and wrecked havoc together. I can’t accept the way he liked to toy with humans, but I don’t think he had a bad nature… I don’t know why he hated Aqua that much… Anyway, it might not be appropriate for a Crusader who serves the Goddess Eris to say this but–I didn’t really hate him.
Welcome!
Hehehe… Welcome! The girl who gave an embarrassing monologue while looking into the distance in front of the door, I want to tell you something too. I don’t hate you, but devils like moi have no gender, so I can’t accept your embarrassing confession… Oh, my, that’s an intense swell of dark emotion! It’s delicious indeed. Hmm, why are you curled up in a ball? Did you really think you defeated moi? Hahaha!
Oh, welcome, Kazuma-san! I heard your false accusation was cleared after you defeated Vanir-san! Congratulations! All that’s left are your debts, right? But no problem, Vanir-san is very proficient in making money…!
I did clear my name–but what’s with this guy? How can he be doing so well after taking a blast of explosion magic? Isn’t his existence itself a cheat? He’s not hurt at all!
What are you saying? Even moi didn’t make it out unscathed after taking such a grand attack. Look closely at this mask.
Because of the explosion spell, I lost a life. I’m Vanir MK II now.
Are you picking a fight?
Vanir-san was already planning on resigning from the post of Demon King’s General. Coincidentally, he was ‘defeated’, giving him a new lease of life. Vanir-san is no longer maintaining the Demon King’s castle barrier; he’s a harmless existence now.
Boy who came from a faraway place, the one who’s weak and yet wants to defeat the Demon King. This devil that can see through all things prophesize that soon, you and this whimpering girl will face your greatest crisis ever. The crisis will be so grave that you will regret your own helplessness. You will prosper in the field of business… Art you interested in listening to moi proposal?
The red tea of the highest grade is ready, Kazuma-san.
… This is plain water.
Ara, ara, look how clumsy I am. My apologies, Kazuma-san.
Don’t worry, you can just make another pot of tea. Thank you, Aqua-san. I’ll drink this anyway.
Don’t wanna–! No! It’s cold outside! Hey, what’s wrong with you? Are you two idiots? There’s still snow everywhere, so why are you rushing to go out? Are you still kids? Are you on the same level of children who want to play outside? If you really want to, then go by yourselves!
It’s still cold
Don’t wanna
Who’s the kid again? Aqua, you’re acting just like one! Hurry, we’re going! You’ve lazed around enough in the winter, it’s about time to start working! Or else…!
Frogs and other monsters are turning active outside the town; I heard the farmers are facing losses. Adventurers are obligated to protect the residents! Hey, hey, Aqua! Release your hand now! If not…!
You’ll become like that!
Even I don’t want to be like that… But you should take care of that bum before talking about me!
Hey, you girls, even the gentle me will lash out if you do that. What are you all talking about? Calling me a bum is rude, okay?
If you have something to say, then come out of there first.
… Kazuma. It’s about time to come out of there, all right? Or else it’ll be a bad influence on Aqua. I understand that Kazuma’s very capable and the warming items in your country are outstanding, but the snow’s already melting outside. It’s time to get active again, okay?
That’s right, Kazuma. That kotatsu thing was great during the winter. However, it is time to let it go. Come, help me like you did in the dungeon back then. Hurry, together…
Freeze!
Ahhh–!
This… This man retaliated! Don’t push your luck, Kazuma! You’re lazing around too much even if the debts have been cleared! Get up now! Ah, what do you want to do with that hand, don’t resist and obediently, ahhh–!
Don’t look down on me. After all, I’m the Kazuma-san who crossed swords with Demon King’s Generals and high bounty targets. You think a clumsy Crusader and a silly Archwizard can defeat me? Come back after raising a few levels.
… Kazuma-san’s getting good at using tricks; how troubling. But I’m fine with that. No one will fight for my special seat if Kazuma stays in his kotatsu.
Hey, this is bad. I have an emergency; I need to go to the toilet. It’s a bit willful, but can we have a short truce? Sorry, but can you carry the mat to the bathroom door, please?
You take the other side. Let’s throw this man outside.
On it. Aqua, I know you don’t want to leave the fireplace, but lend us a hand. You just need to help us open the door.
Stop, stahp! That’s inhumane! Hey, stop…! If you don’t stop, I’ll use Steal! I’ll use Steal!!
We already took a bath together, so there’s nothing to be shy about. If you intentionally steal my panties, you’ll be branded a lolicon forever!
I… I’ve been seen naked and washed Kazuma’s back too; something like Steal… Steal is… Ughh…
Let’s go, throw this hikikomori turned bum out the window!
Don’t do that! Let’s, let’s talk! Right! When it gets warmer I’ll let you cast two explosions in one day! I’ll use Drain Touch to take mana from Aqua and let you use explosion twice, instead of once a day!
Don’t wanna! Why must my valuable holy mana be used to do such silly things? My mana stems from the deep faith of the Axis cultists. This is the important mana given to me by my precious devotees! I won’t let you!
She might say that, but I’ll take responsibility in getting the mana!
Ughh… One day… Two explosions…
Ughh… Steal… Steal… No, but it might not be the panties in one shot…
Satou-san! Are you here, Satou-san?
Satou-san, it’s terrible! The lizard runners outside… The town…
… Can I ask what you’re doing?
As you can see, I’m keeping warm, as it’s cold today. Ah, please close the door. You’re letting the cold in.
… Satou-san. You defeated two Demon King’s army generals and even took out the Mobile Fortress Destroyer. I have the highest praise and respect for you, but…
Ignore that bum. What brings you here in such a hurry?
Ah, right! Many monsters called lizard runners showed up and the adventurers in town are fighting them. The lizard runners aren’t that dangerous… But it’s their breeding season and the princess of the lizard runners was born…!
And so, I’m here at Satou-san’s place!
What do you mean? Didn’t the guild issue out extermination quests? Why are you here then? Someone will do something about it anyway.
What are you saying? Was it not Satou-san that said, when the Demon King’s General occupied the dungeon– ‘The obligation of the adventurer is to protect the citizens who live in fear of monsters’.
Hey, it’s useless to say that to the kotatsu bum over there, all right? I don’t think Kazuma, who cleared his debts and made a tidy profit, would work before the money runs dry.
Yeah, Kazuma has the lowest level among us after all. It’s natural for him to be scared.
… Hey, you, when did my level become the lowest here? Aqua, you… I remember your level being rather high after defeating all those undead. Megumin…
Level 26.
… Why is it so high?
I defeated the Mobile Fortress Destroyer and Demon King’s General, Vanir. Most of the minions were done in by me too. Of course, my level is high.
Darkness should be lower-leveled than me, right? You can’t hit the enemy, so you should have the most problem leveling up. I don’t know what lizard runners are, but it’s not time for me to take the field yet. Darkness, go grind some levels…
Fufufu–.
During the fight with Demon King’s General Vanir, the masked dolls he created were basically defeated by me. They were difficult for normal people to handle, so their experience yield was high…!
Pui.
Ahhh?
What’s Satou-san’s level? Satou-san crossed swords with a Demon King’s General before, so it must be really high…
Hey, you guys, ready your gear. We’re going to do some quests!
I think Kazuma can’t handle that woman. Did you suffer a lot during your stay in prison?
They didn’t do anything overboard, but they didn’t treat me really well either… She seemed to be thinking of me as an ally of justice or something. I’m the type who would prefer not to work and live a stable life, so I wish she won’t look at me with those expectant eyes
I feel the same way as that prosecutor and hold Kazuma in high regards. Even with someone stronger as an opponent, you’ll unscrupulously grab their weak point and run if things turn bad.
Are you praising or mocking me?
Yo~! Old man, is it done? Is my sword done?
Welco… Oh, it’s just you. That katana you taught me to make is done. The shape looks just as you described…
Oh… It looks great…! It’s not as pretty or sharp as the real thing, but it’ll do.
Sorry about it being imperfect! I researched that ‘quenching’ technique of yours but didn’t get it at all. Nonetheless, this is interesting work. You just need to write the name of the sword on this magic talisman and paste it on the hilt to complete it. This will be your precious sword from now on, so pick a nice name.
Kazuma, Kazuma, hurry up with the name. I’ve been staying home all winter and my urges have been piling up!
… But you cast your Explosion every day. Be patient, naming a weapon is important. I need to think about it carefully…
Here, the full plate armor for men you ordered. I just put lots of adamantite in it, a high-quality equipment for the adventurers of this town. Use it with care.
How is it? It fits just fine, right?
… It’s too heavy, I can’t move.
… Is, is that so…
All that’s left is the naming of the sword. I have to do it seriously… Kiku-Ichimonj… Kogarasumaru…
Chunchunmaru.
… What did you just say?
I said Chunchunmaru. Its name is now Chunchunmaru.
How can you call it such a strange name? This is an expensive custom-made item, okay? As my precious sword, I have to give it a cool name…
Ah!
… Miss, you already wrote the name down…?
I did. From today onwards, this sword shall be known as Chunchunmaru. It’s settled, Kazuma! Let’s do a quest!
You, you, what have you done? Ahhh…! My sword…!
– Hey you… That sword cost a lot of money, and you just… If I use this sword to defeat the Demon King, it’ll be displayed in a museum and be labeled ‘The weapon of the legendary hero, holy sword Chunchunmaru’–how are you going to fix that?
I already picked a cool name in the place of the indecisive Kazuma. What are you unhappy about? Putting that aside, can Darkness convince Aqua to come out?
Don’t wanna–! I don’t wanna go today! Tomorrow! I’ll go if it’s warm tomorrow! I have a bad feeling about today! My instincts as a goddess are telling me so!
Stop spilling nonsense about goddesses! Hurry up, stop grabbing the couch… Ah! Don’t… Don’t pull my hair!
Darkness, let Aqua watch the house since she’s so unwilling. The three of us will be fine.
As expected of Kazuma! It doesn’t happen often, but you can say good things sometimes! Look Darkness, Kazuma-sama already said it, so unhand me!
Never mind that–the two of you, this is our first quest in a long time. After getting the reward, let’s eat a good one outside. A hot-pot party!
That’s right, we’re beginning our adventure anew after the end of winter. For the long road ahead, let’s eat lavishly tonight.
Great, let’s have fun outside. I know a good shop that caters to nobles. I’ll make a reservation there tonight.
… Hey everyone, how about bringing the ingredients back and having a hot-pot party at home? Right, I’ll prepare the ingredients for everyone who’ll be tired after adventuring. So, I think it would be better to have a party here.
Please watch the house.
Wahhh, I was wrong, don’t leave me behind–!
All right, this is a good spot. Let’s begin!
I’m ready, no problem! I’ll let the weak Kazuma level up fast and take out the Demon King for me soon.
Yeah, Aqua’s support spells are taking effect. With this, I can take on any number of them!
Leave any stragglers to me. I’ll blow them all away if they get too close.
Then let’s get it on! Proceed as planned! I’ll Snipe the king and the princess runner! Without those two, the lizard runners should disperse, so we can ignore the small fries. If the Snipe fails and they charge at us, I’ll snipe again while Darkness holds them off them. If it still fails, Megumin will blow them all away with Explosion before they surround us. I’ll take out any stragglers from up high, and Aqua will support everyone with magic… All right, begin!
Hey Aqua, there’s a lizard runner with a crest-like horn on its head. I know that’s the princess, but which one’s the king?
How would I know which one’s the king? The king runner… Should be the one that looks like it’s full of itself, right?
Oh, leave it to me, Kazuma! I have an idea! If the winner of the race is the king runner, then it must be the fastest! Amongst my holy spells, there’s one that does the opposite of repelling enemies and attracts monsters! If we call the lizards over, the first one to get here must be the king!
Hey, what are you saying? Do creatures like goddesses have the habit of pouring oil onto fire? I already found the king, so don’t…
False Fire!
They are fast!
You moron, do you feel unhappy unless you mess something up? No one asked you to pretend to be a retard, so clean up your act! It would be over if I took out the king and princess, so why the hell are you drawing them here?!
Why, why are you saying all this suddenly?! I only wanted to help, why are you so angry? Ahhh, I knew it! The development will be the same as usual, right?! The lizards will mess me up bad! I already knew this was coming, so get it over with!
Cast support spells and healing you fool! Don’t lie there, you’ll get trampled!
Hey Aqua, don’t just lie there! I took out the one that looked like the king, but they became even more aggressive!
If you take out the king first, the other lizards will be fired up since they have the chance to be the new king. You should’ve taken out the lizard princess first.
Tell me something that important earlier… Ahhh! Me-Megumin! Megumin! Is your spell ready? I permit the use of Explosion! The distance is enough, so blow them all away!
Leave it to me, wahahaha! Taste my explosive magic! Explosion–!
? Ahhh! Mana! Kazuma, I don’t have enough mana to cast Explosion!
Ah? Why at a time like this…? Oh crap!
What… What… What do we do, Kazuma! The princess runner! The princess runner is really…!
Hahaha! Bring it on–!
Wahahaha! Ka, Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!!
Hold them off a little while longer Darkness! I’ll take care of them now!
Don’t mind me! Ahhh! You… You can take your time, ugh–!
Kukyeee–!!
Snipe!
In the nick of time…!
Ka- Kazuma? Are you okay? Aqua! Kazuma fell in a weird position! Use healing magic…
… Um, please live carefully, all right? It took a lot of effort to break the rules and revive you… Senpai will forcefully resurrect you anyway, but I’m always the one who suffers…
Sorry, I have nothing to say for myself this time, my apologies!
You are an adventurer, so it’s understandable for you to encounter dangerous situations. I know that, but… You were too careless this time…
Um… What happened to the others after I died? Are they okay?
Yes, there’s no problem. Senpai was trampled on since she laid down and pleaded for help mid-way… But while Darkness was holding them off, the lizard runners dispersed after the princess was killed. Megumin-san wasn’t hurt thanks to Darkness protecting her. Senpai is fixing your body right now.
… You’re really calm despite dying. The people who come here are usually more confused…
I’m used to it. Once in Japan, twice in this world. I’ve visited a total of three times now.
Won’t you feel bored staying in this room without anything to do? I don’t know how many people are in this world, but do people visit often?
That’s true. My job is to guide the people who died because of monsters… I’m usually busy, but the adventurers stay indoors in the winter and I’m thankfully freer. If I’m bored, that means everyone’s safe, so having nothing to do is great.
Actually, I don’t stay here all the time. Sometimes, I ask someone to cover my duties so I can play in the mortal world… Keep this a secret, okay?
Kazuma! Can you hear me, Kazuma? I already used Resurrection, so you can return now. Get Eris to open the door already!
Just wait a bit more. I still have many things to say with Eris-sama. Please take care of my body before I go back.
Huh?
Ah? What are you saying? Don’t spout nonsense and get back here! Raise your level, defeat the Demon King and return me to heaven!
Hey Aqua! I’m tired of life and won’t be going back! I want to reincarnate as a baby and start over! Send my regards to the others!
Eh?
What nonsense are you saying? Wait!
In summary, Eris-sama, I have a request. I won’t ask for much–but if possible, I hope to be a boy in my next life. I hope to be born into a family with a beautiful elder step sister and a cute younger sister.
Wait, wait a minute! Please, please wait!
Kazuma! Darkness said that if you’re not coming back, she’ll doodle on your face! She’s excitedly holding a marker now!
…? What are you doing Megumin? What are you doing to Kazuma’s clothes…? Hmm, Megumin? Wait, wait, Megumin?
Hey, hey stop! What are you all doing to my body? Don’t desecrate the dead, you’ll be cursed!!
Megumin! Megumin!! Wait, Kazuma-sama! Come back! Hurry!!
Hey stop it! Aqua, stop Megumin! Stop…! E, Eris-sama, please! Please open the door! I beg of you!!
Well then, Kazuma-san. I’ll pray that you will not come here again. Have a safe trip!
… Hey, what are you doing? I even thought of you as the only one with common sense, except for being an explosion maniac with a strange name; what did you do to me?
Hey, if you have any comments about my name then let’s hear them… It’s all your fault for joking about ‘not coming back’. If you throw such a tantrum again, I’ll do something even worse.
… Hey, what did you do to me? Depending on what happened, I might be too shy to look Megumin in the face from now on.
… What are you making a sacred goddess say? Ask her yourself.
Hey, tell me Megumin. If not, I’ll be very conscious of you from tomorrow onward…
You’ll know after taking a bath at home… That aside, how’s your head? Anything wrong?
Kazuma, your head was bent in an incredible direction. I thought you were acting out a scene from ‘The Exorcist’. Your wounds are serious, so no fighting for the next two weeks.
Let’s retire early for the day. Look, thanks to Kazuma the lizard runners have dispersed. Thank you for your hard work. I’ll report to the guild, so go back and rest, Kazuma.
Speaking of which… Why did you say something so silly, Kazuma? You’re living a wonderful life surrounded by beauties; what are you so unhappy about that you’d refuse to come back?
… Fufufu.
Ah!
Hey, I think you’ve been looking down on us recently, right? Didn’t I revive you too today–although Kazuma didn’t want to! Hey, stop treating me like an unwanted child! Revere me more! If you go to the capital of water and hot springs, Alcanretia, you can find lots of my statues and merchandize!
Moron, when did I treat you like an unwanted child? Without you, who will clean the toilet? For someone who proclaims to be the goddess of water, there are few places more suitable for you to clean than that, right?
That’s what I’m talking about! I’m the goddess of water, not the goddess of the toilet!! I’m saying your attitude is bad, you have to treat me nicer!
Where’s Megumin? She isn’t back yet?! That stupid loli, don’t think I’ll hold back just because she’s a kid! I’ll strip her with Steal and let her enjoy the same treatment!
Megumin said she would stay in the inn with her friend for a few days after visiting the adventurer’s guild– ahhh?
… Hey Kazuma, having confidence is a good thing, but I think being too cocky isn’t good.
Mo-Moron! Weren’t you there when Megumin wrote this? Damn, damn you, ahhh!
I apologize for what happened earlier… Please turn back into the old Kazuma.
I’m not bothered by such trivial matters. There’s no need for quarrels if you have money. Forget that. How about having some tea, Megumin? I received a huge batch of quality tea leaves.
I’m really sorry! It was all my fault, so please turn back into the old Kazuma! The current Kazuma’s really disgusting! Please! Please!!
Why do you keep saying strange things like, ‘Turn back to the old me’. I’m always like this.
The red tea of the highest grade is ready, Kazuma-san.
… This is plain water.
Ara, ara, look how clumsy I am. My apologies, Kazuma-san.
Don’t worry, you can just make another pot of tea. Thank you, Aqua-san. I’ll drink this anyway.
What’s happening? What happened these few days while I was away? Please, turn back to normal you two!
That loli bitch, ahhh! I’ll strip her when she comes back! Absolutely! I’ll do it! I’ll make that wild kid beg for mercy!
You’ll be arrested if you do that, Kazuma. In-Instead of that, can you tell me specifically how you’ll make Megumin beg for mercy…
Stop making a fuss so early in the morning. Really, stop squabbling. Everyone should be calm like me. Other than taking a bath, I’ve been in this spot after coming back yesterday.
I don’t want a bum who spends the entire day right on the couch to say that about me! Damn it! That ink is hard to wash off after it dries! I won’t forgive that girl! I can see her crying face right before my eyes!
Tell me in detail how you will make her cry…
Is that Megumin? You came back?
In detail… Um, that…
Hahaha! Did you think it was the Crimson Demon girl with a screw loose? Too bad, it’s moi! As the stubborn shop owner who has an amazing talent in holding on to trash is terrible at judging things, moi, who can see though all, will negotiate with you. Rejoice at moi arrival and be honored by moi presence. Come, let me see the merchandize you plan to place in our shop…! Hmm?
Hey, how did you get in here? There’s a holy barrier meant keep out harmful insects like you.
Ahhh. You mean that half-baked thing that was covering the mansion? So, it was a barrier. It was too weak, so I thought it was a failed product by a rookie priest. Pardon moi, but it broke when the powerful moi merely passed through it.
Ara, ara, although you’re saying that, you’re tattered all over, Devil-san. How should I say this…? I never thought the legendary duke of hell would get so beat up over a barrier of this level.
Ahahaha! This body is but dust anyway! Moi have plenty of substitutes. Moi was just curious about the quality of that thin layer outside the mansion. Well, it isn’t too bad for a newbie priestess, huh? Quite good for a human… And a rookie priestess! Hahaha!
Hey, hey, this looks bad. Darkness, help me stop these two…! … What are you doing there? Why are you turning away?
… It’s nothing.
Hey, you two, I know it’s in your nature to fight, but this is my house. Cut it out.
Hey Kazuma, I don’t know the specifics–could it be that you’re making things like the kotatsu in order to do business with that thing? Hey, are you going to collude with that pest? With that parasite that steals souls and is always finding trouble with humans to live off their negative emotions? Really, what an unfunny joke! Fufufu!
Ahahaha, Devils like moi are most trustworthy since we honor our contracts, unlike those who target innocent people and gather them with lies like ‘Believers will receive salvation’; a bunch of scammers who cons money under the guise of helping the poor. What’s the common phrase they use… Ah, like ‘God’s always watching over you’. Hoho, how preposterous! So that guy who was recently caught peeping at the bathroom with gentle eyes is a god?! Ahahaha!
Sacred Exorcism!
Elegant Shedding!
Ahahaha, so this is it! This is your true body! I caught it! I finally caught it! Well then, what should I do?! How should I deal with this thing?
Ahahaha, even if you destroy moi mask, there will be a 2nd or 3rd me one day…! Hey, don’t pull moi mask off while I’m talking, moi body will crumble! At least wait for moi to say moi line…
Hey calm down. It’s about time you two cut it out.
Hmm. Moi judgment of you was spot on. This will sell. It’ll sell well. This kotatsu thing is also a great tool to keep one warm.
Hmm, give moi a quote then. The previous agreement was ten percent revenue of the sold products to be paid monthly… But brat, are you interested in selling the intellectual rights of the products themselves? Including these items, moi am willing to buy it for three hundred million eris.
Three hundred million?
But moi thinks getting the monthly payout is a good idea too. After setting up the manufacturing line, you can get one million eris every month. We can nail down the details when we move into the retail phase… By the way, what’s this thing used for?
This is known as a ‘balloon’. It’s a toy that’ll become bigger if you blow into it. Let me play with it.
Oh. Give me one too…
Anyway, wouldn’t people notice if you walked around town in that get up?! Wouldn’t people shout, ‘That’s a Demon King’s General’ and attack you?
Huh? What nonsense are you saying? This mask is different from moi previous one. Can’t you see the ‘II’ shining brightly on moi forehead?
Kazuma. The personality of that devil’s problematic, but he won’t do things like arson, murder or robbery. He seems to have given up on the maintenance of the Demon King’s castle barrier, so the higher ups in the adventurer’s guild want to observe him for now. Besides, he’s staying in Wiz’s shop, so if anything happens, the reputable shop owner will stop him in time.
In summary of the above, the Demon King’s General is deemed to have been defeated. The guild won’t ask for the bounty money to be returned.
Hmm. It’ll take some time before the product is ready for retail. We can decide on the payment method then. Moi am a bit worried about the shop and will take moi leave now.
That’s great. Or else you’ll stink up my holy sanctuary. Go, get lost!
– These two have been acting this way ever since then.
I see. I finally understand why these two are acting like fake celebrities.
Anyway, it’s great that we have money. Since funding’s no longer a problem… Let’s do some grinding quests! We need to keep raising Kazuma’s level!
Ah? Don’t wanna, what are you saying? We already have so much money, why do we still need to work and raise levels? That doesn’t matter anymore.
… Ah?
Remember what happened last time? We prepared the equipment and drew up a battle plan, but I still died. I’ve decided. I won’t go adventuring anymore. I’ll work on my business from now on. I won’t do dangerous work like adventuring, but instead lead a stable, peaceful life.
Hey Kazuma-san, that won’t do. If the Demon King isn’t defeated, that would be a problem for me.
Then we’ll make more money and hire lots of powerful adventurers. They’ll help us raise our levels and then help in battling the Demon King. That’s right, we’ll lead an army of high level adventurers to invade the Demon King’s castle. How does that sound? Taking down the Demon King sounds much more realistic, right?
That’s right! As expected of Kazuma-san! We’ll slap the adventurers in the face with our money and squeeze their value dry. After they’ve whittled the Demon King’s health away, we’ll go in and deal the final blow!
That’s the way. As expected of the one who’s been with me the longest, you’re sharp.
I-I won’t acknowledge defeating the Demon King through the power of money! I won’t acknowledge it! What do you think the Demon King is?! The existence of Demon King requires training and leveling up with comrades, awakening your mysterious power, before finally taking him down after a hard-fought battle! What the heck do you mean by hiring high-level adventurers to defeat the Demon King?
No, that might be so, but considering it pragmatically, no matter how high our levels get, there’s still a limit. Even if I equip the most expensive equipment and get to a super high level, I’ll still definitely die to the Demon King in a single blow… After defeating the Demon King’s Generals and dispelling the barrier, how about hiring tons of high-level thieves and asking them to use the Lurk technique to assassinate the Demon King…?
What’s with this shameless fighting style? That should be the way the Demon King’s army fights, correct? Say something, Darkness! I have a feeling these two will get worse with each passing day… Darkness?
No… While watching Kazuma slowly turn into a bum, I’m curious how much of a jerk he’ll become… Will he laze around and drown himself in alcohol and women, and start splurging his money…? And in the end, he’ll say to me– ‘Hey Darkness, use your slutty body to earn me some cash…!’ With the belief that Kazuma would turn over a new leaf one day, I’ll start prostituting myself…!
There’s another depraved one over here! Ahhh, really, what should I do?!
Hey Megumin, don’t lump me together with that pervert. I’m someone who died recently, okay? I even broke my neck in the fight with the lizard runners, at least let me recover my wounds in peace.
Didn’t you hurt yourself after falling from the tree? Normally you would need time to heal, but didn’t you recover completely after receiving perfect treatment?
… I get it.
So, you understand. Well then, I’ll take a nap to recover earlier and get back to the frontlines. I made an appointment with Dust and the guys to go drinking tonight, so someone please wake me up in the evening.
… I get it. We’ll go to treat Kazuma’s wounds.
Treatment? It’s fine, I’ll get better after resting for a while.
Wait, what did you say?
Hot springs? Hey, are you talking about that? We’re going to the city of water and hot springs, Alcanretia?
Oh, hot springs. Sounds great. After consecutive battles with powerful enemies, I’m getting mentally tired. My debts are gone too. Splurging every now and then and taking a trip to the hot springs isn’t too bad.
Really, Kazuma-san, why are you acting so fake about this?
… I take it that Kazuma and Aqua are fine with the trip to the hot springs?
How about you, Darkness…?
– And after I become more and more depraved, I’ll say this! ‘Please don’t throw me away! I-I’ll do anything! Master… Ahhh!’
… It’ll be better to leave her to watch the house.
… Um, if Darkness doesn’t tag along, the journey there will be a bit hard…
It’s morning! Hey, how long are you going to sleep? Is everyone ready? Hurry and get up, move!
Of course, I’m ready to go! Really, those two keep saying I’m a bum, just how long are they planning to sleep?
Right! I’ll wake them up! Kazuma, you go to the carriage station and get the best seats for us.
Okay, leave it to me. But I’ll make a detour before going there.
Welcome!… Hmm, the brat whose active hours are similar to the undead. Why are you here so early in the morning? If you are looking for the owner, she has been burned to a crisp by moi punishment beam inside. Help yourself if you want to see her.
… Wiz is your employer, correct? Is it fine to do that?
Don’t joke with moi. If I allow the shop owner that collects junk free reign, we’ll be in the red even if moi works for a thousand years. She’ll bring in incredible goods when I’m not paying attention, wiping out all the revenue moi brings in.
No, actually… I’m looking for you today. I’ll be going on a hot spring trip, so I hope to discuss our business dealings after I return.
Oh, so it’s about that. The manufacturing line has not been set up yet, so you can look forward to your mixed bath.
I-I-I-I-I’m not looking forward to the mixed bath or anything, all right? My neck injury hurts, so I just want to go for treatment!… By the way, what are you packing? And why’s Wiz burned up?
That charcoal owner said while crying to moi, ‘This is an excellent product! It’ll sell! It’ll sell! So, Vanir-san, please don’t charge up your killer beam as you come near me!’. She was showing off this to moi. I’m planning to return it and I’m packing it into boxes… You want to buy it?
…? What is that, a magic item?
It seems to be able to help adventurers with the problem of going to the toilet outdoors. A magically compressed portable toilet that’ll be ready once you open the cover. To protect the privacy of the user, it’s designed to produce the sound of water.
That sounds great, isn’t that convenient?
The cons are that the sound to cover the privacy of the user is too loud and will attract monsters. The water creation mechanism is too powerful and will result in flooding…
Forget it then. Is there any magic item that you recommend?
Recommendations? How about the bottle that’ll explode once you open it, purchased by moi debt-ridden shop owner? Just thirty thousand eris for one. If you bring it to the bank and attempt to open it at the counter, you will get a large sum of money. How about one?
Who would want that? Aren’t there any normal magic items in this shop…?
The ditzy shop owner has extraordinary talent in buying things that can’t be used. She’ll buy weird things whenever moi isn’t paying attention…
… By the way, brat. You mentioned that you are going on a hot spring trip, correct?
…? Yes, what about it?
Can you bring this ditzy shop owner along with thee? To mass produce your products, moi needs a large amount of money soon. But with this thing in the shop, she’ll buy strange items and waste moi capital. This owner is only strong in her power as a lich. Moi foresight might seem powerful, but it can’t see the future of someone as strong as moi.
… So, you want me to watch over Wiz for a while? I’m fine with that, but I don’t know how the undead-hating Aqua will react…
… The shop owner who looked thin while wearing clothes actually loves the baths. This devil that can see through everything prophesizes: ‘During this trip, you have a good chance of entering a mixed bath’.
Leave it to me, I’ll take her there!
Hey, I thought I told you to save some seats for us… What’s that on your back?
Hmm? Eh, I’m fine with that. But this child’s fading away.
Hey, hey, is that really okay? Use recovery spell… Ah, that’ll have the opposite effect on the undead!
Calm down, Kazuma. Use Drain Touch and share your life force with her!
Traveling out of town, huh…? When I was little, my father brought me to the royal capital for the birthday of the princess. I haven’t left this territory since then… Um, what is it Kazuma? Why are you holding my hand– ahhh!?
Hmm…? Isn’t this Kazuma-san, this place is…?
You… You… You jerk! I was having a nostalgic moment, why must you do this every time…?
Ugu, I had no choice. This was an emergency! You have the most vitality among us, so it had to be you!
Customers! If you don’t get on now, I’ll leave you behind!
Hey Kazuma! Let’s take that carriage! My judgment says that riding that carriage will be awesome. By the way, I want the window seat. I want to sit in the place where I can see the scenery clearly. Hey Kazuma, go buy the tickets. Go do it now so no one else can buy the seats on the wagon!
… Hey gramps, why has one of the seats been taken? What is this? It’s so bothersome.
Customer, that’s a young red dragon. Its owner is on that carriage over there, but he paid the fees for this dragon. Even though it’ll be a bit uncomfortable, I’ll need one of the customers to move to the cargo compartment behind…
… And now, here’s the problem…
Rock-paper-scissors! I think that’s the best way to decide in this situation!
Um, well… I think I should go since I joined it out of the blue…
No Wiz. We should do this fairly. All right Aqua… Rock-paper-scissors, huh? No problem.
Huh?
Then let’s go! Rock-paper-scissors!
Who said it was by elimination? The rule is that the five of us keep playing until only one loser emerges.
That’s bullshit!
Hey Aqua, want to duel with me? I’ll play three rounds one-on-one with you. If you win just one time, I’ll go sit in the cargo compartment.
Really?… Kazuma’s an idiot, right? Do you even know what the laws of probability are? Kazuma’s chances of winning three in a row is astronomically low.
I’ve never lost in rock-paper-scissors.
– This isn’t right! Something is wrong! You must’ve cheated! Please, once more! If I lose again I’ll go sit in the cargo compartment!
Don’t go back on your words, okay? If you throw a tantrum again, I’ll tie you up with a rope.
So, you accept, right? No take backs Kazuma! I don’t know how you’re cheating, but if you want to play it that way, I have something up my sleeves too! Blessing!
Ah! That’s dirty!
Luck is part of one’s skill, including luck bestowed by magic! Let’s go! Rock-paper-scissors!
Why?!
Actually, I’ve never lost in rock-paper-scissors since I was little. It’s incredible.
Despicable! This is a scam! This is cheating, a cheat ability! You’re born with such a unique power? Then bringing me to this world as your cheat item is void! Send me back now! Let me go back to the heavens you shitty cheater!
Are you looking for a fight? You’re telling me my special power is ‘winning in rock-paper-scissors’? Are you stupid, how can I fight with monsters with such an ability? You want me to tell the Demon King, ‘Stop bothering the people if I win rock-paper-scissors’, you dumb broad?
But! But!!
The most infuriating thing is you claiming to be my cheat item! Don’t make me laugh, what kind of cheat is that? If I can exchange you for a unique cheat ability, I would’ve done it a long time ago!
Waaahhhh! You dare say that? That hurts! Stop pulling my cheeks!!
Kazuma-san! Kazuma-sama! My butt hurts. It really hurts. Isn’t it about time for someone to swap places with me!
I’ll trade places with you at the next resting stop. Just bear with it until that happens.
Wouldn’t it be better for me to change with her? By the way, why did Vanir-san suddenly ask me to go on vacation? Hehe… Vanir-san always shows his kindness in small ways like this. He’ll say, ‘Wiz, just sit at the counter and smile at the customers. Please don’t work.’ He cares deeply about me…
Hmm~? That strange masked man is a devil, but he takes such good care of others? Does he have some hidden motives?
… Hey, what is that?
Excuse me, I can see a cloud of dust coming our way. They are approaching really fast… Do you know what that could be?
Dust cloud? A creature in the vicinity that’s fast enough to kick up a cloud… sounds like the lizard runners, right? But I heard the princess runner that was leading the pack was defeated, so it might be a sand whale shooting out sand? The only other creature that fits the bill would be hawkite runners.
Hey, don’t look at me like that, customer. I didn’t come up with the name. This is a hybrid of a hawk and black kite, the king of birds. It’s a bird but it can’t fly. On the other hand, it has extraordinary leg power. It can run at high speed and will pounce on its prey, a very dangerous monster.
Don’t worry, customer. Like the lizard runners, these fellows’ mating season is during spring. To attract females during the bird’s mating season, the males will take part in a bravery contest known as a ‘Chicken Race’. They’ll sprint towards some hard object that looks like it’d be very painful if they crash into it, and then avoid it at the last moment. Some of them won’t be able to stop in time and die from the impact. These fellows have the instinct of searching for tough and hard objects. They’ll definitely crash into the trees or boulders beside them.
Excuse me, sorry for troubling you! I think they’re charging at us more energetically than before. Will it really be okay?
Kazuma! Some creatures are charging at us really rapidly! Or rather… I think they are staring at me! What… What a passionate gaze! Ah… Ah…! Oh no, Kazuma, this is bad! If this goes on, I’ll collide violently with that group speeding over here and get trampled…!!
So, it was you!!
Customer, I’ll pull over for now! That way, the escorts on the other carriages will protect this carriage and the customers!
Hey Darkness, those monsters are aiming for you. I hear they like to crash into tough and hard objects. They’re aiming at your rock-hard muscles.
Megumin, Aqua, we’re heading out! By right we don’t need to fight, but it’s kind of our fault that they are headed this way. We have to clean up after ourselves!
I’ll help too!
Vanir asked me to protect you! I know you’re strong, but stay in the carriage for now! Help me protect the driver!
Customer! Customer! You paid for the carriage ride! Please hide somewhere safe!
Adventurers! We’re counting on you!
Hey, that Crusader over there! You’re not an escort, so get back!
Hey! The monsters are heading straight for that Crusader…! It’s Decoy! Crusaders can use luring skills to aggravate the enemies! That Crusader isn’t an escort, but she’s still pulling all the enemies toward her!
Hey, that Crusader shows no sign of backing off in the face of so many enemies! So, so cool…! How… How brave…!
How can I let a paying customer, who isn’t even taking the salary for escort duty, face danger!? I’ll provide support, take this–Bind!
What?
Ugu? How disgraceful! To be bounded before the enemy! If this goes on…! I’ll be trampled by that group of monsters!
Could it be, she was afraid I would get targeted by the monster because of my skill, so she took the Bind in the place of the monster? I’m sorry! I wanted to support you but got in the way instead, forgive me!
Kazuma, Kazuma! It’s coming! The next one’s high! This is it this time! Ahhh, it’s going to crash!
Kazuma! Is this part of an anxiety play? Leaving the close shaves aside…! What’s going on? The horny males are jumping over me one after another…!
Hey, shut your mouth, there are other people watching!
All right, all right, well done. I’ll trade places with you after this is over.
Spells! The enemy moves fast, so use spells!
Lightning!
Blade of Wind!
Fire Ball!
Gramps, is there anything like a cliff around here?
No, there aren’t any cliffs around here… Aside from a cavern which provides shelter from sudden rain, there’s nothing around here.
Gramps, is that cavern nearby? If it is, let’s take the carriage there! Megumin, Aqua, get on!
Huh? Hey, what the hell; there are no knots? How in the world?!
Sorry! Once Bind is cast, it can’t be undone before the effect time is over! You can only cut the ropes one by one with something sharp like a knife…!
Kazuma! I don’t know what you’re planning to do, but don’t mind me, just drag me with you! This rope is tough enough, this is faster than cutting it one at a time! Don’t waste time, this is an emergency!
That’s true. But I don’t want you who made this mess to tell me that!
There are hawkites over there!
Hey, what should we do now? You’re too heavy, I can’t carry you onto the carriage alone!
Don’t… Don’t say I’m heavy. You need to specify that it’s my armor that’s heavy! Just tie me to the carriage with a rope and drag me along! It can’t be helped, this is an emergency! Don’t hold back, there’s no other way!
Hey, use this rope! Sorry for troubling you!
Customer, we have to go now! The carriage will get destroyed!
All right, let’s go gramps! Darkness, tell me if it’s too hard on you! I’ll undo the rope immediately!
Ahhh… I’m getting dragged by a horse while being bound by ropes…! And the males that are chasing after me while I’m like this…!
Hey Kazuma, Darkness, she–! I know Kazuma’s terrible, but this is too much!
This is going too far…
No, no! This isn’t my idea, it’s Darkness, she…!
Customer, what should I do? They’re heading this way! They’re gaining on us! Where should we go?
To the caverns! The caverns you mentioned just now!
Bottomless Swamp!
Um, ahhh… How, how shameful–! My armor’s clanking loudly! Ahhh, my cape’s all torn and tattered, how unnoble-like…! Don’t… Don’t look! Don’t look Kazuma, stop watching my torn and tattered appearance… Ahhh!
Heal! Heal!
Kazuma! I can see the caverns! I’m ready to cast my spell at any time!
All right, wait for my signal!
Gramps, stop the carriage when you see the caverns! Aqua, give me a strength buff spell!… Snipe! Snipe! Snipe!
Pihyororororoo!
Customer, we’re in front of the caverns! No one come here unless it’s raining, so you can go all out!… I’m braking, so grab onto something!
Ahhh? Good, such wonderful service! As expected of Kazuma! After dragging me with a horse, you’re now throwing me out as bait for the monsters… Ughh…?
Pihyororororoo!
Megumin! Now!
Explosion–!!
Here, eat more! Help yourselves! This is high-quality meat!
Speaking of which, that was splendid! To think we have such a great mage that can use Explosion with us…! And an Archpriest that can heal so many casualties so easily. And a brave Crusader who didn’t take a single step back in the face of the hawkite runners and took them all on…! The lady who created a swamp with high-level spells in an instant! Finally, your wise judgment to lure the enemies into the cavern to wipe them out! It’s perfect!
No, no, no, that was just a coincidence. Um… I’ve said it a number of times already, but we don’t need the payout for escort duties…
What are you saying? You were the ones that took out most of the hawkites!
No, no, no, really! I mean it! As adventurers, it’s only normal to participate in the fight in that situation! No need! We really can’t accept this!!
… What wonderful people you all are! My eyes have been opened! To think that there are still real adventurers like you all in this tough world !
It’s hard to do this when you all stare at me like that…
No, I think you’re repairing it perfectly. I think you can make a living as a blacksmith.
… Hmm, it feels great seeing my armor being fixed right before my eyes.
One more time! Aqua-sama, please do it again! Once more!
If you want money, I’ll pay! Please perform it once more!
… All right. Sleeping is fine, but please be ready to get up at any moment.
Hey, get up, Megumin. Wiz too, something seems off.
… Hey. Megumin, Wiz, wake up. If you don’t get up, I’ll do something that’ll make you too embarrassed to look at my face for several days. I don’t mind and won’t be troubled if you don’t get up. But with the excuse of waking you up, I won’t hold back. Can you not get up? All right.
How can it be all right? What are you planning to do?
Uwahhh!
… So, you really were planning to do something. No, putting that aside…
Hey, something’s coming! Everyone get up!
Hey, there are lots of them! They’re humanoid in shape but move too slow!
Wahhh!
Take care of her! I’ll get Aqua here, this is her time to shine!
Wahhh! What’s happening? Why am I surrounded by undead just when I wake up? Kazuma-san! Kazuma-sama!!
Attacking while I’m sleeping, how dare you undead! Lost souls, rest in peace–Turn Undead!
Ah, fu, hahaha, count yourselves unlucky to have shown up while this lady’s here! I’ll purify all of you from head to toe!
… Sorry…
What a beautiful priestess…! She’s just like a goddess!!
Ahhh, the zombies are being purified one by one…! This lady’s the comrade of the Crusader who protected us during the day…!
It’s rare for zombies to attack, but luckily that Archpriest-sama is here!
Easy peasy~ How’s that Kazuma? I’m a model goddess! I’ve been actively performing during this trip, right? It’s about time you give me an offering or two!
Ahhh!! Be strong Wiz! Someone… Wiz, she…!
Oh, you saved us again! I must give you all a reward this time!
Well then, please enjoy your vacation in the city of hot springs! Thank you everyone, you’ve been of great help!
Ahhh… Jarippa… Jarippa’s leaving…
What’s a Jarippa?
Could it be that baby dragon? Speaking of which, one of the customers that looked rather rich asked Megumin to help them name the dragon.
I heard that after a dragon’s named, it’ll ignore any other name it’s given…
The child seemed satisfied with the name Jarippa. I left the note with the dragon’s name on it. I hope the owner will cherish it dearly.
Can’t you change your hobby of giving things weird names? It’s about time you Crimson Demons understand how weird your naming senses are.
I fully understand Kazuma has no naming sense at all. It’s such a pity. Kazuma is a pretty nice name. If Kazuma has children in the future, let me name them.
I’ll never let you do that… Wait, what did you say about my name? Is Kazuma a good name by Crimson Demon standards? Hey, that makes me depressed.
We’re finally here! The city of water and hot springs; Alcanretia!
Welcome to Alcanretia! Are you here for sightseeing? To join the cult? To adventure? For baptism? If you’re looking for a job, please come to the Axis Cult! We have an opening right now to explain how wonderful the Axis Cult is. We are offering some very attractive compensations right now. If you take this job, you’ll get the privilege of calling yourself an Axis cultist! Come, come, come, join us!
What beautiful blue hair! Were you born this way? How enviable! I’m so envious of you! This hagoromo looks like the one Aqua-sama wears, it suits you well too.
Hey, don’t tell them you’re the real goddess of water. It’ll get us into big trouble. And don’t use your real name, use an alias.
I know that Kazuma, I’m not a dummy. Let’s go tour around! This is the city of water and hot springs; Alcanretia! As the goddess of water, I’m very excited! Most importantly, this is the main base of the Axis Cult!
?
Sorry, we already have a priestess from the Axis Cult. We’re here for sightseeing, see you…
Is that so? Then farewell comrades! May you have a wonderful day!
Welcome to Alcanretia! After joining the Axis Cult, many believers were cured of their illness, won the lottery and became skilled in their artistic talents! What do you think, want to join us?
… An-Anyway, let’s head to the hotel. I feel a bit guilty about this, but since we have the coupons, it’ll be a waste not to use them.
Please go on ahead everyone! I’ll go to the headquarters as an Archpriest and receive their worship!
… Kazuma, I’m a bit worried about Aqua, so I’ll accompany her. Can you help us bring our luggage to the hotel?
Welcome! The master has already informed us about your visit! Please enjoy your stay!
What about you Darkness? Since we’re here on vacation, I plan to go sightseeing and come back around dinner time.
Yeah, I’ll go too. I don’t know cities other than Axel well.
Customer, people will doubt your taste if you make purchases in such a cheap shop. Here, these are Arcane buns made from all-natural ingredients by the elves. It matches your high class status, try a sample.
Hey, don’t be cocky, jerk! Things that are expensive might not be good! Customer, try my special dwarf meat bun. It’s full of meat and will remain edible for a long time, a specialty that gives good value for money!
Elf…! And dwarf…! Hey Kazuma, there are elves and dwarves here! They look just like the stories I heard when I was little.
Oh, indeed. The elves were handsome and the dwarves stubborn.
Look what you did, the customer’s confused. He’s just here to look around, and now he is at a loss because you pressured him. Back off, lowly dwarf.
Stop your bullshit! The customer wants to browse my wares, he’s troubled because you’re bothering him! He wants to buy my goods, so scram, pale green elf!
Hey, don’t fight! Um, I’ll buy from both shops, so it’s fine!
Thank you for your patronage!
– Kazuma, the relationships between elves and dwarves is really bad! It’s just like the book my father gave to me when I was young!
Yup, they give off the feeling of being ‘real elves and dwarves’… Oh , I forgot to ask them about the places we could visit when I bought this stuff.
Hey you two, don’t fight–!
Ah, customer. This is the staff break room, non-staff can’t come in.
Oh, this–let me be clear. I’m a real elf, not a fake.
… Eh, what’s going on here?
Oh, well, elves in the forest don’t live together with humans and so their ears are long. For elves like me who live among humans, there’ll be interracial children over time, so our ears gradually become rounder. But if I say I’m an elf before the customers, they might be surprised or disappointed since it differs from what their impression are. That’s why I dressed up like a pure-blooded elf.
As for me, having a beard will cause hygiene problems. And I only work in the shop until evening. I prepare meals for the hotel guests in the morning and evening. It would be terrible if the customers complain about finding beard hair in their meal… Ah, are you thinking that we might still be quarreling? Sorry, that fight’s a performance we put on every day. After all, the rumor says that dwarves and elves hate each other, so we made use of that…
Ah… Sorry about that, did we break your dreams?
Customer, thinking too much isn’t good for your health. There are definitely clumsy dwarves and elves poor in bowmanship in this world.
Hey, hey, are you referring to me?
Forget it, I won’t ask for a refund or anything. Can you tell me about some sightseeing spots to visit? I’m here to ask that.
Sightseeing spot… Eh, there was a wonderful hot spring earlier…
Yup, it would’ve been great if you came earlier…
…? I thought there were hot springs everywhere. This is the city of hot springs, after all.
I’m talking about the mixed gender hot springs popular among the young ladies.
Are you for real?
Of course, it’s true. We relax there after work every day.
Actually, the water quality of hot springs everywhere is dropping.
That is so, some of the customers even fell sick and developed rashes after going to the hot springs… Some even fainted. Experts have already been hired to investigate why the quality of the hot spring water is going down, but it’s still unclear…
– How was it? Any good places to visit?
An-Anyway, let’s tour around there.
Oh? What should I do, the apples I bought…!
There’s a cafe set up by the Axis Cult ahead, want to head there and chat with me?
… Forget it.
No need to hurry, I might look like this, but I’m actually great at fortune telling. Let me tell your fortune to repay you.
No, no need… I’m good, let… Let go!
The fortune telling results are out! Misfortune will befall you if you continue like this! However, you can avoid misfortune by joining the Axis Cult! Come join us! How can you not join?
I’m already meeting with misfortune right now! Let me go! Help me Darkness!
Sorry, I belong to the Eris Church. Please stop coercing this man.
Pui!
… Pui!
Hey Darkness, um… How should I put this? The Axis Cult and Eris Church seem to be on bad terms, so keep that amulet hidden… And don’t take this matter to heart…
… Ugh…
… No.
Hya! Save me! You two over there, please help me! This man who’s probably an Eris devotee wants to drag me to a deserted corner…!
Hehe, do you happen to be an Axis cultist? Hahaha! If I see a strong and handsome Axis cultist, I’ll run away. Since you aren’t, I’ll proceed unhesitantly! If you want to stop me, who has been blessed by the dark goddess Eris, you’ll regret it!
Ahhh, why’s this happening to me! If someone signs this blank cult registration form, this evil Eris devotee will run away–!
Ahhh, are the two of you leaving me to die? It’ll be fine, just sign here and you’ll receive special powers from Aqua-sama and become powerful and cool! The Eris devotees will run in fear from this power!
That’s right! And after joining the cult, you’ll gain incredible abilities like ‘art and craft master’ and ‘attract undead monsters’ easily!
As you can see, I’m a follower of Eris. Defaming Eris-sama as a dark goddess before me is–
Pui!
Congratulations! You’re the one millionth person to pass through this street! Allow me to present you with a memento! This memento is sponsored by the Axis Cult! To collect this memento, you have to join the cult as a formality–you just need to write it on paper, would that be fine?
… Hmm? Hmm? Long time, no see! It’s me, it’s me! How’ve you been? I was in the same class as you back in school, don’t you remember? I changed a lot after joining the Axis Cult, no wonder you can’t recognize me~
… What’s with this city, or rather–what’s wrong with the Axis Cult?
Ah, Eris devotee customer, this is the special service from this shop.
Please enjoy yourselves!
… Hey Kazuma, let’s stay in this city forever.
… No.
Ah… Thank you, Onii-chan, Onee-chan…
Are you okay? Be careful next time, can you stand?
Uhmm, I’m fine! Thank you! … Hey, kind Onii-chan, can you tell me your name?
Kazuma, Satou Kazuma. This scary looking Onee-chan here is Darkness.
Sa–tu– Ka–za–mah? How’s it spelled? Please write it down for me Onii-chan.
Okay, my name is…
Fuck you!
Onii-chan–!!
Hey! Get me the person in charge! I’ll teach you all a lesson!
Oh, how may I help you? Joining us? Baptism? Or… Do. It. With. Me?
Do, do what…?
Don’t be shy, I’m just kidding. Why would a girl you just met say that? Is there something wrong with your head?
How may I assist you? The leading priest Zesta-sama and the other cultists are busy playing around under the guise of spreading the cult… No, they’re busy spreading the holy name of Aqua-sama. If you’re looking for them, please come another day…
Hey, you said something incredible just now. You’re causing so much trouble just to have fun?… Forget that for now, did you happen to see a female mage with an eye-patch and an Archpriest with blue hair? They’re my teammates.
Oh, so you’re a teammate of that great person. Your two teammates are inside.
By the way, your comrade there… The kids are throwing stones at her, will it be fine to leave her like this?
Hmm? … Ah! Hey, brats! What are you doing? Shoo, go away!
Ka-Kazuma… I think this city’s the best… Everyone, even the women and children glare at me as if I’m an enemy…! I’m going to lose it…!
Sigh, you better not wander around on the streets. You create way too much trouble. And put that Eris amulet away.
I refuse.
One of your teammates is in there. All the priests in the church are out right now, so this Archpriest is covering for them and hearing confessions.
Kazuma, I’ll search for Megumin. I’ll leave Aqua to you.
Oh, I beg your pardon. I saw the Eris amulet and thought it was trash, sorry about that.
… No, no, it’s fine…
Welcome, lost sheep… Come, confess your sins, the goddess will listen to you and grant you compassion…
Sheep your head, it’s me! Hey, what’s up with this city? It makes my head hurt. I can’t even sightsee properly. Aren’t they your believers? Can’t you do something about this?
… I see, this is the ‘It’s me, it’s me’ scam… Please repent seriously and deeply. The merciful lady Aqua will definitely forgive your sins…
Hey, I already said it’s me. Why are you still telling me nonsense? What, are you enjoying this? You’re tickled that you get to do something priestly for once, aren’t you?
Do you have anything else to confess? If not, please leave this room and live a forthright life…
Hey, haven’t you played enough? Listen to me! Aren’t you one of those Archpriests that are revered around here? The problem will be solved if you give the word, so go ask them to buck up!
I think you have nothing else to confess… Well then, I’ll wait for the next sheep to come… Please leave.
Hey, what are you talking about…? You’re chasing me out…?
I said leave! If your confession’s done, then get the hell out!
… Actually… I have something I need to tell you, priestess-sama.
? I’ll listen, I’ll listen! Here, here! I’ll share your confession, so repent! Do you have an unhealthy interest in your Crusader teammate’s underwear? Or the urge to plunge your nose into your mage companion’s black hair and sniff hard? Or the sins of treating your beautiful and elegant priestess comrade so crudely, even though you’re just a hikikomori?
Actually, I accidentally broke the glass my priestess teammate used for party tricks. I repaired it with rice and put it back secretly.
?
… Also, she was bragging after getting her hands on some rare, fine wines, so I wondered just how nice they were and tried a little… But it was too tasty, so I finished it all. I know she can’t appreciate wine, so I filled the empty wine bottles with cheap wine.
? What are you saying, Kazuma? Hey, what is all this about?
… That priestess caused me too much trouble… So, before I came to this city, I secretly posted a request in the adventurer’s guild to look for a new priestess of the Eris church.
Wahhh! You renegade, taste my holy wrath!
– Really, calm down. I was just joking. Anyway, Darkness and I got a headache dealing with these cultists. There’s no way we can tour around in peace like this. They’re your devotees, right? So rein them in.
It can’t be helped. This is the first time I’m facing my believers face to face… Anyway, you were lying about searching for a new priestess, right?
Leaving the first two aside, the last one’s a lie, so don’t worry.
Hey, hold it! Did you just say, ‘Leaving the first two aside’?
Is it fine for me to be here?
Welcome, lost sheep… Come, confess your sins; the goddess will listen to you and grant you forgiveness…
Ah…. Please, please, hear my confession! I’ve been in the Axis Cult for a very long time and fervently worship Aqua-sama. But…! The drawing of goddess Eris, and those bountiful breasts… They’re enticing me! Those are the breasts of the devil! Ahhh… Please, please, forgive me for the sin of lusting over another goddess…!
Don’t worry, the goddess will forgive all your sins. Thou, give in to your love to big breasts. Thou, give in to your love to small breasts. The Axis Cult is a cult that accepts everything. Be it homosexuals, animal ear lovers, lolicons, or NEET; as long as it isn’t undead or devils, if there’s love and it’s not a crime, the goddess will grant compassion to all.
Ohhh… Ahhh…
Thou sincere cultist, I’ll bestow you with a holy incantation that will spare you from the clutches of the devil. ‘Eris pads her chest’–whenever you feel lost again, just repeat this incantation. If you see someone troubled like you, do tell them this too.
Eris pads her chest… I, I feel like my eyes have been opened! Thank you for your wonderful incantation, thank you very much!
… Hey Aqua, you’re slandering your junior. Is that really adequate for a goddess?
What are you talking about? For a goddess, the beliefs from the devotees are very important. It’ll directly affect the power of the goddess. Eris has a lot of devotees, while my believers are fewer in numbers but stronger in their belief. I’m willing to do anything to protect my precious cultists.
Kazuma… You’re finally here…
Hey, what happened, you look really pale.
This is like the home of the devils, let’s leave right now. I want to get away as soon as possible.
What… What in the world happened?
Are you going back already, Archpriest-sama? Want to visit the hot spring reserved for our cultists? This is the main source of income for the Axis Cult, the best hot spring in the city. Using it will improve your health.
Oh, that’s a great idea. What does everybody think, want to go together?
I want to return to the hotel and rest… And for some reason, Chomusuke’s very afraid of this church. Could it be this child hates churches?
I’m going back too. There’s no telling what troubles there’ll be when the other Axis cultists return. Let’s go back, I had enough for today.
Is there a mixed bath here?
You’ll receive divine retribution for saying something so despicable in a holy church.
Ah, welcome back everyone! Sorry for making everyone worry. I’ve already bathed and the staff told me where the mixed bath is. It’s much wider there. And there was no one there at all, as if I had booked the whole place for myself.
So, did everyone have fun sightseeing…? Kazuma-san, what’s the matter?
Ahhh, ten minutes… At least five minutes earlier and… No, no, no, I didn’t say anything!… Eh, nothing happened during our sightseeing today… I don’t want to leave the hotel tomorrow; this city’s weird.
The Axis cultists are too scary. I understand now why people say they’re as scary as the Crimson Demons.
I-I plan to tour around tomorrow, too…
You, you really… Sigh. Do what you want, I’m going to take a bath.
… I’m going to bathe now.
I heard you, take your time.
I already bathed, so please take your time Kazuma-san.
… I’m going to b–
Just go.
That damn cult’s finally going to be destroyed. The work in destroying the secret hot spring is now complete; the progress in the other hot spring is also proceeding smoothly. Now, we just need to wait. For us who have long lifespans, waiting a decade or two’s no big deal.
Hans, you don’t need to report such things one by one, I’ve already said this plenty of times. I’m here to recover using the hot springs, so don’t drag me in too.
Hey, don’t say that Wolbach. This is a great chance to destroy the cult we have no chance of defeating head on. I’ll come here to report periodically, so you have to keep visiting the hot spring in this hotel.
?
Did he hear what we said…?
No idea… And he’s staring at me…
… Hey, he seems to be only looking at me. What’s going on…?
… Eh, well… He doesn’t seem to have heard what we discussed. That isn’t a suspicious gaze, but one filled with curiosity.
Hey, hey, this is…
It… It’s better than being suspected by him. Ah, I have something to do, so I’ll make a move first!
… Um, you don’t seem to be a resident of this city. Are you here on vacation?
You could say it’s a vacation. I’m here with my teammates to enjoy the hot springs.
What a coincidence… I’m here for the hot spring too. But you seem so young… why are you here? To recuperate through the hot spring? Are you injured?
That’s correct. I might look this way, but I’m an adventurer. After a fight to the death with a powerful adversary, my neck suffered a serious injury. You could say this is like a badge of honour for men.
As for me… While I was fighting my other half, I couldn’t snatch my powers back completely. So, to recover my original powers, I’m here for therapeutic hot spring baths.
I think the mage in my team will be excited if you tell her that.
Hahaha, is your teammate a Crimson Demon? I wonder how that Crimson Demon girl’s doing. I even taught her magic… I won’t need to take a bath in the hot spring if I find my other half. However, it won’t be so easy to do so.
Well then, it’s about time I return… Also, maybe it’s better if you don’t visit the hot springs here anymore.
… Ah, um. Can you please not watch my defenseless body when I get out…
Don’t mind me.
Sigh… Such a wonderful hot spring city, and such a waste. I’ll have to search for a new place to recuperate…
Woah! The hot spring in our hotel is huge, as expected of a high class hotel! This is big enough for a swim!
Hey, Megumin, it’s poor etiquette to swim… Hey, what are you doing? The towel is… Ahhh!
This isn’t a mixed bath, so why are you being so shy? Adventurers have to take on dirty jobs all the time, so how can you be so squirmy!
No, that way of putting it is too weird! Megumin, you’re too bold! Ahhh, not my towel…!
Phew… It’s great to soak in a hot spring occasionally. I only wanted to drag the lazy Kazuma out and let him grind levels by fighting the undead Aqua would attract. It seems that choosing this place was the right move.
So that was why you told him to come here and recuperate in the hot springs. It’s true… If we had continued staying in Axel, he would’ve never agreed on participating in quests. What kind of man is he anyway? He’s conservative and timid, but doesn’t care about the status of others and has a strong attitude against the nobles… He gets chased around by frogs, but has the guts to fight the boss of the Demon King’s army. Rather than strange, he’s a confounding guy.
Shhh! Darkness, don’t say anymore. The mixed bath is on the other side. Given the choice of the male bath and a mixed bath, which one do you think Kazuma would choose?
Definitely mixed bath. That coward always holds back at the crucial moment. However, when he has a legal choice, he’ll openly choose the mixed bath.
Kazuma! You’re there, right? You must be sticking your ear against the wall and imagining which part of the body Darkness washes first and panting in excitement, right?
Me-Megumin! Why are you dragging me into this…? Hey Kazuma, you heard that, right? I know you’re there!
That’s strange, is he not there? But that’s impossible…
Eh… But no one’s answering…
It seems Kazuma’s really not there. That makes me feel guilty for suspecting Kazuma. I’ll nonchalantly treat him to some fruit juice later.
True, that was rude of me. We were blinded by our prejudice of him.
Anyway, he’s rather dependable. I have to repent on suspecting him…
That’s right. He might be like that, but he’s a man who’ll help when his comrades are really in danger. Aside from not being straightforward sometimes, his personality isn’t bad. I should reflect on myself…
By the way Megumin, it has been bothering me… Your buttocks there…
Hey, even if you’re the one saying that… I won’t forgive you if you go on!
Hey…! Wait…!
Really! What’s with this pair of lecherous things? If you can spare the effort to notice my butt, why don’t you keep those large things of yours away?
Ahhh! Wait! Me-Megumin, stop…! No, not there, ahhh…!
Now!
Pu!
Shya?
What did I tell you? This man’s definitely here!
As I expected! My guess was spot on, he always looks at me with such lecherous eyes! How could that man full of lust not be in the mixed bath!
Create Water!
Hyaaa!!
Hey! Don’t throw the cat over! It almost fell into the water!
That child hate baths, and I’m scratched all over after bathing it. As compensation for eavesdropping, give it a bath!
Hey, it’s such a rare occasion to visit a hot spring. Why can’t we go in together like a family? I’ve already bathed with the two of you before, so you won’t feel shy about it now, right?
That man always treats us like a burden, and will only spout nonsense about being companions at a time like this!
I can’t tell if you’re a jerk or a lecherous pervert anymore!
That… That’s so mean! I…! I didn’t do anything…! I only visited the bath!
Aqua-sama, how terrible… Um, please don’t cry anymore! When your tears touch my skin, it starts tingling. It hurts…
What is it now? Today’s a bad day, trouble keeps coming one after another!
What do you mean by bad day? What trouble? Why are you blaming everything on me?
Um… Aqua-sama went to the secret hot spring of the Axis Cult, and the hot spring there turned into normal warm water. After that…
They chased me out! But I’m a goddess! Why must I be chased out of the church worshiping me? That’s too horrible!
And…! The thing that made me angry was when I told the hot spring manager, ‘Sorry for turning the hot spring into warm water, but it can’t be helped since I’m the goddess Aqua herself!’, the manager… The manager, he… He laughed with a, ‘Pfft’!… I’m the goddess! That’s me!
… Pfft.
Waaahhh!!
This city’s crisis appears to be serious.
You’ve been acting this way ever since you cried the whole night. Aren’t your body traits the most dangerous thing for this city? Don’t you dare use any other hot spring except for the one that comes along with the room.
Listen to me! I didn’t purify the hot spring because I wanted to! Even if you pour all the high-quality shower foam Darkness was keeping in the bathroom into the bath water, I can purify it in an instant. It’s normal for me to purify a hot spring.
What? You used all the shower foam? They were luxury items I ordered from the capital!
But this is weird; I took a really long time to purify the secret hot spring of the Axis Cult. My purification power is beyond amazing… For example, …
… You see?
As you can see, I only need an instant to purify it. However, it took really long that time. This must mean that the hot spring was heavily polluted… I heard the water quality in all the hot springs was turning worse, right? That means the threat my Axis Cult will face isn’t a direct assault from the Demon King’s army, but a strike against the Axis Cult’s source of income–the hot springs!
Is that so? How amazing.
Believe me! I’m telling the truth!
Anyway, it’s just the water quality of a few hot springs turning bad, right? Why would you link it to the Demon King’s army?
Indeed, the Axis Cult is weird, does dumb things, and is unpopular with people, but the Demon’s King army won’t do something so troublesome because of that, right?
I’ll fight to defend this city! I hope everyone can give me a hand!
I need to go sightseeing, I don’t have time for this.
I experienced how scary Axis cultists are already, so I’ll pass this time. I’ll follow Kazuma today.
Why? Something like sightseeing can be done any other day! Megumin too? Don’t hate my devotees! Hey, Darkness…
Eh… I, um… Well…
Pleaseee!
All right, all right, I’ll go! I’ll accompany you, all right! Don’t purify my grape juice!
Hey, is Wiz still sleeping? Wiz can’t handle you at all, but she’ll follow if you tell her to.
Oh, after held onto Wiz and cried the entire night, I found her on the verge of dying because of my tears. She’s recuperating in bed right now.
Save Wiz first before you try and save the city! Wiz has been sleeping most of this trip because of you!
If there’s no good place to go, let’s head outside to cast Explosion.
We are on vacation, let’s take a break from that.
Good morning… Ughh, everyone’s up so early…
Good morning, are you feeling better? I heard you almost disappeared because of Aqua.
Yes, I even saw my teammates from my time as an adventurer waving at me from the other side of the river, shouting, ‘Don’t come over’… But I made it through in the end.
Wiz, do you have any plans for today? Megumin and I will be making a trip to the outskirts of the city.
I don’t have anything particular in mind… Do you two want to leave the city? The monsters around here are strong, all right? If you don’t mind, allow me to tag along.
Please do! Oh, it feels much safer being with a real mage.
Hey, tell me why I’m a ‘fake’ mage!
Hey, Wiz, when you mentioned your teammates from your time as an adventurer, I wanted to ask you… Why did you turn into a lich? This might sound inappropriate–but I feel Wiz is one of the very few normal people residing in Axel. Why did the famous adventurer go against the will of the gods and become a lich?
That’s true… It’s a long story, but I’ll explain to everyone when Aqua-sama’s present too.
Let’s talk about it with Aqua present then
All right, let’s invite Vanir-san to hear it too. When I was still an adventurer, I had a deadly fight with him.
Hey, how old were you when you turned into a lich? It sounded like a long time ago…
I was about twenty.
No wonder, your appearance is about that age too. How long have you been like this? Eh, how old are you now?
Twenty, my age won’t increase after becoming a lich.
…? No, that…
I’m forever twenty.
… Is, is that so?
By the way, I have something to ask you… Aside from Wiz, is there anyone else in the Demon King’s army who can use Explosion? Um… Do you know of a big breasted onee-san who can use Explosion?
No, as far as I know, I’m the only one who can use Explosion in the Demon King’s army. Also, it’s been a long time since I visited the Demon King-sama’s castle. Therefore, I’m not sure about newcomers who’ve joined after that…
I see, that’s great…
Hey, what’s this about a big breasted onee-san? Don’t leave me hanging, explain it clearly.
Why you… It’s nothing important. One of the reasons I visited Axel was because I heard there was a female mage that could use Explosion there. It seemed like that rumor was referring to Wiz.
Hmm? Then explain in detail what that has to do with big breasts?
At least say the whole thing. She’s a big-breasted female mage. I want to be just like her. One day, we’ll meet again…
You want to be just like her…? Do you mean the size of your breasts?
I’ll kill you.
… Hmm? I think I have seen that person somewhere before…
Hey Megumin, Wiz! Let’s hurry and cast the spell, then go sightseeing!
That’s true, let’s get the routine work out of the way and enjoy the tour! Wiz is here today, so I feel very safe! Just find some monsters and cast Explosion on them!
Ahhh, Kazuma-san, you don’t need to rush!… Hmm, who was that man?
Let’s go into the forest! There must be lots of monsters there! Let’s hurry and kill them all!
Yup, there are tons of them, and they already detected our presence… So why aren’t they attacking?
Because we came out from Alcanretia, they are wary of us. Most of the residents there are from the Axis Cult… I heard monsters tend to shy away from Axis cultists.
If there’s any other reason… It’s probably because I’m here too. They instinctively avoid me. I’m a lich, after all.
Ughh… It can’t be helped. Let’s settle this quickly. I wanted to cast it amid monsters and raise my level as well, but…
Explosion!
Hmm… Let’s go back then. Kazuma, please carry me.
Can’t you make things easier for me? It always turns out like this. I’ll share some mana with you, so walk yourself.
Hoho, there were a few hidden kobolds who got caught in the explosion. The adventurer card says I defeated kobolds today.
… Hmm? Something’s running this way. My Detect Enemy skill tells me that it’s really fast.
Oh? It’s coming even after hearing the sound of my Explosion?
Grrrrr!
Wiz, Wiz! Quick, think of something!
Kazuma use Snipe, Snipe! It’s still far away, so shoot it with Snipe!
I left my equipment at the hotel!
How could you be so careless? That’s why your level is so low!
You jerk, who do you think attracted all the monsters here?! Do you want me to drain all your mana and leave you behind?!
I’ll take care of it, so the two of you calm down! Leave it to me and get back!
Hey Wiz? Hey, hey–Wiz!
Ahhh!
… Eh?
… Oh right, other than attacks from weapons enchanted by magic, all physical attacks against a lich are harmless. Also, liches have Drain Touch, which absorbs their opponent’s life force, and can causes all sorts of abnormal status effects–poison, paralysis, sleep and curse, with a touch. For Wiz, she can defeat the enemy without using magic.
Phew… Let’s return to the city.
What’s happening? An event of some kind?
This is a tourism city after all, maybe they invited some celebrities to perform and entertain the visitors.
… It’s Aqua-sama. What’s she doing?
My beloved Axis cultists! Right now, the Demon King’s army is conducting destructive attacks on this city!
By destructive attacks, I’m referring to the poisoning of the city’s hot springs! I’ve already confirmed that many of the hot springs were hit!
I’ve never heard of that. I just bathed in that hot spring there and it seems to be fine.
That’s because I purified the poison in all of the hot springs. Yes, all the hot springs in the vicinity have been purified by me. However, we can’t let our guards down just yet! Everyone, please don’t visit the baths before this incident is concluded!
This is the city of hot springs, priestess-san. If you forbid the customers from visiting the hot springs, how can we conduct business?
That’s right, and why would the Demon King’s army poison a place like this?
They did this to cut off the tourism income for this city and crush the source of income of the Axis Cult! That’s right, the Demon King’s army fears the Axis cultists! I won’t allow them to stir any trouble just because they’re jealous of our hot springs! Please, faithful believers of the Axis Cult–
Ah! So, there you are! Hey, what did you do to my hot spring? It’s just warm water now!
Ah, that’s her all right! She dares to show her face around here! Hey–everyone! Grab her! She’s turning the hot springs in this city into warm water, how evil!
Yeah, she might be a dog of the Demon King’s army sent here to destroy the Axis Cult!
No, wrong! There’s a reason for this, let me explain! The hot springs I purified were poisonous! I admit that some of the normal hot springs might’ve been purified too, but this was for the sake of everyone…
If this is true, then you should’ve told us earlier! And even if you did purify the hot springs, it’s still impossible to purify such a large number! You must’ve sneaked in when no one was around, right? Using that chance, you drained all of the hot springs’ water away and replaced it with warm water for showering, right?!
That, that’s not–! Because if others saw me perform the purification, my real identity would’ve been exposed! That would cause a huge commotion…!!
Hey Megumin, Wiz! Let’s get out of here before she notices us! We have to pretend we don’t know her, understand?!
Hmm? She’s already made this big of a mess and you’re planning to abandon her?! It can only be settled if you intervene. Kazuma, hurry up and do something!
Aqua-sama’s going to cry, you know? Kazuma-san, if this goes on…
Is rumor-mongering all you can do?! The situation’s serious now! And who are you anyway? Are you really a minion of the Demon King?
Eh? No, I’m not! Hey Darkness, don’t just stand there, say something! And say the lines like I told you to– ‘Axis Cult, Axis Cult’s depending on you!’ Say it, don’t be shy, go on!
A-Axis Cult… Is… Depend…
Ahhh, really! All right, I’ll tell you who I am! Devoted Axis cultists, my name’s Aqua! That’s right, the object of your worship, the goddess Aqua! My beloved believers, I’m here in the mortal world to save you all!
… Okay, let’s go, quick! Megumin!
… This is bad. It might’ve been salvageable earlier, but it’s a gone case now. Let’s run!
Wait, wait–Kazuma-san! Megumin-san! What about Aqua-sama and Darkness-san…?
Don’t joke about this you heretic!
Do you think you can impersonate Aqua-sama just because you have blue hair and eyes?! You’ll receive divine retribution!
Death penalty! Tie her up and throw her in the lake! If she really is Aqua-sama, then she won’t die even if she’s thrown into the water!
Wahhh! No!! I’m telling the truth, I’m really Aqua!!
Ahhh! No, don’t throw stones…! No, no…! Aqua, hide behind me quick!
…….
Hey, where are the two of you going off to? Aqua-sama, she…!
Wahhh!
A-Aqua-sama, I brought you some warm milk. Take a sip and cool down…
That’s so cruel! I-I worked so hard for everyone! Why must I be pelted with stones by my own believers? Wahhh!
Aqua-sama, please… Please calm down! Or else, your aura when you’re upset will cause me to disappear–!
… I want to drink wine.
You’re not upset at all, right?
No matter what, there’s definitely some sort of sabotage being conducted. Many of the hot springs I visited had been seriously contaminated. If the customers were to have visited these baths, they would’ve definitely fallen ill.
Since Aqua, whose only saving grace are her priestly powers, said so… Then it must be true, right? But we can’t find the culprit this way.
That’s true. Let’s just go to the adventurer’s guild and the hot springs’ management to make a report, and we’ll leave the rest to them.
Wooo… But if this goes on, my cute believers will…
I’ll give you a hand tomorrow… But I won’t participate in any fights, all right? If we can find the culprit, we’ll hand it over to the adventurer’s guild to resolve it. Will that be fine?
Well then, I’ll wait in the hotel. Please be careful.
Anyway, how will we know who the culprit is? Even if we find someone suspicious, we’ll have to catch him in the act for it to be convincing.
Hehe, leave it to me! I’ve already thought of a way to find the culprit! Listen, the culprit will visit several hot springs in a day. Visiting as a customer will be the least suspicious way of doing it.
We’ll then ask all the managers of the hot springs which customers they had the deepest impression of–I’ve already distributed survey forms to them…
You’re really working hard on this…
I see… No matter how much someone loves the hot springs, bathing several times in one go would be suspicious. By collating the customer that frequents the most from the managers, we can lock on to the target, right?
Also, if something happens to the hot spring that person frequents, it means he must be the culprit.
That’s the idea! Come, let’s collect the survey forms back.
– The results of the survey are out! The features of the most frequent customer are…
A woman with blue hair and eyes, wearing a light-purple hagoromo.
So, you’re the culprit.
Wrong! Wait! I did visit a lot of hot springs, but that was to purify the water! Let’s look at the survey about the water quality turning bad, the last one to visit is the most suspicious!
A woman with blue hair and eyes changed the hot spring water into warm water as a practical joke…
… Isn’t that also you?
Why? What’s going on? This is useless!
No, hold on!
Look, this ‘man with tanned skin and brown hair’ was second in his visit frequency to Aqua. Does he like hot springs that much?
So, he’s the criminal, as expected. He’s a tall man with bulging muscles.
… Hey, wait, what do you mean by ‘as expected’? Do you know someone like that? Were you secretly worried for me and investigated, even though you kept saying it was troublesome? Is Kazuma a tsundere?
No, the first day we came to this city… I met this guy by chance in the hot spring saying, ‘That damn cult’s finally going to be destroyed. The work in destroying the secret hot spring’s complete; the progress in the other hot springs are also proceeding smoothly. Now, we just need to wait. For us who have long lifespans, waiting a decade or two’s no big deal.’… Wahhh! What are you doing? Stop!
Why didn’t you say so earlier? If you had told me earlier, I wouldn’t have needed to work so hard!
Hey, stop it! I’m here to bathe in the hot spring and recuperate! Why must I be dragged into troublesome matters all the time?! Why would I plunge my head straight into trouble?
This man finally admitted it! Do you not have any pride as an adventurer?! No matter how you look at it, that’s the scene of the Demon King’s army scheming!
Aqua, I’ll hold this trash down. You beat him up good!
Hey wait, stop! You really want to go? Don’t blame me for not holding back!
Wooo… I was ravaged… He actually fought back…
What a petty man…
It’s troubling to suddenly ask us to do that. We can’t simply arrest this person with just your one-sided account. It might be a different story if it was Adventurers with good reputations who’ve been active here for a long time making the request, but it’s hard to believe some unknown adventurers we aren’t familiar with… At least give us some evidence…
Hey, since you live in this city… You must be an Axis cultist, right? Look at my face, does it look familiar?
…? I’m not an Axis cultist… Hmm, now that you mention it, I did see… Ahhh! In that shop downtown, the second most popular–!
Wrong! Say any more and you’ll receive divine retribution! I’ve never worked in such a dirty place before! And why is it second most popular? How infuriating!
Hey Megumin, back me up.
Back you up? What do you want–?
Look closely at who this noble person is! She’s the daughter of the Dustiness clan, the great noble family known as the ‘Beloved Shield of the Kingdom’–Lady Dustiness ford Lalatina! How impudent to say that she’s some unknown adventurer!
Eh?
My lady, please show the item that proves your identity as a member of the Dustiness family for the block-headed staff to see!
Hmm? E-Even Megumin? Uugh… To think I’ll use my clan’s name for such a thing…
This is really…! M-My apologies! We’ll put this man on the wanted list immediately!
As expected of Darkness! That’s how you use the authority of a noble!
Ah, Aqua! Don’t say such ill sounding things so loudly!
– W-We’ve started a manhunt for that man as instructed by Lady Dustiness; we’ll contact your hotel if we receive any news!
Ah yes, sorry for troubling you.
Ah, by the way, please charge all necessary expenses for the manhunt to the Dustiness family.
?
You jerk! Jeeerrrrkkk!!
What? I said I’m sorry already, right? Let Aqua pay for the manhunt expenses then.
Eh? It’s on me?
That’s not the point! My family name isn’t to be used so lightly…!
Hey Aqua, the Dustiness house has their hands full raising this pervert… So, pay for the bill, all right? Isn’t this for the sake of saving your cult anyway?
Ahhh… All right, all right. I get it, it can’t be helped. The Dustiness house has it hard, huh? I’ll pay then.
Nuaaahhh!
Wahhh! You, what, stop it!
Really, how long are the two of you going to fight? There are people watching. Darkness, you’re a lady in name. Act like one…
What do you mean by ‘in name’? I’m a proper lady! Ahhh really…!
Just like the time we fought the Destroyer, you’re useless most of the time. Now that you have a chance, you should do something that befits nobility!
That’s none of your business! Damn it, you’ve been playing me like a monkey since just now!
Hahaha, your attacks are too easy to read! How can your clumsy attacks ever hit me?!
I’ll kill you!
Stop being noisy, what are you two doing in public?
Forget it; People who don’t change their attitude even after knowing I’m a noble are rare.
Everyone always says that they don’t mind, but will still be slightly afraid of me…
I don’t care about nobles or peasants. Darkness is just Darkness, I’ll always treat you the same. The Crimson Demons doesn’t fear authority and will treat royalty and aristocrats the same, okay?
Megumin…
In the country I was from, there were plenty of people who complain about politics. I’m not concerned about status or gender and I won’t show bias toward a weird noble like you.
Even Kazuma… No wait, did you say weird noble?
Hey Aqua, tell her what you think too. Don’t let her flatter herself and be conscious about her status as a lady… Hey, what are you doing? What is that?
This…? Ah, this is a fake of the pendant Darkness took out just now. Look. It looks the same, right? With this, I can claim to be a child of the Dustiness house and say anything I want… Ahhh!
– Welcome back! Any progress?
We did something incredible again. It’s great that we stopped the schemes of the Demon King’s army… Hey Darkness, you’re a sheltered lady so you might not know this… But there’s a custom among commoners that a man and woman who go on vacation together must visit the mixed bath together. We’ll be going back tomorrow, so let’s get it done tonight.
? I-I’ve never heard of such a strange custom!
I already said it’s a custom among commoners. You’re a noble, so there’s no way you could’ve heard about it. If you want to break the gap between you and real commoners like us, you’ll have to follow the ritual at least once.
As if we have such a custom!
Coming, who is it?
What… What happened?
Terrible news! The hot springs…! Contaminated water is flowing out from the hot springs everywhere in the city…!
I think there are problems with the water source.
The water source? That should be the top of the hill behind the Axis Cult’s main base, right?
Indeed, it’s difficult to poison the hot springs one by one. The other party must’ve been pressured by the manhunt order and decided to hit the source directly–that makes sense.
But how did he infiltrate such a heavily guarded place…?
Kazuma, what are you eating? Give me one too.
I’ve been feeling that recently you’ve been dumber than Aqua.
?
Hey, what do you mean by that? Are you implying that I’m usually behave like an idiot?
Not like an idiot, you are one! … Ahhh, enough! I apologize, I’m sorry! You’ve worked so hard and used your head this time! – I already apologized, so return my pizza to me!
… Source of the water, right? Hey Kazuma, how long are you going to play around? Time to go! Water source! We’ll head to the hill behind the cult’s headquarters to investigate!
All right, let’s go to the water source and look.
Hey, I’m an Archpriest from the Axis Cult! Look closely! Hey, look at my adventurer’s card carefully!
No, even if you’re an Archpriest of the Axis Cult, I can’t let you through.
Only the manager of the hot springs is allowed to go in.
Thou devoted Axis cultists… Hear me, this is a necessary action. A just course. If thou allow passage, this city shall…
Ah, I’m a believer of Eris
Why?! Why do you follow Eris’s religion even though you’re living in this city?!… Hey, please, let me go in! There’s big trouble at the source! This is for the sake of the hot springs city! I-I…! I just want to save this city!
No means no! Go home!
Ah, wait! I suddenly realized that you’re handsome! Your profile’s just like a red dragon, dominatingly strong.
You mean my face looks like a lizard?
… All right, if you won’t let me through no matter what, I’ll make you Eris devotees taste some bitter medicine and run to the Axis church by the hill side to repent!
What nonsense are you saying?
Damn it, that’s why they say the personality of Axis cultists are so terrible! And your blue hair and eyes–you are not that person who was turning the hot springs into warm water, right?
No, that’s wrong! I was just purifying the hot springs…!
So, it is you! Even more reasons that I can’t let you through! Go back!
As I expected. You’re up Darkness, a rare opportunity for you to shine.
Rare? Hey, I contribute occasionally, okay! Stop, stop pushing!
Take a good look at who this great person is! She’s the daughter of the grand noble house Dustiness–Lady Dustiness ford Lalatina! This is an emergency and concerns the survival of this city!
Ah?
That is so, you can treat this as an order from house Dustiness. The hot springs’ contamination incident that happened yesterday should be the result of someone poisoning the source. We’re here to investigate on the lady’s order.
This is an emergency, but if I abuse my authority like this…!
Here my lady, please take out the pendant proving your identity that you’re hiding in your chest! My lady, please don’t resist…! Hey, cough it out my lady!
Kazuma, grab on tight! I’ll… Ahhh! That hurts, Darkness, that hurts! Wiz, Megumin! Use this chance to grab the pendant!
Wiz, you take her right hand, Aqua take her left… My lady, please stop your futile resistance!
So sorry! I’m sorry Darkness-san!
Stop it, all of you…! The Dustiness house won’t permit such abuse of authority…! Ahhh?
Here, look at this! You’ll grant us entry now, right?!
M-My apologies!
Please forgive us!
… Let me borrow this for a while.
Of course not, give it back now!
Um, Lady Dustiness, I know you’re here to investigate, but the manager of the hot springs has already gone in…
The manager said he would investigate the cause and to not let anyone through…
Is the manager a tanned man with short, brown hair?
No, he’s a blonde old man whose been managing the hot springs all these years.
There are wild beasts in the hills ahead. Please be careful if you’re going there, Lady Dustiness.
By the way, I didn’t know Darkness-san is a daughter of the Dustiness house! Sorry for my impudence in the past.
No, I hope Wiz can treat me just like before. I’ll feel better that way.
Is that so? If Darkness-san insists…
That should be the reaction of normal people… I’m relieved after seeing Wiz’s attitude. This bunch has been so mean to me…
You’re such a troublesome girl. Make it clear whether you want us to treat you like a noble or a commoner! – Eh, if you want us to treat you like a lady, then change your temper, crude language, and stubborn nature.
I’m not troublesome! And Kazuma has no right to say my language is crude! You’re younger than me, right? Not just me, you’re rude to everyone…!
That’s because I treat you–Darkness–as a comrade. That’s right. In my heart, you’re not the aristocrat lady Lalatina who’s older than me, but the dependable crusader Darkness.
… Is… Is that so. That, that’s great…
So gullible.
Very gullible.
Too gullible.
E-Everyone!
……?
Anyway, we’ve been walking for quite some time. Aren’t there wild beasts living here? Um, will that manager who entered before us be okay? Isn’t he an old man?
Really, Kazuma? Why are you saying something that’ll raise a flag?
I-I didn’t, stupid! I just thought about that suddenly…!
Stop fighting and let’s see what’s happening!
How… How can this be…?
This… Could it be a rookie killer…?
This rookie killer isn’t the one we met yesterday. Was it defeated by a veteran adventurer? Although Wiz defeated one easily…
That hot spring grandpa’s really strong! Let’s meet up with him so he can protect us!
There are no grandpas in this world that can take out a rookie killer alone! This has to be the work of some inhuman monster!
W-What? Didn’t the butcher shop grandpa in Axel hunt toads and fire drakes alone?! A grandpa that can take out a rookie killer might exist too!
Don’t compare the old people in this world with the weirdos in that town! Just look at how that rookie killer died, there are too many suspicious points!
In short, we can’t let our guard down. That grandpa isn’t that simple.
The grandpa chef in Axel turned a ferocious brutal alligator into a main dish too…
Hey Wiz, aren’t you a lich? Don’t you have any convenient lich magic to let us fly straight to the top?
Aqua-sama, liches aren’t all powerful. I did develop a few spells, but they’re all offensive oriented…
Ho, to develop spells on your own, that’s impressive. Don’t tell me they’re stronger than Explosion.
Eh… I’m on edge because I heard there were monsters, but we didn’t meet any… Why’s that so…?
Hey, all of you! Wait, slow down! If we suddenly meet… The enemy… And are… Out of breath… How… Can we fight?
… I knew Kazuma’s stats were bad, but I didn’t know it was this terrible.
Anyway, what’s Kazuma’s stamina? Don’t tell me it’s the same level as an Archwizard like me?
… How should I put this? Kazuma has the lowest level here. Don’t worry, just train up from now on and your stats will grow.
Hey, you mean my stats are really on the same level as you, right?!
Let’s take a break! We walked quite some distance, but there’s no sign of the grandpa. Instead of dashing ahead at full speed, we should conserve our energy.
Hey, don’t tell me my stats are lower than yours! Is my strength and stamina really lower than yours?!
Hey, the hot spring water’s completely black!
? This is poison! I’m absolutely sure!
It burns! Wahhh, it’s scalding! It’s scalding my hand!
You idiot! Why are you putting your hand directly into the hot spring source? Pull your hand out!
But, but! It burns!
Freeze!
Freeze!
Phew… Thanks Wiz, and Kazuma… I’ll be thanking you a tiny bit too.
Only a tiny bit?
That’ll do… But, I can’t purify the water in the pipes. It’ll take some time before this hot spring can be used again… Heal!
… Hmm? So, it’s that guy after all.
What’s the matter? Why are you suddenly stopping?
Ahhh, I can see someone there. What’s he doing there? Is there a hot spring source there too?
Probably. Look, that pipe is linked there… Wait, that guy’s…!
What are all of you doing here? This place is off limits to all except the manager, so how did you get here?
Hey, are you still playing dumb? How dare you destroy the hot springs in this city! I’ll purge you!
Destroy the hot springs? I’m the manager of the hot springs, okay? What are you saying…?
It’s useless to play dumb, okay? And what are you doing here? It’s too troublesome to poison the hot springs one at a time, so you’re going right for the source? The uproar of polluted water gushing out was probably your way of confirming that the source was actually linked to this city, right?
We saw that all the hot springs had been contaminated on our way here. Megumin already asked, so can you tell us what you’re doing here? I’m Dustiness ford Lalatina, with my authority as a noble, I would like you to come with us.
I already said I don’t know what you’re talking about. Do you want to search the things I have with me? You’ll never find anything poisonous… With me…?
Hmm? Who’s that…? I think I’ve seen you somewhere…
An-Anyway, I’m here to investigate the reason behind the pollution, um…
Ahhh! It’s Hans-san! Hans-san, right?!
Who, who’s Hans? I’m the manager of the hot springs in this city…
Hans-san! Long time no see! It’s me, Wiz! The lich!
Lich… You mean those dangerous undead monsters, liches, right? I don’t know what you’re all saying… An-Anyway, I don’t have any means of poisoning, and you have no proof…
Ah, speaking of poison… I recall that Hans-san’s a deadly poison slime variant type! Did Hans-san release his poison into the source?!
Hans-san! Why are you ignoring me? It’s me, Wiz! Hans-san, you can shapeshift too, right? You must’ve changed into the form of the grandpa manager to gain entry, right? Hans-san, hey, Hans-san?
Can… Can you calm down, I don’t know you…! Stop, don’t shake me, please!
Did you really forget about me? I’m Wiz, back when we were in the Demon King castle we–
Ahhh! I just remembered I have something urgent to do! I found out the reason behind the contamination after the investigation! I must rush back to the city… Farewell everyone… Can you let me through?
Where are you going Hans?
You shall not pass, Hans!
You think such an excuse will work, Hans?!
Stop struggling and come clean, Hans.
Don’t keep calling me Hans, Hans, you bunch of worms! What’s Wiz doing here?! Didn’t you say you’ll open a small shop after leaving the Demon King’s castle? Stop fooling around in the hot spring city and go back to work!
How, how mean! I did work hard! For some reason the harder I work, the more losses I make. But I’m still working hard every day!
Sigh… Why did it turn out this way? I spent years to investigate this city, and only decided on this course of action after everything was in place… Wiz, I remember that you don’t provide help to the Demon King’s army in any form aside from the maintenance of the Demon King’s castle barrier. However, you shouldn’t be working against me. We shouldn’t disrupt each other. So, why are you in my way?
Eh? I-I got in Hans-san’s way? I only greeted Hans-san since we haven’t met in a long time!
That was enough to disrupt my work! Thanks to you my identity has been exposed!
What are you going to do, Wiz? Fight me? Or let me through?
How could I do that…? Hans-san is my friend. Um, I’ll be troubled if you destroy the hot springs… Can’t we resolve this through discussion?
Hahaha! The way you think is just like before! You’re a lich, but you’re so naive! When you were an Archwizard, killing us off left and right, you never thought about saying ‘resolve through discussion’, right?
Ugh… Back, back then, I was still immature…
Hey, sorry for interrupting your reunion… You’re Hans, right? I’m Satou Kazuma, the one who directed the battles against the Demon King’s general Beldia and the Mobile Fortress Destroyer. Just recently, I even defeated the devil of foresight, Vanir.
What? A man who looks as terribly weak as you?… Even your equipment’s so bad that I don’t even want to look at you, and you defeated Beldia and Vanir?
How mean of you to say I’m terribly weak. I might look this way, but I’m a man who walked the thin line between life and death several times.
Well, he did die several times.
I knew from the start that you’re a minion of the Demon King’s army. Do you still remember me? Several days ago, we met in the bath of a certain hotel, right?
…? Ah! You’re that man with the lecherous gaze!
I heard you talking back then about destroying the Axis Cult or something! I also knew you were wary of me in the hot spring; I only stared at that big breasted big sister to make you lower your guard!
Hey, you didn’t say anything because you didn’t want to be dragged into a troublesome incident, and yet you’re shamelessly boasting about it.
To not back down while facing me. I see, so you’re quite capable.
Just surrender! Wiz, he and you were ex-colleagues, right? I don’t think you would want to fight him, so back down for now; I’ll go.
K-Kazuma-san? I might be overthinking it, but… Will you be fine? Um, Hans-san is…!
… Seems like all of you really want to fight. Good! It’s been a long time since any adventurers dared to challenge me! No matter who it was, they would cower before me and beg for mercy after learning my true nature. You have guts to fight me head on!
I’m Hans! A general of the Demon King’s army, a variant type deadly poison slime!
… What did you just say?
Kazuma-san! Even among the Generals of the Demon King’s army, Hans is a monster with higher than average bounty! He’s very strong, so be careful…!
Hey, Darkness, slimes are weak monsters, right? They’re just small fries, right?
Slimes are weak monsters? Where did you hear that nonsense from? Leaving small ones aside, slimes above a certain size are powerful adversaries. Firstly, physical attacks are useless. Their magic defense is high too. They eat anything, so it’s over if they stick on to you. They can seep through the gaps in your armor, touch your skin. and dissolve you with digestive fluids. They can also block your mouth and suffocate you to death.
Don’t touch the deadly poison slime, Kazuma! It has poison potent enough to contaminate the entire city! It can harm so many people even after it’s diluted; you’ll die instantly if you touch it!
… In-Instant death?
No problem, Kazuma! With me around, it’s fine even if you die! But don’t get swallowed whole! If you do, your entire body will dissolve, then it won’t matter how powerful my resurrection spell is!
Now, come at me, brave adventurers! I’ll make you re-… gret…?
Wahhh, Kazuma! Wait! Wait!
Hurry up idiot! Or I’ll leave you behind!
Darkness, run quick! This is bad, we’ll die! Don’t think too much, just run!
Ahhh… The slime… The slime will…!
Ka-Kazuma-san, you kept panting while climbing the hill, but you’re fast when running away…!
Are you mocking me, human? After saying all that before me, you still ran away in the end? You’re not living your life correctly! You’re an adventurer after all, don’t you feel shame?!
Of course, I’m an Adventurer! The weakest job of all, Adventurer! How can I fight a general of the Demon’s King army head on?
What, weakest job? You even…! … What?
You’re an Adventurer? The weakest job, Adventurer? Not the general term adventurer, but the job name like Archwizard and Archpriest… Adventurer?
Yes, that’s right; what’s the problem?
I’ll let you off this time. Scram, small fry!
… Phew, it’s finally over.
It’s not over! Hey, he’s going back to destroy the hot spring source!
Then tell me how we can beat that guy. Wiz will feel bad if we ask her to go. I don’t know if Darkness can handle his poison. We can only ask Megumin to do a sneak Explosion attack from range.
Um… If you cast Explosion on Hans-san, his body will scatter and pollute this whole place. Slimes have high resistance against magic; if you don’t get it all, it’ll be hard to destroy him…
I’m not exaggerating, we really can’t do anything this time. If physical attacks were effective, I was planning to try out my new sword.
We’ll postpone the debut of Chunchunmaru to the next volume. But if we leave him be, the hot springs will be in danger. Then, a Demon King’s General will get his way.
Don’t call my sword by that weird name, I’ll never call it by that name… Sigh, what a pain. Hey, Aqua, shall we give up on this hot spring? We can develop other means of business in the future. Honestly, there’s no meaning in the existence of the Axis Cult, right?
I got it… Hey! I’ll go and purify that slime!
That guy, didn’t he think about destroying the pipes directly?!
The pipes seem to be made of magic metal, and aren’t easy to break. It’s the financial lifeline of this city, after all, so they spared no expense.
Hey! Can you be more serious about this? It’ll be bad if this goes on! If the last remaining water source gets polluted, it’ll be a long time before the hot springs will be available in this city again! The Axis Cult in this city will disband!
Isn’t that a good thing?
Waaahhhh!
Wait… Ev-Everyone! Stop joking with Aqua-sama! The important thing right now is…
What, are you all here again? No matter, there’s only one source left; the deed will be done once I contaminate it. Finally! I can finally destroy this damn city!
Hey, how long have you been staying in this city?… Ah, by the way, you changed your form into that of the hot spring manager to get in, right? Where’s the real manager? He should be a blonde grandpa, he…
I ate him.
What, what did you say?
I said, I ate him. I’m a slime, isn’t eating an instinct? Anyway, my shape shifting ability only works if I devour–
Cursed Crystal Prison.
? Ahhh?
My condition for staying neutral–not interfering with the Demon King’s army–is ‘the guarantee that, adventurers and knights aside, the Demon King’s army won’t harm civilians who are non-combatants’, right?
Wiz, stop! Undo your spell! Wiz!
It’s inevitable for adventurers to lose their lives in battle. They take the lives of monsters every day; that’s their livelihood. They must’ve made the resolve of being killed by monsters. It’s the same for knights; their salary is paid by the people, and in exchange, they must protect the citizens. It couldn’t be helped if they had to sacrifice their very lives…
Wiz! You really want to fight me? If we go at it for real, this area will be contaminated…!
But, the hot spring manager grandpa was innocent.
Wiz! Sorry, but I don’t plan to fight you! Let me finish my chores and leave!
Kazuma! That slime’s fast! Shouldn’t slimes be those soft, cute gooey monsters that move slowly?!
Hans-san, I won’t let you destroy the hot spring! Cursed Crystal Prison!
!! Shit, I don’t match up well against you!
I still have this ace in the hole! You’re as naive as you were in the past, Wiz!
Ahhh?
Snipe!
What?
Aqua, use that magic that improves luck, the one you used during rock-paper-scissors!
Eh? O, okay!
Blessing!
Snipe!
What, what’s this? Are you kidding me? What terrifying accuracy is this?
Don’t look down on this man’s luck! His stats might be weaker than a mage, but he’s survived fights with powerful foes thanks to his strong luck!
Hey, are you praising or mocking me?!
Kazuma, shoot it down, shoot it down now!
Leave it to…! … Ah.
Huh? What is it, Kazuma?
Eh?
… I ran out of arrows.
– Wah, wahhh!
Aqua-sama, don’t do it! A part of Hans-san’s body fell into the hot spring! This is on a different level from the contamination earlier!
Ahhh, it hurts, hot! Heal! Heal! Wiz, help me, the pipe of the last water source is going to be contaminated!
A, Aqua-sama! … Light of Saber!!
Kazuma, Ka, Kazuma…!
This…! What a cute slime! Such a pity! If it wasn’t poisonous, I would bring it home as a pet!
That’s too big–!
Oh no, Hans is getting serious! Wiz, take care of that guy! Use that freezing spell from earlier! End this battle with that spell!
That spell isn’t big enough to cover Hans-san! He’s too large now! If I don’t drain some mana from someone…!!
Megumin! Now’s your time to be the sacrifice! My mana isn’t enough, and draining Aqua’s mana will give Wiz unhealthy side effects!
Me? No, no, don’t wanna! I would rather blow that guy up with Explosion!
Don’t do that! You’ll pollute the entire hill!
What are you doing? Why are you taking your armor off…?
If the opponent’s a slime, armor is useless. I’ll give them an opening, so I’m better off without it.
And I like this armor. You repaired it for me, so it’ll hurt me to see it melted or destroyed.
Hey why are you stripping? Run!
Wahhh! Kazuma! Kazuma-sama, help, ahhh!
What are you doing, moron? Don’t bother with that now and run!
But, but! If I don’t defend this place, my believers will…!
Kazuma, what should we do? You always have dirty tricks up your sleeves! Hurry up and deal with this!
Why, you…! What do you mean by dirty tricks? Damn it, I’ll come up with something! So, you just do your thing!
Do, do my thing?
The only thing you can do! Deal the final blow to the General! Prepare your spell and standby near that guy!
Aqua-sama, even if I exhaust all my mana, I won’t be able to freeze Hans-san at his current size! Let’s withdraw! Everyone in the Axis Cult wouldn’t want Aqua-sama to be hurt too!
No! If I don’t step up, who’ll protect my cultists? If I can’t even protect the homes of my devotees, then what would be the point of my existence? Also, cast some Freeze for me!
Darkness, bring those things beside your feet to me!
? Those things? – The specialty gifts?
Ah! What are you doing, such a waste! You’ll receive retribution for wasting food, Ka… Zuma…
No, you can’t Kazuma! I’m planning to give these to my dear father and the servants…!
You can buy gifts anytime! I’ll shop together with you! Stop being depressed and run!
Wiz, after blowing Hans into pieces, can you freeze it?
If Hans-san is about half his current size, I should just barely manage with my remaining mana…
Aqua, Wiz will freeze Hans when he blows into pieces; can you purify the hot spring alone?
I-I can! This is an emergency! I’ll show you my true ability!
I just need to protect everyone from getting hurt by Hans when it explodes, right?
Yes, I’m counting on you.
Kazuma, how long do I have to wait? I’m ready to deal an elegant blow!
When I say go, Wiz will drain my mana away–just don’t let me die.
Eh?
… Well then, do it, Megumin– Go!
Leave it to me! Eat my huge explosive magic! Explosion–!!
Uuuu… I-I worked so hard…! I-I really gave it my all… But…!!
How should I put this…? For once, I actually feel sorry for Aqua…
… I wonder if dear father and the servants will like this…
… Don’t you know there’s such a thing called moderation?
It can’t be helped, I thought the water source would be contaminated if I didn’t give it my all…! Wahhh, I worked so hard! This is too mean, ahhh!
Hey, she’s going to disappear again! She’s disappearing!
Darkness, share your energy with her! Transfer some of it to Wiz, quick!
I-I understand! Come, Kazuma, take it!
I only tried to cleanse the hot springs with all of my powers! Why are they so angry?
Listen to me! Both of you, listen to me! Please, just hear me out!
What is it? The carriage’s already shaking, can you not shake me even more?!
Go on, I don’t mind listening.
The reason this incident turned out this way is because my powers are too strong. Even the clumsy Darkness and screwy head Megumin… That hurts! Lis-Listen to me to the end! The two of them must realize my true identity now, right?
It’s about time for you to believe that I’m a real goddess, right?
… Kazuma, let’s go to a more effective hot spring next time.
That’s right, a hot spring that can heal mental problems.
Why don’t you believe me?
– That concludes the report. The crisis has been resolved.
Purifying the hot springs of an entire city by herself. On top of that, the toxin from the Demon King’s general Hans and pieces of his body was all cleansed away–
To cleanse the remnants of the Demon King’s general… a large group of exceptional Archpriests would require several months to accomplish that. But–
That’s right, and the appearance of that great person…
Blue hair; blue eyes; wearing a hagoromo with a dignified and beautiful appearance.
What should we do next? Should we announce this to the cultists in the city…
Of course, we will. However, we’ll need to inform them in private. That great person might visit this city to play again. When the time comes, we need to tell them not to behave too respectfully, and not talk to her too casually… Also, what about the water source that’s been purified?
Yes, hot spring water doesn’t gush out anymore, but…
If I’m not wrong, the water can now heal wounds, and is very effective against undead monsters?
Yes, the holy water’s very strong too… Simply put, instead of operating a hot spring, the profits from selling this holy water would be higher.
… Speaking of which, we seemed to have burdened that great person with heavy debts…
How about this. We’ll send an envoy to Axel, and return the compensation money in some sort of way…
… Good point, let’s do that then. By right, we should thank her for saving the city and apologize for burdening her with debts…
Well then, I’ll do as you asked, Zesta-sama–
Yes, please do.
I offer you my most sincere thanks on behalf of the cult, Aqua-sama–!
Home–!
Can’t you say ‘I’m home’ properly?
What’s the matter? Why the weird face? Is this a new game?
I’m just imitating you. Looks just like you, right?
Really, we just came back, can’t you two give it a rest? Have some tea and cool down, both of you.
Phew, this place makes me feel the most at ease–although it isn’t adequate for the one who proposed the trip to say that.
Hey Megumin, that’s my special holy seat!
If you want it, let’s decide it with a game.
Hey, Megumin, you’re using your Archwizard too cunningly. Here, take my useless Crusader, let’s trade.
Tactically speaking, I don’t need the Crusader. I reject the trade. It’s your turn, Aqua.
Hey, um, well, I know you two are talking about the game, but…
Megumin! Hey, is Megumin here? And, is Kazuma-san here too?
Here, here! Is that Yunyun? What’s the matter, something troublesome? Be it a Demon King’s general or a bounty target, just tell me what’s bothering you.
Um, um… This is very sudden… But…
What’s the matter Yunyun? Looking for me?
I…! I…!! I want to have Kazuma-san’s children!!
Explosion–!
How, how many points did I get…?
From the volume of the sound and destructive power… 85 points!
Urghh! As expected of Kazuma, I would’ve given that Explosion the same score. Kazuma’s progressing really fast…!
Fufu, after accompanying you every day, my judgement’s also improved. It’s fine to address me as the ‘Explosion connoisseur’. Here, let me give you a piggyback.
Ughh…
Of course not. I’m already an excellent mage! How dare you complain after getting me?
I’ll get one hundred points next time…!
Hey Megumin, can you hold on and not make your move yet? If you let me take back my move, I’ll give you this weirdly shaped rock I found in a hot spring  from Alcanretia.
… What did you say?
I-I said, ‘I want to have Kazuma-san’s children’!
… I want the first child to be a girl.
No, no, you can’t, the first born must be a boy!
No, hold on you two, why are you talking about boys and girls? How did the conversation progress to such a state? And Yunyun, why are you saying such nonsense? Do you know what you’re saying?
I-I agree with Megumin. You’re Yunyun, right? I don’t know what happened between you and Kazuma, but don’t be rash! Do you know what kind of man this thing is?
Hmm? Please wait a moment! Yes, this is it! If I place the originally useless Crusader here…?
Wake up! Or rather, you’ll lose sight of things if you’re too rash! Please tell me in detail exactly what’s happening!
Be-Because!! If I don’t have Kazuma’s children, the world will–! The Demon King will…!
Is that so, the world will… Don’t worry, everyone, you don’t need to say anymore. Leave the world and the Demon King to me. I’ll have a baby with Yunyun, defeat the Demon King and the world will be saved, right? How can I reject the request of someone in need?
Why, you! And you were always so resistant when I asked you to take on quests!
That’s right! You never listened to others, so why are you so eager at a time like this? And why don’t you have any doubts about this sudden turn of events?
Shut up! What are you two going on about just now? This is a matter between the two of us, right? Those not involved shjust shut up! It’s a rare chance for me to be so popular, so don’t get in my way!
This man’s twisting the facts and blaming us! And how am I not involved, my friend’s going to be abducted by a weirdo, of course I have to sound out!
After all, I’ve been meeting pretty girls and beautiful women all this while! it’s strange that there aren’t any developments at all! Aren’t we the heroes who defeated multiple generals of the Demon King’s army? Didn’t we resolve many incidents? It wouldn’t be weird for pretty girls who admire me or adventurers who want my signature to pop up!! Hey Darkness, you’re sort of a noble, so at least give me a medal in recognition of my merits!
Y-You! Don’t say that out loud, even if that’s how you feel! All your hard-earned achievements will be ruined if you say it out like that!
Please, please, calm down! Sorry, it’s all my fault, so please calm down!
I heard that people will normally get married between sixteen to twenty years old in this country, but it’s fine to do so from fourteen! Yunyun and Megumin are classmates, so she’s fourteen, right? Then there’s no problem! Wonderful, simply wonderful! A blissful life not bound by laws! The joy of not being a lolicon! This is the first time I’ve liked this world!! And what’s with the lot of you? Do you all have a thing for me? Jealous because I’m going to date Yunyun? Then just spit it out, you bunch of tsunderes!
This guy! Darkness, let’s get him! Let him taste death once more!
Yes, watch me beat up this useless bum who’s only good at yapping!
Oh? Oh? What, you want to fight? You girls never learn, huh! I can attack by using Drain Touch, and touching your body is proper self-defense! No matter where I grab, it won’t be sexual harassment!
Hey, it’s Megumin’s turn to move. Look here, this is a move I’m confident of. Hurry up!
Explosion!
Waaahhhh!!
Uhh… Uhh… I should’ve banned the Explosion rule…
Despite my appearances, I’ve been training everyday with the goal of being the strongest mage. Weak scum like Kazuma will be defeated easily even if I don’t use magic!
Hey, even I’ll take offence from that. What makes me dangerous is how I defeated so many powerful foes despite my low stats. I’ll never lose against a dumb explosion mage who can only use one spell. The muscle-headed crusader isn’t even worth mentioning.
Muscle-headed crusader?
Megumin, listen to me! The home of the Crimson Demons… The Crimson Demon village is going to disappear!!
Please excuse our mediocre tea and hospitality.
No, it’s fine, thank you very much.
… Well then, what’s going on? The Crimson Demon village disappearing is bad news. Can you explain it in detail?
… This is the letter sent by Yunyun’s father, the village chief, huh?
Hold on, isn’t there another Crimson Demon here?
Ignore that for now, look behind! There’s another page!
Like I said, why is Yunyun the only survivor? What happened to me?
No, ignore that for now! Continue reading!
… As the only survivor of the village, Yunyun hid her goal of defeating the Demon King in her heart and focused on training. Sometime later, she’ll meet a certain man in the city of beginners. Unreliable and powerless, that man would be her future spouse.
… Why are you looking at me? Is the unreliable and powerless man referring to me? And Yunyun, you came here based on just that?
I’m going to read on, okay?
?
Our, our child will defeat the…?
Wait, wait! What’s with this nonsense? Hey Kazuma, someone as paranoid as you wouldn’t believe in something as vague as divination, right?
Hey, that would be troubling! It would be troubling for me!!
I don’t want it to be so troublesome, so can you hurry up and defeat the Demon King? It’ll take too long for Kazuma’s kid to grow up! Hey, at what age can one be considered a youth? Is three years okay? If not, let’s pretend that divination doesn’t exist!
The Crimson Demon village has powerful oracles! Which means that divination is…!
I understand, leave it to me. This is for the sake of the world, it can’t be helped.
Why you, you… Is this fine? You’re always wishy washy, so why did you pick today to be so decisive?
… On this page, the last part says, ‘Legend of the Crimson Demon Hero, Chapter 1, Author: Arue.’
?
Let me see. Oh, the handwriting is different from the first page. The first page is written by Yunyun’s father. The second one has the postscript ‘postage is too expensive, so I asked the village chief to send it together with his. I’ll send chapter 2 over when I finish it’…
Ahhh–!
Waaahhhh, that’s too much! Arue, that idiot, ahhh!!
Hey, explain to me what’s happening! Who’s Arue? What about our children? What should I do? Should I strip here or in the bedroom?
You can wash up, go to your room, and sleep… Arue’s my classmate from the Crimson Demon village. How should I put it; she’s a weird girl aiming to be an author…?
Oh, so it’s just a story… Hmm? Wait, what about the first letter?
The contents of this one should be true. The Crimson Demons have been an eyesore to the Demon King’s army for the longest time. This day was bound to come sooner or later anyway. They’re probably getting serious about attacking the Crimson Demon village.
Hey, wait, wait, what about my tender heart? Don’t mess with me! I was prepared to take my pants off and now you tell me this? What about Yunyun? Yunyun and I will become sweet lovers, right?
It won’t happen. You’re in the way, just step aside and play with Aqua… By the way, Megumin, why are you so calm? Aren’t you worried about your family and classmates? Your home village’s in danger, right?
That, that’s right. Now’s not the time to be crying! Hey Megumin, what should we do? I think it’s true that our village’s being attacked! What should  we do?
We’re the Crimson Demons that even the Demon King fears, right? I don’t think the people in the village will helplessly await their demise. Also, if Yunyun, the daughter of the village chief, is here, the bloodline of the Crimson Demons won’t be broken no matter what happens to the village. So, I think it would be better to think about it this way–everyone in the village will live on in our hearts–
Megumin, you cold-hearted girl! Why do you act so heartless every time?
Um… Sorry for saying something weird so suddenly. How, how should I put this… Kazuma-san is the only man I know…
Oh, right. It’s fine. Anyway, what are you going to do? Isn’t your home village in danger?
Yes, I’ll prepare to leave for the Crimson Demon village now. After all, it’s my home village; my f-f-friends are there.
Well then, sorry for bothering you, everyone! Um, you too Megumin. Goodbye…
… Kazuma, will it be fine to let that girl go alone? I thought you would be driven by your lust and try to act cool by saying, ‘I’ll go with you’.
Didn’t she say a General of the Demon King’s army is attacking? Even if I went along, I would just get in the way. It’s dangerous and scary, and I’m tired after my journey back… But Megumin, if you’re worried about that kid, you can tag along with her, you know?
Th-this guy; you were just boasting about being a hero who took out the Demon King’s Generals! And why would I be worried about Yunyun? She’s my rival, okay? Something like an enemy to me.
Hey, she might be saying that, but didn’t she look really uneasy all this while?
Don’t be so mean, Kazuma… But I know Megumin’s not being honest. Why don’t you give her a way out of this?
Hey Aqua, say something… Ah…
Huu…
Hey Kazuma, is it really fine leaving her alone like this? Um, isn’t that Yunyun girl Megumin’s friend? I heard that she’s strong… But still…
It’ll be fine. She’s a real Crimson Demon and can use advanced magic. Or rather, she’ll be safer going alone instead of having us tagging along. After all, we have someone deeply loved by the undead in our team.
Please come in.
What are you doing here so late at night? Did Yunyun’s words ignite your competitive spirit, and you’re now here for a night raid?
Watch it, I’ll blow you away! Your verbal sexual harassment has been really going strong ever since I turned fourteen!
Well, you know. I don’t really care what happens to Yunyun, but actually, I have a sister much younger than me back home.
That’s why, even though Yunyun has nothing to do with me, I’m still worried about my sister… Why, why are you laughing so deviously?
Anyway, the situation is like this. This tsundere says she wants to go back to her home village, and I feel that going to the Crimson Demon village to play is a neat idea too.
Who’s a tsundere? Didn’t I say that I was worried about my little sister…?
The village seems to be at war with the Demon King’s army, so first we’ll watch the situation in the village from a distance. If it’s as dangerous as the letter suggested, we’ll go home immediately. If we discover any Demon King’s army forces, we’ll also go home. We have to do our best to avoid fights with monsters too!
That battle plan’s so depraved, as expected of Kazuma! But it’s fine. Even though we just returned from a trip… I’ll use my power to save the people in Megumin’s home village!
Crimson Demon village, huh? That’s a haven for powerful monsters. And there’ll be hordes of Demon King’s army forces attacking…! Ah, what if we get overwhelmed by their numbers and become their prisoners? Hey Kazuma, if that happens, don’t worry about me, just take care of yourselves!
Don’t worry, I’ll be very happy to dump you there. Please don’t come back.
Hey Kazuma, where are we going? Aren’t we going to the Crimson Demon village with that Yunyun kid?
Yunyun left yesterday afternoon in a coach. We can’t catch up even if we go now. And I’ve had enough of traveling by coach. Also, there’s somewhere I want to go.
… Ugh. So, this is the place you want to go…? Um, I’m a Crusader who worships Eris-sama, so I don’t really want to be here… After all, there’s–
Welcome! The man who didn’t raise much in levels despite having a job that’s easy to level; the little girl who wasn’t of much use aside from relying on the power of her family name; the delinquent priestess emitting an annoying light; as well as the useless Crimson Demon who’s a master of a useless spell! Thou came at the right time!
This fellow here…!
Use-, useless Crimson Demon…?
Please, come in.
What do you mean by ‘coming at the right time’? Did you import weird merchandise again? I’ll make this clear now, I won’t buy anything from this shop.
Don’t say that! Moi has no intentions of peddling garbage every time, this shall definitely suit your taste.
…? What’s this?
This is a magic item to repel the undead. Just by opening the cover, holy air that’ll keep the undead away will be emitted continuously, and will last for half a day. Well, you have a strange team member that attracts the undead, correct? You suffered much in thy previous journey because of that, right? With this, you would be able to sleep peacefully even if you camp outside!
Hey, that ‘weird teammate’ isn’t referring to me, right?
Well, what are its demerits? There’s definitely something wrong with it, right?
There are none. The only bad thing about this is the high price and one-time usage. But it’s very effective! So effective that the clumsy shop owner couldn’t come out of the shop after accidentally opening the box, and has been crying all this while.
No, close the box and ventilate the place! So, that noise is Wiz crying? And Wiz too, why did she buy this…? But it really is convenient, so give me one. I’ll need it soon anyway.
That’ll be one million eris! Thank thee for thy patronage!
So expensive?! At that price, I would rather fight with the zombies!
Oh, this is nothing, dear customer. After all, customer, you are going to be a very wealthy man soon! All the intellectual property rights you own as of now are to be sold to moi for three hundred million eris! Will this contract suffice?
Three hundred million eris…? If you give such a huge amount to this man, he’ll really become a bum who lazes around all day! However, that sounds good too…
Kazuma-san, Kazuma-san. I want a pool in the mansion.
I want a mana freshener that’s said to improve mana recovery rate.
Oh, you zombies attracted to the smell of money. A pool and mana freshener both sound expensive, so I won’t even consider it right now. Rather than that, go pick out some items we might need for this trip.
– Well then, just deduct the cost for this undead repellent magic item from the three hundred million eris. It’ll be some time before you can raise the three hundred million, right?
Yes. Moi must apologize; after all, the loser shop owner who imported unnecessary junk increased our expenditure. Finances were already short before that. But moi will procure a large sum of money next week. Moi has gathered investors in this town.
By the way, I have some business with Wiz. Can you please get her for me?
Yo, Wiz, are you feeling well? Sorry for bothering you again today. I didn’t come here to buy stuff, but to seek your help.
…? Seek my help?
– I see. So, I just need to send everyone to Alcanretia with teleport, right?
Um, hey Vanir, how effective is this potion that attracts monsters? What’ll happen if you get sprayed by this?
This is meant to be drunk. After drinking this, not just monsters, even the people in town, your family, and your comrades will detest you and attack. This is an excellent product that complements your twisted fetish perfectly. Want one?
… Even my family and friends…? Ugh, it would be troubling if they keep hating me, but if the effect is temporary, I might consider buying…
… Oh, there are potions that increase the effectiveness of a specific spell temporarily. Are there any potions that’ll enhance the power of explosion spells?
Right now, the only spell enhancement potions we have in stock are for Curse Magic and Marsh Magic. The Curse Magic potion will increase the area of effect of your spell, so you yourself will also be rendered immobile if thee use it against an enemy. The same with Marsh Magic, it increases the area of effect and will drown the caster in the marsh too.
Useless products… And what about this doll with such a strong sense of presence?
Those are Vanir dolls, made by embedding fragments of moi mask. A great product that wards off evil spirits out of their fear for moi. This is also the only hot selling product in this shop. It’ll laugh in the middle of the night, but its effects are splendid. There are no evil spirits in your mansion, but there is a spirit there… How about getting one?
Laughing in the middle of the night is just like having an evil spirit in the mansion. And if there are any spirits in the mansion, our Aqua won’t let it off anyway.
Hey, wait, Megumin still doesn’t believe what I said? Didn’t I mention that there’s a spirit of an aristocratic girl living in the mansion? Because she’s a pitiful child, I didn’t purify her and let her roam free!
Yeah right. That spirit will occasionally drink Aqua’s wine, right? I get it, I get it.
Even Darkness? Believe me!!
But, the Crimson Demon village… I went to purchase supplies in that village in the past. I went to visit a famous magic item crafter called Hyoizaburo back then, but he wasn’t home, unfortunately…
Please, please, wait a moment. Did you say Hyoizaburo?… By the way, when did you visit the Crimson Demon village?
I visited about two years ago? Right, right, when I visited the craftsman’s home, there was a cute girl that resembled Megumin-san very much who greeted me…
What’s the matter? Something wrong?
No, it’s nothing… Just that my unnecessary judgement disrupted your business trip…
Don’t touch that, you plague goddess! Every potion you touch turns into water!
What kind of attitude is this? Aren’t customers goddesses? On top of that, I’m a real goddess! Show the appropriate respect for a goddess!
You are thick-skinned enough to say that after destroying moi merchandise , you goddess of poverty? Hey Wiz, moi heard what you were saying! You are sending these bunch away, right? Do it before she destroys all the merchandise in the shop!!
Hey brat!
Since thee purchased an expensive merchandize, moi will gift you this advice. The devil of prophecy warns… At the destination of thy journey, there will be a time when thy comrade will share their doubts and approach thee for advice. That comrade will change her path according to thy words. Thou should consider it carefully and give an advice thy won’t regret.
Well then, I wish you a safe journey…! Teleport!!
Hey, hey Kazuma. Kazuma.
We’re leaving right away, I don’t want anything to do with your religion and cultists anymore.
But why?
Kazuma, I’m not going back home because I’m worried about Yunyun, but for my sister. So, let’s move on. If it’s her, she’ll catch up soon, don’t worry.
It’ll take two days to walk from this city to the village. Many dangerous monsters frequent the road there, so we need to rely on Kazuma’s Enemy Detection skill.
Don’t worry, leave it to me. Didn’t I defeat some mob monsters in the previous journey? I raised a level back then. With the excess skill point, I learned the rogue skill Escape. With this, I can run away at any time.
Hey, isn’t that skill only effective for Kazuma alone? Do you mean you’ll escape by yourself if you detect any enemies?
Kazuma’s job is Adventurer, which levels easily, right? But after such an intense battle with a Demon King’s general , you only raised one level? My level raised to 33 in one go!
Hey, don’t flash your adventurer’s card in front of me or I’ll snatch it and throw it away. It can’t be helped, you can steal the kill on the general and blow tons of mob monsters in one go. On the other hand, my only means of attack is this sword with a weird name and a bow.
… Hmm, someone’s there.
Aren’t you hurt? Hey, are you alright?
My Enemy Detection skill activated. That’s a monster in disguise.
Huh?
Hey Kazuma, I think she’s looking at you with very sad eyes. I feel the urge to cast a healing spell on that child.
Hey Kazuma, she looks like she’s about to cry. Is that really a monster?
Ka-Kazuma, that child’s smiling while doing her best to hold back her tears. She’s waving as if to say goodbye. I really feel like going over to give her a hug.
Ugh…! Even if she’s a monster, ignoring a casualty is…
It’s a type of vegetation monster that won’t deal physical damage, but it’ll stop travelers by stimulating their protective instincts, starve them to death, and enroot them.
I’ll heal your wounds! … Huh? These aren’t wounds. These aren’t bandages either, just something that looks like it.
Hey, what are you thinking Kazuma? Are you going to use this child to earn experience points?
I heard about tranquility girls before. However, we can’t hurt a monster with an appearance of a girl, right? Although Kazuma’s renowned for being an evil bastard, I know Kazuma has a side that cares for his comrades, a kind and gentle side. Kazuma wouldn’t do something like that… You wouldn’t, right…?
… No. If Kazuma decided to exterminate it, then it should be done. I came over because I thought it was injured, but it wasn’t hurt at all. Judging from this, this monster must be a very cunning mimic. If we leave it alone, there’ll be more victims in the future.
…Want kill… Me…?
…Want kill… Me…?
You look painful… Sorry because I live…
Because, I, monster live… Will cause trouble…
Since born, first time, talk with humans…
First, and last time met with you, wonderful… If, another life… Next time, not monster, will be wonderful…
— But I am so glad that Kazuma still has some shreds of humanity in him. I thought you would say ‘become my experience points!’ and murder it, then burn it away with fire magic.
I think there is a need to talk with you about how you normally see me. All of you should know very well that I won’t do something like that, right?
Hey, wait. Isn’t it bad if there is a Tranquility girl on this path?
Your face is the same color as Wiz, what’s the matter? Does your stomach hurt? There’s some trees there, we will keep away so go there and settle it quick.
That’s not it! Hey, you girls go first! I’m going back to the Tranquility girl; I have something to discuss with it!
Huh, wait, wait Kazuma?
Ahh… Damn, why must it be so…? Sorry, I’m sorry! Forgive me! It’s the rule of the lumberjacks which dictates that I must exterminate you upon discovery…!
Because, I, monster live… Will cause trouble…
Since born, first time, talk with humans…
First, and last time met with you, wonderful… If, another life… Next time, not monster, will be wonderful…
Ah… Ahhh… I can’t do it. Damn, I can’t do it!
Ahhh~, failed again. That lumberjack looked quite meaty and would’ve been great fertilizer…
Uwaaahhh… Damn it, no fertilizer’s coming… It’s a bit cloudy, but let’s photosynthesize a little… Sigh– What a pain.
Just now, those words, could you, pretend you, didn’t hear them…?
So, you could speak fluently, and were playing me like a damn fiddle!!!
You looked refreshed, what happened? What did you say to that child? And why did you have to go back anyway?
Look everyone! I raised three levels in one shot! This way, I’ll be of some use after going to Megumin’s place!
Waaahhhh… Waaahhhh! Kazuma, you demon! Evil demon! Compared to you, Vanir’s much cuter!
Ah… Ahhh… Ahhh… It’s all my fault… All because I mocked Kazuma after raising so many levels…! Kazuma laid his hands on that child because I agitated him…? It’s, it’s all because of my arrogance that I did all that…!
It must be painful, right?… You fulfilled the obligations of an adventurer. Sorry, I left such an unpleasant task to you…
… Kazuma, are you really fine with not sleeping? It’s true that from the type of skills you have it would be better for you to be awake, but…
Don’t worry. I have the characteristic of being strong in staying up all night. In the country I was from, staying up all night was nothing to me.
By the way, where did you and Aqua live in the past? I’m curious about your country. From the merchandise you developed, that country seems to have plenty of convenient magic items. I wonder what kind of life you had lived there, too. Just what kind of lifestyle could train up the characteristic of ‘being strong in staying up all night’…
I see… I was a Ranker in my country.
…? Ranker?
If I must explain, it means someone with a high ranking. I was known to my comrades as ‘Kazuma-san who’s only lucky in getting rare drops’, ‘Kazuma-san who’s always online no matter what time I log in’, and so on… Anyway, I had all sorts of nicknames and was trusted by everyone. We raided fortresses, hunted powerful bosses; those were enjoyable times… Staying up all night was a norm. I didn’t eat proper meals, and only slept two hours a day before returning to my quest to hunt monsters…
How, how amazing… Attacking fortresses and hunting bosses…! I see, Kazuma reacts so quickly to any changes in situations because of the experience you accumulated…! How, how amazing…!
It’s hard to believe those words since I know how Kazuma usually is… But why, why do I get the feeling you aren’t lying? Just now, you were brimming with confidence and nostalgia…
… Hey Kazuma, can I explain what MMOs are?
Please don’t do that.
… Um, what’s that amazing way to wake her up you mentioned? Let me make this clear first, you can’t cross that line with comrades, okay? You understand, right?
That’s the kind of creature men are, if you tell them it’s a wall they can’t climb over, they’ll want to scale it… That’s right, the higher the wall in life, the higher the mountain, the more one will want to overcome it. These are the same things.
No, that’s not it! Don’t mix that up with such a positive motivational speech! I’m starting to feel that taking a watch together with Kazuma is really dangerous!
Speaking of which…
The topic we discussed before they slept… you came from a different nation, right?… Um. Kazuma, you never thought of going back?
I can’t go back even if I wanted to. Even if I do, I’ll just live a busy and meaningless life once again. I feel that my current life isn’t too bad. After the trip to the Crimson Demon village is done, I’ll be able to get three hundred million eris from Vanir and be a rich man. After that, I’ll live an interesting and peaceful life with everyone.
Is that so…? I like my life right now too, so this is good. We get into danger often, but everyone will work together to get through it. I’m very satisfied with my fun life right now.
… Zzz…
… Really, it’s all because Kazuma and Megumin were so noisy last night that I didn’t sleep well.
Sorry for the disturbance, but this loli fell asleep mid-way through her watch. Also, when it was your turn for the watch you wouldn’t get up no matter what, so how dare you complain. In the end, Darkness took your watch too.
No, I heard that Megumin was woken up in an amazing way by Kazuma when she dozed off, so I was wondering what would happen to me if I fell asleep mid-way through my shift. My heart was pounding non-stop and I couldn’t sleep…
Ughh… He, he did something really ridiculous to me…
This is really…
Hey, I’ll walk ahead alone, so all of you be prepared to run away at a moment’s notice. Aqua, cast a speed buffing spell on me so they won’t be able to catch me.
You’re all ready to run at any moment, just how thick-skinned are you?
Well, I couldn’t fight the monsters around here head on anyway. The monster names listed in the information column all looked tough. And they won’t come one at a time, so I have to try my best in avoiding battle and adopt the policy of running away.
Well then, all of you keep a distance from me. Remember, don’t stay so far behind that you’ll lose track of me. If anything happens, I’ll give you all a signal. If you see it, run immediately.
I understand, leave it to me.
I understand very well you don’t know hand gestures at all. Darkness, Megumin, I’ll be counting on  both of you.
… Ka… Zuma! Ka…!
Create Earth.
Good day! Hey handsome nii-chan, want to have a good time with me?
I refuse.
Ara, is that so, such a pity. I was hoping you would do it with me willingly.
Since we can communicate, let’s talk about this. Please let me through. If you do that, I’ll share some of my food with you as thanks… What say you?
That sort of thing doesn’t matter. This is the territory of orcs. We won’t let any males passing by go… How interesting, onii-san. For some reason, I sense powerful survival instincts from your seemingly weak body. My intuition has always been on point. Our child will definitely be strong… Come, let’s do something fun.
Ara, those over there… What, all of them are females. I don’t care about them. But for you, let me think… Three days. How about going to my village for three days or so? Hehe, it’s a harem for you there. You’ll learn what heaven in this world is. Well, the men we capture do go to heaven for real!
Wind Breath!
?
… What is it? It would be meaningless for me to walk in front if all of you are so close to me. Keep some distance away from me.
What are you saying, Kazuma? You defeated an orc! This plain is the territory of the orcs. Which means you will be their target until we cross this plain!
Isn’t it good if I’m being targeted? Just why do you think I’m so lightly armored? To attract attention and be the decoy! And I don’t want to see your tragic outcome if you get caught by the orcs.
Oh, right, Kazuma’s an idiot who doesn’t know the common sense of this world. Can’t be helped, let me tell you… Ow, ow, stop! 
… Kazuma, listen. There are no male orcs in the world.
Huh?
Male orcs died out a long time ago. Even when the occasional male orcs are born, they’ll be squeezed dry by the females and die before adulthood. Thanks to that, the orcs crossbreed continuously and gained the excellent genes of various races, becoming monsters that could no longer be considered orcs. Right now, orcs are known for infiltrating the turf of other races, kidnapping the males and bringing them back to their village, making them suffer terribly; the nemesis of men… Also, um, Kazuma, you…
Wait, wait, orcs should be the nemesis of female knights! Driven by their strong libido, they’ll pounce on any woman they see, the males of these orcs…
Are extinct… Kazuma defeated a female orc. All of them want a powerful male with excellent genes. So, they won’t let Kazuma who defeated their comrade go… Look, just like that.
You’re a good man. To think you can knock me out! … I won’t let you go. I’m mesmerized by you, how are you going to make it up for me? I definitely want your child!!
What? Wait…! Waaahhhh!
I want the first child to be a boy!
I want sixty boys and forty girls!
I want to live in a white house overlooking the sea, making love with you everyday!
All right! It’ll be over soon. It’ll be over in no time so close your eyes…!
Save me! Megumin, use that! Use that and finish all of them in one shot!
If I use Explosion at such a close range, we will get dragged in as well! Darkness, stop being depressed and rescue Kazuma…!!
Talk! Let’s talk first!!
I would love to talk erotic things with you! Go on, say it! Tell me all the embarrassing fetishes you have! Huff, huff, huff!
Stop, stop, ahhh! Name! I still don’t know your name yet! This might be my first time! So, let’s start with self-introductions, ahhh! My name’s Satou Kazuma!
I’m Swatinaze, a young and energetic 16 year old orc! Come, let your lower half introduce himself, too! Introduce the son you’re so proud of!
My son’s a little shy! We already exchanged names so let’s call it a day, ahhh! Aqua! Aqua! Save me!
Ka-Kazuma!
Bottomless Swamp!
Yunyun! Isn’t that Yunyun? Ugh, uwahhh!
?
Yunyun! Yunyun! Thank you so much, ahhh!
Hya…! Wait, wait Kazuma-san? It, it’s fine now, it’s fine, so… Don’t cry… Um, my important robe is being stained with snot…
It’s great that you’re fine, Kazuma! … What, what’s the matter Kazuma?
There, there, you must be terrified, Kazuma. It’s fine now, don’t worry. Everyone will protect you.
I’m Yunyun! One of the top mages of the Crimson Demons, an Archwizard that wields Advanced Magic. I’m the one who’ll be the next chief of the Crimson Demons…! To the orcs who built a village near the Crimson Demon village: I’ll spare you on the count that we’re neighbors. Take your comrades with you and go!
Kazuma-san, let’s use this chance to retreat .
With Yunyun around, there’s no need to fear monsters. Really, this is too easy.
Yunyun, once again, thank you. Really, thank you. If I must describe how thankful I am, it’s like–if anyone asks me who I respect the most, I’ll answer ‘Yunyun’ immediately.
Please, please, don’t do that, it’ll look as if you’re mocking me!
By the way, why’s everyone here? Is Megumin coming home because you’re worried about everyone?
Yes, right, it’s my sister! I’m a bit worried about her. After all, she’s always doing reckless things.
Yup, that’s true. She’s a child who can’t use magic, yet she is so eager to fight.
… Why, why’s everyone smiling deviously?
… All of you are beautiful.
What, what is it? Kazuma he, he has always been talking strangely, but it’s worse today!
Calm, calm down! This fellow must have an ulterior motive. We can’t let our guard down around him. We’ll regret it if we become happy about it!
All of you are real beauties.
What’s happening? Someone tell me! Kazuma’s acting weird, what’s going on?
Calm down, Aqua! First, cast a healing spell on Kazuma!
… –!
– Megumin was always the top of the class in magical studies and mana capacity… The villagers all think of her as a genius and had high expectations of her… If they knew Megumin had fallen and became a flawed mage that can only use Explosion…
Hey, don’t call me a ‘flawed mage’. In terms of magical destruction, I’m without a doubt the best of the Crimson Demons, that’s a fact. Please don’t speak ill of the explosion magic I’ve devoted my entire life to.
What’s the use of explosion magic? It’s too powerful, and can’t be used in dungeons or it’ll cause a collapse! Even if it has the longest attack range, it’ll hit the caster and allies if the targets are too near! Even very high-level mages can’t fire it twice in a row, the mana consumption is too great! No matter how you look at it, it’s overkill, right? Explosion is a useless spell and a waste of skill points that no one will bother to learn.
… How dare you, Yunyun. You said something you shouldn’t have said. Something more serious than making fun of my name, the biggest taboo–!
What, what, want to get it on? I’ll accept your challenge. I won’t lose to Megumin anymore!
Kazuma, let me tell you Yunyun’s shameful secret. All Crimson Demons receive a tattoo after birth. The placement of the tattoo is different for everyone, and Yunyun’s tattoo is at…
Shut up, what are you telling Kazuma-san? And why do you know the position of my tattoo? You can’t use Explosion in a place like this, right? It’s easy to subdue Megumin who can’t use magic!
Aqua, give me a buffing spell! I’ll teach this kid a lesson!
D-Despicable! Megumin’s so sly! You’ve always been so sly!
– Hey, this way! I hear human voices from this direction!!
Hey, you two, we’re going to be discovered by the enemy! Keep it down!
It’s all because the bad tempered Megumin raised her voice!
Yunyun has a worse temper than me! You’ve been doing things without regards for the consequences since long ago! See, even Chomusuke doesn’t dare to come out from the hat now!
What did you say?
The two of you shut up! I already told you we’ll be discovered if you talk so loudly! Hey Kazuma, tell them!
Hey, that doesn’t matter, tell me where Yunyun’s tattoo is!
Found them, over there! There’s someone there!
Why, you! You really…!!
Found two Crimson Demons! The rest look like human adventurers! Hey, this way, quick! There are two Crimson Demon kids! This is a chance to earn some merits!
Hmm–? You seem to be pretending to be a low-level devil, how annoying! You can’t even become a proper devil, just a ghoul-like half-devil. What’s with that? What do you want to do? Exorcism magic won’t even work against low-level monsters like you. Isn’t that great news, the guy who can’t even become a devil? Pfft! I don’t have time for half-baked devils like you. After you become a proper devil, I’ll be your opponent. I’ll spare you today, so scram. Go on, shoo!
You want to spare us? Hey, that priestess over there, what did you say? … There are two kids of the Crimson Demons that gave us so much trouble. How can we let you go? Hey, tear them to pieces!
Light of Saber!
S-Surround them! She can’t do anything if we surround and charge her, kill that Crimson Demon girl first!
Yunyun, you said Explosion is a useless spell, right? I’ll let you witness the destructive power of this useless magic!
Eh? Wait, wait, are you going to?
Explosion–!!
Did you see that, my ultimate move–Explosion! Do you still dare say it’s a useless magic? How’s that Kazuma, how many points for that explosion?
Minus ninety points! You idiot, what do you intend to accomplish by exhausting your magic like that? There are still enemies left, I can’t piggyback you and run!
Ka, Kazuma-san! While you were talking, more enemies were attracted by the noise!!
Hey, what are you doing? Can you even fight these guys?
Fufu, please remember it well. You don’t think I’m a woman who can only use recovery magic, right? I’m Aqua-sama with maxed out stats! I just need one hand to settle thing with these mob level devils. Watch, I’ll show you that I can act like a proper goddess occasionally, too!
Aqua, we’re running! Stop intimidating them with those weird poses and come here!
… Ah
Disappear without even a trace of your flesh, burn in the dark flames from the abyss of my heart!
Oh no, I can’t suppress it anymore! Become the sacrifice to pacify my destructive urges!
Come, fall into eternal slumber… In the embrace of my ice-cold arms…!
Please rest in peace. I won’t forget you all. That’s right, your existence will be engraved forever… In the memories of my soul…!
Hey…! Wait…! Stop…!
Light of Saber!
Light of Saber!
– Of Saber!
– Saber!
I heard the sound of Explosion in the distance, so I came with the members of the anti-Demon King’s army guerilla unit… But isn’t that Megumin and Yunyun? What are you two doing here?
Aren’t you the son of the shoe shop owner, Bukkoroli? Long time no see, we heard that the village was in danger and rushed back.
Danger?
By the way Megumin, are they your adventuring comrades?
I’m Bukkoroli. Son of the owner of the number one shoe shop in the Crimson Demon village. Archwizard that wields Advanced Magic…!
Well met, I’m Satou Kazuma. Master of many skills in Axel, one who battled with the generals of the Demon King’s army. Please take care of me.
Ohhh!
Awesome, so awesome! Normally, people would have weird reactions after we introduced ourselves…! I never thought there’d be an outsider who’d reply in kind!
… Kazuma seems really friendly with Bukkoroli and the others! And you didn’t react this way when I made my introduction!
I’m Aqua! An existence worshiped by the masses, the one who’ll defeat the Demon King! My real identity’s the goddess of water!
Is that so, that’s amazing!
Wait! Why? Hey, why am I the only one who gets such reactions?
I-I’m Dustiness Ford Lala… ti… na… From Axel… Ughh…!
Megumin, I’m glad you have such wonderful comrades. The village is still some ways off. Come, we’ll show you in, outsiders. We’ll send you there with Teleport!
Welcome to the Crimson Demon village, outsiders. Megumin and Yunyun too, welcome home!!
Well then, we’ll resume our security patrol.
Goodbye then!
These guys are really cool. They’re like a group of combat experts.
Is that so? The four of them must be smiling gleefully nearby after hearing that.
… Nearby? Didn’t they leave via teleport?
They turned invisible by using light refraction. Teleport consumes a lot of mana, so they’ll run out if they use it so frequently after a battle. I think they just wanted to show off a cool exit… Ouch!
On a side note, light refraction magic deploys a barrier a few meters around a specific person or object, obscuring the view of the inside of the barrier from the outside… And so, you can see them if you go nearer.
…!
?
Say, these guys are really something. I can’t catch them even with my speed.
They ran away by doping with body strengthening magic. I don’t think that group of NEETs who laze around at home would have such stamina.
… NEET group? No, aren’t they the anti-Demon King’s army guerrilla unit? They left because they have to perform patrols.
They’re idle people who can’t leave their parents or find jobs. If they go to other cities as adventurers, they would be in high demand, but they refuse to leave the village. Idling around all day with nothing to do, in order to not let others think they were just lazing around, they claim to be the anti-Demon King’s army guerrilla unit and wander around the vicinity of the village.
All Crimson Demons can learn Advanced Magic in adulthood. Everyone in the village is an Archwizard. After learning Advanced Magic, we’ll master all kinds of spells with the skill points we earned. This is common sense…
… Eh, this griffon statue looks so realistic. Is that a work of a famous sculptor?
That’s a griffon who wandered into the village and got petrified. It looks cool, so it was preserved as a scenic attraction. And now, it’s mainly used as a landmark to meet up with people.
… What magic are you planning to use?
A spell to cure abnormal statuses. I’ve never seen a live griffon before.
No, that’s just a letter to my daughter about how I’ve been doing. I got a little carried away when writing it. My Crimson Demon bloodline makes it impossible for me to write normal letters…
I don’t really understand that.
… Eh? Um, D-Dad? Well, I’m happy that you’re okay, but can you explain it in detail? First, at the beginning of the letter you wrote, ‘By the time you read this letter, I will probably have already passed on from this world’…
Isn’t that the standard greeting amongst us Crimson Demons? Didn’t you learn that in school?… Ah, now that you mentioned it, you and Megumin graduated early because your results were excellent.
… And the part about being unable to break through the military base built by the Demon King’s army…?
Ah, that part? Those guys built a very extravagant base. Should we destroy it or keep it as a new scenic attraction? We couldn’t decide.
Hey Yunyun, can I punch your father?
Go ahead.
Yunyun?!
… Hmm? Wait, so the Demon King’s army did build a military base here. So, the part about the ‘Demon King’s General was coming’ was…
That’s correct, it’s as stated on the letter, they sent a General with high magic resistance here. Right, right, it’s almost time. If you’re free, do you want to come and take a look?
Demon King’s army alert, Demon King’s army alert. Everyone who’s free please gather before the griffon statue at the village entrance. We have visuals of the enemy, they number about a thousand.
One thousand?
A thousand soldiers of the Demon King’s army. Seems like it’s time to show the real power of a goddess.
Don’t fret, this is the village of powerful mages, the Crimson Demon village. Let’s go and look, shall we?
Waaahhhh!! Uwaaahhhh!!
Sylvia-sama! Sylvia-sama!! Please retreat! Even if only you make it-Please retreat!
Damn, damn it! We can take our revenge if we’re a little bit closer to these vermin…!
That’s why I objected to attacking the Crimson Demon village- that’s why I didn’t want to come…!
Lightning Strike!
Energy Ignition!
Freeze Gust!
Cursed Lightning!
Amazing… It feels terrifying for them to be so powerful…
Everyone! I’ll block them from the front, so follow me! The gap between casting two high-level spells is large. Let’s use this chance…!
Tornado!!
Inferno!
Oh my~ What a show. So that’s what real Crimson Demons are like, huh?
When you say real, you’re implying there are fakes. Hey, tell me, where are the fake Crimson Demons?
Oh, Megumin’s sister, huh? Such a cute kid.
It feels like a mini Megumin. Hey little Megumin, want some sweets?
Komekko, I’m home. Have you been a good girl?
Dad! Onee-chan brought a man back with her!
Watch closely. The mug I placed upside down on the low table will move around like so!
Amazing! Amazing!! How did you do that? Hey, how? Blue-haired nee-chan, how did you do that?
It’s magnets! It must be moved by the magnets under the table! Right? Am I right, Aqua?
Ah– …! Cough, cough!
… Thanks for taking care of my daughter. I express my sincere gratitude for that.
My daughter has troubled you very much… I learned much about Kazuma-san from the letters she sent back… So, we know you quite well…
… Well then. What’s your relationship with my daughter?
… I’ve already said it many times, we’re just normal friends and comrades.
… Well then. What’s your relationship with my daughter?
… I’ve already said it many times, we’re just normal friends and comrades.
What did you sayyyyyy?
Hubbyyyyyy! Stop! Don’t flip and damage the table! Our finances are really tight this month!
Pardon me, I was too agitated. All because you kept playing dumb and saying you’re just friends.
This is… Just a simple gift for your hospitality…
… My dear, this is a gift from Kazuma-san to me. Let go.
Oh, really now hubby. You were just addressing him rudely as ‘you’, and you suddenly change it to ‘Kazuma-san’ after seeing the gift, just how thick-skinned are you? This will be dinner tonight, I won’t let you eat it as snacks for your wine, all right?
Food? Hey, that’s solid food, right? Not porridge so thin you can’t even see the rice, but something that’ll make you full?
Really… It isn’t much…
You came at the right time, Kazuma-san! My dear, serve him our best tea!
There’s only one type of tea in the house, I’ll brew some right now, a moment please!
… For you. It tastes good.
Komekko, don’t get any closer! Come to onee-chan, quick!
That’s right Komekko! That man always plays obscene pranks on your sister. Come here before he lays his claws on you!
Thank you, Komekko can have it. Onii-chan’s already full.
… No matter how much food you bring, I won’t give you Komekko!
That’s a misunderstanding! Please don’t listen to those two!
By the way, I heard Kazuma-san has a huge amount of debt, correct? I won’t object since I feel that Kazuma-san’s a good person… But if you want to be with our daughter, shouldn’t you do so after clearing your debts…?
What do you mean by ‘be with your daughter’? Didn’t I just explain that we’re just friends?
From the letters sent by my daughter, I thought the two of you were close, right…?
No, wait, may I ask what was written on the letters?
For example, …
Admiring the scene of my daughter being covered in goo.
Saying things like, ‘Did your bust grow bigger?’ while piggybacking my daughter.
Bathing together with my daughter.
When my daughter was napping defenseless on the couch, you’ll squat down with your hands on your knees to peek under her skirt.
When feeding Chomusuke, you’ll put panties before him and say, ‘Listen up, it looks like this, if you can steal this for me, I’ll treat you to better food’, teaching him to do bad things.
… And so, your relationship is so close that sexual harassment becomes commonplace…
Even so, my daughter still thinks you’re an important comrade she can’t just ignore. She even wrote that even though you’re a pervert who is full of debt with poor combat skills, vulgar language, and lacks common sense, she can’t leave you alone because you’ll die easily if she doesn’t keep an eye on you. My daughter already said this much, so I think there must be something…
According to my daughter, she’s the main damage dealer in Kazuma-san’s team; the team won’t be able to function without her. And she was the one who defeated the Demon King’s General Vanir, forced another general out from his castle by bombarding his castle every day, and made huge contributions in subjugating that general…
Hmm. And she was the one to deal the final blow to the Mobile Fortress Destroyer! Oh, my daughter really made a name for herself!
The letter also states many things about you and your comrades… Well, do you still have a lot of debt? This concerns the team my daughter’s in. We want to help, too, but my family’s not that well off…
Ah, no, the debt’s already been cleared. I should be able to get a large amount of money after this trip, so there are no problems, don’t worry.
… Oh. Pray tell how much you’ll be getting…
About three hundred million eris.
Three hundred million?
Ah, Kazuma-san, that’s right, how about staying here for the night? You’re my daughter’s comrade, so we must treat you well! How about staying here from now on? As an adventurer, you’re probably wandering around without a fixed home, right?
Yes! Komekko, sleep with me and dad in the living room tonight! Those two can just sleep in our room! But our house is small, so there’s only our room and Megumin’s old room… It’s a bit cramped for so many people to stay here… Hey hubby, how about…
No, no need… I, well, have a mansion in Axel…
Mansion!!
Next! Something amazing will come out from this box!
Something will definitely jump out when she opens it! That’s it, Komekko!
Amazing! Amazing!
Mum! Meat! Meat!
My dear, I hear that vegetables are good for your skin, so leave the meat to me. I wish for you to be beautiful forever!
Ara, ara, hubby, your hair’s thinning, eating the seaweed salad should be enough for you!
Hey, Dad, Mum! The blue-haired nee-chan’s amazing! She made a big Neroid come out from a small box!
It was amazing, Kazuma. Something physically impossible happened: A Neroid physically larger than the box came out and flew away through the window. I’ve been thinking about that all this while…
… Say, this has been bothering me for a while now, can I watch your tricks carefully?
Don’t wanna. Performances aren’t done by request, I’ll do so only when I feel hyped up. If you want to see it no matter what, then prepare a party that’ll make me want to perform.
How dumb… I already aimed for your mouth, so catch it properly… Stop, stop! You don’t even drink much, don’t take all of my pea pods!
What nonsense is this? Aren’t you concerned about your daughter? What you’re doing is sending a delicious lamb into the cage of a beast that’s been starved for a week!
Even if you say that… They’ve been living under the same roof all this while, and nothing went wrong, correct? There aren’t any problems. My daughter is of marriageable age, and Kazuma-san’s a sensible adult… Even if something did happen, wouldn’t that mean both parties were willing? If that’s the case, I can’t say anything even as a parent.
… By the way, Darkness-san, why are you so against this? Would it be inconvenient for you if Kazuma-san sleeps together with my daughter?
Huh? That’s like saying I’m jealous, it feels unpleasant, please don’t say that…
Is, is that so, my apologies. I seemed to be mistaken. But it would be too cramped to move my daughter to the other room. If no one sleeps in the same room as Kazuma-san…
Just let Hyoizaburo-san sleep with Kazuma, problem solved.
Eh?
That’s not lewd at all–eh, no, from what I understand about my daughter’s letter, letting Komekko sleep with him is out of the question, and I’ll feel uneasy if the head of the family does that too…
In that case…! I’ll sleep beside him! If it’s me, even if that beast tried anything, I’ll resist to the end…! No, maybe resistance would be futile, and I’ll become a playtime for his abnormal lust and do something incredible. That, that’s right, he must’ve accumulated a lot of lust during this journey. He even stayed up all night! I heard that boys will become agitated after staying up all night…! He might forcefully press me down despite my resistance, cover my mouth and say to me threateningly, ‘You’ll wake Komekko, keep quiet unless you want everyone to hear this’ and…
Sleep.
Ara, Kazuma-san. Just finished your bath? Darkness-san fell asleep, could you help me carry her to the room?
You’ve been of great help. Darkness-san must be tired from her tough journey, and won’t wake before morning. My husband, Komekko, and I are all deep sleepers, so we won’t wake even if it’s a bit noisy… Kazuma-san, you must be tired, do retire early for today.
Eh, well… I won’t hold back and go straight to sleep… Just to let you know, I’ve known Megumin for a long time so there won’t be any accidents, all right? Please don’t believe what that perverted crusader who’s been holding it in said.
I know, I know, so no problem! If something does happen, you’ll take proper responsibility…!
Both of you, enjoy yourselves…!
Lock!
Morning. Did you sleep well?
Hmm… Morning Kazuma… Um, how long did I sleep…?
I see…
… So, why am I sleeping in the same bedding as Kazuma?
… Don’t make me say it, it’s embarrassing.
What did you say?
Hey, don’t pull the blankets, it’s cold. Calm down first.
Why are you so calm? The first thing I noticed after waking up was that I was sleeping with Kazuma in my nostalgic room! How can I stay calm…?
Hey, do you really think I’m a lowlife who’ll do something to you while you were sleeping? I’ve been wondering for a while now, what do you all think I am? We’ve been living in the same mansion for over a year now and nothing’s happened, right? Darkness too, treating me like some sort of beast when she heard I would be sleeping with Megumin.
… Ugh. You, you have a point, sorry… I’m a bit confused seeing this straight after waking up… You, you’re right, Kazuma might sexually harass others when he cracks jokes, but he isn’t someone who’ll do it for real.
Of course, don’t look down on me. After all, your mother was the one who pushed me into this room. She even locked it with a spell, so I’ve got no choice but to hide in the blanket.
Really, she…
That’s how it is. It’s cold outside, so get in. Don’t worry, I won’t do anything.
… You really won’t do anything? It’s just the two of us here.
Don’t be stupid, it’s such a rare chance for the two of us to be alone, how can I not do anything? I’ve even gotten permission from your parents!
I knew that would happen! I’ll sleep over at Yunyun’s place tonight!!
Ahhh? Damn, it’s a trap!!
Megumin, Megumin, it’s a rare chance for us to visit, so take us sightseeing around the village.
Sightseeing…? You do know that this village is at war with the Demon King’s army, right?
No problem. Since the village is safe, we can teleport back to Axel if you want to. Since Aqua proposed so, let’s spend the day relaxing in the village and stay another night.
Hmm, so there are people here who can teleport us to Axel. The journey back will be much easier.
Trashzuma seems really happy. I’ll be sightseeing together with Megumin, what about the others?
All right, I don’t have anything to do anyway, so I… Hey, what did you just call me?
Did I say something strange?
No, no… Just my imagination, right…? Never mind, what about you, Darkness?
There’s somewhere I want to go. I heard the blacksmith here is skilled, so I want to visit as an armor enthusiast. Scumzuma, go ahead with your sightseeing without me.
Well, okay… Hey, what did you just say?!
So, it’ll be Aqua, Lowlifezuma, and me sightseeing. There are many scenic places in the village, I don’t think it’ll be boring–
Wait a minute!
What is it, Trashzuma who wanted to make a move on the sleeping Megumin?
I’m very sorry…!!
I hope the orcs attack you again.
What is this?
This is the holy relic of this village…
No matter how I look at it, this is a figurine of a cat-eared girl in swimwear.
A long time ago, our ancestors saved a traveler who was attacked by monsters… As thanks, the traveler gifted this holy relic to them. The traveler said that this is a relic even more important than his own life. We don’t know what goddess this is, but good things might happen if we pray to it, so we placed it here in deep reverence. I heard that the way to construct these buildings known as shrines was taught to our ancestors by this traveler.
Hey Kazuma, it displeases me how that figurine is being treated as well as me, an actual goddess.
As the one who sent the guy with this thing here, you should be the one apologizing to the Crimson Demons.
This is the holy sword that’s said to grant immense powers to the one who pulls it out.
As expected of the Crimson Demon village! Such an amazing thing!
Hey, hey, can we try?
That’s fine, but it’ll take some time; you need to pay a challenge fee to the old blacksmith first. You can challenge this after paying and each person will have only one try.
The old blacksmith made this sword to attract tourists. A spell has been cast on it, so that only the ten thousandth person can pull it out. There have only been a hundred or so challengers. After all, this sword has only been here for four short years.
Hey, isn’t the history of his holy sword too recent?
Hey, I can probably break the seal with my magic. Can I take this sword with me?
Please don’t do that. This is one of the attractions in this village, don’t pull it out!
This is known as the ‘Wishing Fountain’. There’s a legend about this fountain. If you give offerings such as axes or coins, you can summon the goddess of gold and silver. Even now, there are people who throw axes and coins in.
I don’t know who spread this legend… If not for the kind blacksmith who clears the fountain periodically, this place would’ve become a pool of weapons.
… By the way, what did the blacksmith do with the coins and weapons he fished out?
He recycles them into new weapons and armor, of course.
Well then, off to the next attraction… Hmm? Where did Aqua go?
… Hey, what are you doing? I can’t let my guard down with you around.
I heard there were people who threw their coins in, so I dove down and picked them up… Hey, when it’s the tourist season, I’ll allow you to hire me as the goddess of this fountain.
Okay, I’ll throw an axe into the water. Catch it and turn it into money for me.
Let’s go to the next attraction, next one!
This is the underground facility that seals the ‘weapon that might destroy the world’. No one knows when it appeared here… I heard that this facility was built at the same time as that mysterious facility over there…
What do you mean by ‘mysterious facility’? What’s that building used for?
I mean it’s literally a mysterious facility. Even after going inside to investigate, we still don’t know who built it, for what purpose or even when it was built. So, we call it the ‘mysterious facility’ and it has been like this all this time.
Well, the ‘weapon that might destroy the world’ sounds really scary, but this entire village are experts in magic, so the seal won’t be undone so easily. It was a good choice to seal it away here.
You came too late; there was the ‘tomb of the evil god’ and ‘place where the unknown goddess was sealed’. But something happened and their seals were broken.
Aren’t your seals here too unreliable? Hey, is it fine to put the ‘prohibited weapon that might destroy the world’ in this place?
No, no problem. To unseal the place, you need to solve a riddle and input the correct answer. The riddle is written in an ancient language no one understands… So, there are no problems, trust me on this!
Welcome… Hmm? Megumin, are these two outsiders?
I’m Chekera! An Archwizard that wields Advanced Magic! Shop owner of the number one tailor shop in the Crimson Demon Clan!
Once again, welcome to my shop! Oh, it’s been so long since I saw an outsider! How long has it been since I made my grand introduction? Thanks to you, I’m much more relaxed now.
I’m Satou Kazuma. So this is the top tailor shop of the Crimson Demons, that’s impressive.
This is the only tailor shop in the Crimson Demon village , after all.
Are you messing around with me?
There aren’t many shops in the village anyway. This is the only tailor and there’s only one shoe store. All the other shops are one of a kind too.
Putting that aside… What brings you here? You want new clothes?
I want to buy a spare robe to wear. Do you have the same type as the one I’m wearing? Yunyun gave me this robe, but it isn’t convenient if there’s only one.
– This type… I have a batch that’s just been dyed.
I’ll take them all.
All of them? Oh, that Megumin is now a bourgeois…? Seems like you’re doing well as an adventurer.
Of course, it’s about time the villagers learn about my exploits outside. And this robe is my battle wear, it’ll be good to have more of it… And so, Kazuma who’s going to be rich soon, lend me money.
Ah, you… Hah, forget it, we probably won’t visit this village ever again. I’ll lend you some.
… Hey.
…? What is it?
You, this… Hey wait, how can you use this terrible thing as a laundry pole?
Oh, do you know what this thing is used for, customer? This laundry pole has been passed down in my family for generations. It won’t rust, so we treat it like a treasure.
No matter how I look at it, isn’t this a rifle?
The view here’s really great. If I knew, I would’ve brought our lunch box and we could have picnicked here.
If you want to see the view, there’s an observation platform at the top of the hill. The magic telescope is powerful enough to see the Demon King’s castle. I heard the most recommended watch spot is the room of the Demon King’s daughter.
You guys are really worthless; even the Demon King’s castle has been commoditized by you.
Hey Megumin, the view’s nice here, but didn’t I tell you I wanted to visit somewhere romantic?
This place is romantic. This is known as the ‘hill of the demon god’. Legends say that if you confess here and become a couple, you’ll be bound together by the curse of the demon god and can never break up. This is a romantic attraction made for lovers…
What a depressing love story! It’s not romantic at all…! What’s that?
Hey Megumin! There are Demon King’s soldiers there! Isn’t that near your house?
Let me look. They’re relentless. I don’t understand why they keep attacking despite us beating them up so thoroughly. If they’re sneaking around, their objective is probably not to attack the people, but something like the facility inside the village.
Isn’t there a tomb sealing an evil god? An objective that matches the Demon King’s army would be the revival of an evil god… But isn’t the seal broken?
It was broken. What else would the Demon King’s army want…? Could it be the holy relic inside the cat ear shrine…?
If the Demon King really wants something like that, I think it’d be better for him to be wiped out along with this village.
Maybe they’re aiming for the prohibited weapon that might destroy the world or something?
That’s impossible. After all, that facility’s sealed differently from the other places, and no one knows the way to use that weapon.
Anyway, no one in the village has discovered them yet, they’ll be invaded! Let’s hurry down and tell everyone that the Demon King’s army is here!
As expected of Kazuma, skillful in using the influence of others to intimidate people.
What’s with this woman? Where did she come from? What’s your goal?
Sylvia-sama! She didn’t run for help and lacks any means to attack powerfully, that’s too suspicious! This might be a trap, let’s retreat!
You shall not pass! You’ll have to defeat me if you want to go any further! However, I definitely won’t be defeated by the likes of the Demon King’s army!
What a troublesome woman! Her attacks are pathetic, but her defense is incredibly tough! Why can’t she just run after learning the difference in our prowess? Sylvia-sama, let’s ignore her and complete our main objective!
Darkness, good work in hanging in there for so long! We’re here to save you!
Ka-Kazuma? What, why are you here so soon…?
I was disappointed when I heard the orcs I had great hopes for were all female, and now, even the Demon King’s army boss is a woman! Hey, if you’ve any pride as an underling of the Demon King, show me your might! If you have the guts, make me submit to you and scream ‘Master~❤’ or something!
Just shut up, you just messed up your chance to put up a great performance.
Hee… Did you miss your attack on purpose to make us underestimate you, while your real purpose was to buy time? With defenses powerful enough to stop us for so long, you must be a high leveled Crusader… Not hitting my minions with your attack was just an act to hide your real skills huh… Not bad…
… Ah, ah, since, since you saw through it… It can’t be helped…
You’re Sylvia, right? That Crusader’s my comrade and the hero who took an Explosion head on in the battle with Demon King’s general, Vanir. You’re pretty good to grasp her true abilities in just this brief exchange…
Hey Megumin, the way Kazuma’s putting it seems weird.
Shh! It looks interesting, so let’s observe for now. Maybe he’ll boast about us too.
… Vanir, you say? I heard he went to Axel and never came back… Could it be you all…?
That’s right, the one beside me–Megumin, dealt him the final blow.
Not just that, the four of us even faced the Dullahan Beldia, the deadly poison slime Hans, and the high bounty target Mobile Fortress Destroyer, and defeated them all!
What, what did you say…? I heard about the defeat of Beldia, but when did Hans–? His periodic report from Alcanretia stopped, so it might be true…!
… You’re the leader of your team, right? Can you tell me your name?
… Mitsurugi Kyouya. That’s my name.
Mitsurugi…! Now I understand. I heard about the magic sword user Mitsurugi… You’ve got a weird sword with you too, which confirms it. You’re my type, you know…? But for the Crimson Demons and a powerful character like you to be here, this is troubling. Can you let me off this one time?
… This jerk got scared at the crucial moment again. He just had to state that fellow’s name.
He was arrogant because of the mob of Crimson Demons behind him, but he’s backing off right now.
That’s true, it would be my victory if we fought right now, but it wouldn’t feel right. It’d be as if I borrowed the might of the Crimson Demons to defeat you. Very well, I’ll let you run for now. That is, if the Crimson Demons behind me will allow you to.
My deep thanks, Mitsurugi. Farewell, we’ll have a proper match next time! My name is Sylvia, a general of the Demon King’s army…! Retreat!
You won’t escape! Lightning Strike!
Light of Saber!
Catch her for magic experimentation, ahhh!
– General of the Demon King’s army, Sylvia, huh…?
Hey Kazuma, you’re not done with your act yet?
That onee-san was amazing! She was fine even after being hit by magic and arrows!
Ha, it’s nothing… As a Crusader, this isn’t much…
I heard about it too, Darkness-san. You’re the one who stopped Sylvia’s infiltration, right? This team’s dependable, I can leave my daughter in Kazuma-san’s care without worries now. Oh right, about the room allocation tonight, Kazuma-san…
Eh, where did Hyoizaburo-san go?
My husband said he had plenty of work to do and decided to sleep over at his workshop… I’ll heat the water up, then.
By the way, your taunts are great, let’s settle things with Sylvia next time!
That’s a great idea, I already ordered a popular model of armor from a skilled blacksmith, and it’ll be done in a few days. Hehe, I’m looking forward to the armor and the duel with Sylvia…!
What nonsense are the two of you saying? We’re going home tomorrow. We finished sightseeing and have no reason to stay in this village. We’ll rush home with haste tomorrow and spend our days lazing at home.
Huh?
Running away after saying such a cool line? Didn’t she ask you to settle things with her next time?
Fighting such a beautiful general would weigh on my conscience, so let’s adopt a more conservative strategy this time. We can enjoy a bubbly NEET life after going home, so why should I wait here for that Demon King’s general to find trouble with me?
Why you! After making such a grand scene, you’re going to run away?
You’re not planning to meet them ever again after intimidating them so much? That’s going too far!
Not really, I was just thinking that we’ll be going home tomorrow, so I acted cool for fun. The chance of us meeting again will be very low. Why would I say something like that to a Demon King’s General? I only did so because the Crimson Demons got my back in that moment.
This fellow’s too much! What a jerk!
And you call yourself a human being?
Everyone, the water’s ready… Ara, what’s the matter?
Nothing, let me take the bath first.
Hey wait, don’t run!
We’re not done yet!
Hmm? Why do you look as if you just had a bath?
I bathed outside, they told me there’s a bathhouse nearby called ‘mixed hot spring’.
Megumin, where are you going so late at night? I won’t allow my daughter who’s in her delicate age to stay outside! You came back from somewhere early this morning too!
For me who’s in my delicate age, my own house is the most dangerous, so I’ll sleep over at Yunyun’s! You’re scheming to make me sleep with Kazuma, right?
Ara, it’ll be fine if it’s Kazuma-san. Trust your mother’s judgement, he definitely wouldn’t let me down…
You’re turning against your daughter for an outsider? No, you only said that because you understood his true nature, right? ‘Not let you down’ means exactly that, correct?
I don’t care what you’re quarreling over, I’m going to sleep… After my bath, I see that even Darkness is sleeping, I should turn in too…
No point in talking about this further! I’m sleeping over at Yunyun’s place!
I won’t let you escape! Ankle Snare!
What, what? You used magic on your own daughter, are you really a mothe-…?
Sleep.
I’m sorry, Kazuma-san, my daughter fell asleep at a strange place… Could you help me carry her to her room?
Hey Megumin, stop pretending to sleep. You’re awake, right?
Freeze!
… Ugh…
Morning Megumin, did you sleep well?
… Morning. Hmm? Is this my room?
–!! You finally crossed the line, you beast! Kazuma, you animal! I thought you are a coward who would commit sexual harassment, but doesn’t have the guts to do it when the time comes!
Hey, hold it, I didn’t do anything! It’s just handholding, don’t make such a fuss! Look, isn’t it much colder than yesterday? I only held your hand unconsciously because it was too cold.
You, you really didn’t do anything? And with the lesson from yesterday, I won’t trust you so easily.
Idiot, how long did you think you’ve been sleeping? I’ve been staying by your side honestly all this while.
Is, is that so? Sorry, Kazuma, I misunderstood you again. That’s true, if Kazuma had the guts to cross the line, you would’ve taken a gamble and made a move on Darkness… I said something rude, I apologize.
Ah, it’s fine. However, it would be nice to thank me occasionally, right? All of you keep getting caught up in troublesome matters, and I keep having to clean up after you. Don’t you think I deserve some thanks?
… Gratitude, right? You have a point.
… Thank you for taking me in when I had nowhere to go in Axel, even though I’m a troublesome mage who can only use Explosion. Thank you for carrying me home after I exhaust my mana. Thank you for letting me stay on the team despite all the troubles I caused you.
What’s the matter? I’m just thanking you, right? Weren’t you the one who asked for this? Why are you acting so shy?
… Well, um, I was saved by you all numerous times too. According to your customs… I’m Satou Kazuma, the one who gets dragged repeatedly into troublesome matters, holder of the weakest job in Axel. My goal is to earn a lot of money and live happily ever after with all of you… Please, please take care of me from now on!
Me too, please take care of me from now on… By the way, it’s really cold today. The house is run down, so maybe the cold got in from somewhere… Um, Kazuma really won’t do anything to me, right? It’s too cold, so I’ll go back into the blanket.
… Me-Megumin, aren’t you a bit too close…?
You’re always sexually harassing me, and now you act all timid? And you said you wouldn’t do anything, right? It should be fine then.
… Hey, hey, don’t be so proactive, young girl. That time at the campsite too, if you do something like that out of the blue, my heart won’t be able to take it… Last night, Darkness even told your mother that letting you sleep with me was like putting a lamb into the cage of a beast that had been starving for a week.
Did Darkness say that? But she also said that even in a situation where you can do it for real, you would be too timid to act and brush it off with a joke.
Hey, what do you talk about with Darkness when you’re alone with her? Tell me, I promise I won’t get angry.
… Hey, you two must’ve been speaking ill of me.
It’s a secret. Be-besides that, let’s tuck in early. We’re returning to Axel tomorrow, right? Let’s go back to our peaceful days there.
… I feel like visiting the washroom.
Ah, but your mom locked the door today–
She really… Never mind, I’ll go out from the windows tonight…
… Kazuma, what’s going on?
… Winter Shogun passed by just now and left after freezing the window.
Kazuma! What happened just now? This must be Kazuma’s handiwork! I know Kazuma did this, but I don’t understand what your objective is! Why did you freeze the window?
… If I tell you that honestly, will you promise not to be mad?
If you don’t tell me, I’ll get everyone to treat you in a crueler manner than today.
… Are you an idiot? Is Kazuma someone who can react according to the situation or an idiot? Give my gratitude just now back!
You’re absolutely right. I think it’s strange too, why did I act so dumb for two nights in a row?
Open the door! Hey, open it…! Mom, mom!
… How should I put this, it’s cold so let’s sleep for now. It’ll be fine, I won’t do anything, trust me. If you can’t hold it in… There’s an empty bottle over there.
Let me ask you again, what do you want me to do with that empty bottle? And I trusted you until just now, but I feel a sense of danger like never before! Ah, this is really…
It’s my fault, I guarantee you that I won’t do anything. I must’ve been possessed by an evil spirit to have frozen the window with magic. I’m really sorry.
At least say that when you’re out of the blanket…
Yahoo!
Kazuma, you’ll get it from me in the morning.
Don’t worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself.
… Hey, aren’t you cold? I’m really cold, so come closer.
… I really want you to give back the nice atmosphere just now…
Freeze.
You just complained about it being cold and you’re casting freeze? Just how much do you want to stick to me?
Sigh… There’s only one pillow, so you use it. I’ll sleep on your arm.
Hey, hey, I’ll feel troubled if you lean over so obediently.
Just like Darkness said, ‘Even in a situation where you can do it for real, you’ll be too timid to act and brush it off with a joke.’
Demon King’s army alert! Demon King’s army alert! A portion of the Demon King’s army has infiltrated the village!
Ah… Ahhh! Just a bit further! A little more…! … Sigh, why must I meet you at a time like this? As expected of you, my subordinates’ diversion attack didn’t work on you at all! Did you rush here after realizing my true objective? Mit–
You’re noisy, shut it.
Asking me to shut it? You might be a magic sword user, but a mere human dare–
Didn’t I tell you to shut it? Are you looking for a beating? Interrupting me when things are going so well, who do you think you are? What time do you think it is? Do you think the neighbors don’t need to sleep?
Sor- sorry…
Hey, how dare you yell at me, you’ve got guts. Come at me together with that girl there, I’ll finish off both of you in one go!
Ara, ara, were you having a good time with that kid there? I really did something that spoiled the mood then.
Hey! Why is it so noisy in the middle of the night? What’s happening? Did Megumin sleep too much and cast an explosion?
Hey Aqua, a general of the Demon King’s army is attacking! Get Hyoizaburo-san or Madam to come here!
I won’t hold back just because you’re a beauty! I’m all for gender equality, a man who won’t hesitate in drop kicking an evil woman!
Ara, I was hoping you’d show me some mercy. Thank you for calling me a beauty! I feel like just eating you up!
Hmm, what is it? A gift for me?
… This is a magic sword? The craftsmanship’s too rough… Are you really Mitsurugi? Is the magic sword Gram something like this?
It’s Chunchunmaru.
… Ah?
I said this sword is Chunchunmaru. This is a really normally named sword, Chunchunmaru. Don’t compare it with Gram, some name that sounds like the bones of a horse.
… Fufu, hahaha! You’re not the magic sword user Mitsurugi, right? Can you tell me your real name, and why you’re pretending to be Mitsurugi?
… My name’s Satou Kazuma. I pretended to be Mitsurugi because I don’t want you to know my real name and target me.
Ah, hah! Hahaha! That’s amazing, your idea is too wonderful! I like it!
Hey, I already told Madam who’s waking Darkness, she’ll be right there!
Stop resisting! Bind!
This man’s my hostage! That girl over there, I don’t know why you didn’t cast any spells, but this man will be dragged in if you do!
What…! Ka-Kazuma! Are you all right? You seem to be enjoying yourself.
Hmm? You look like a devil! I won’t let you escape, the one panting heavily in your chest right now’s my important… Important… Hey Kazuma! What’s my relationship with you? What should I say to look cool?
Hey boy, don’t breathe hot air into me, it’s making me excited. Be a good boy and I’ll give you a reward later.
But, but I can’t breathe like this…
Sacred Exorcism!
? Ahhh!!
You, you’ve done it now…! Even my leather one-piece dress made from the skin of low-level devils is torn…! But too bad, I’m not a pure devil. It might hurt, but it’s not lethal. Listen up, if you attack again, I’ll kill him!
My name is Sylvia! Director of the monster enhancement division, the one who’ll keep modifying my own body! That’s right, I’m a chimera, growth chimera Sylvia! I’ll take this boy with me. My cute boy, become one with me again, Bind!
Ka-Kazuma! Give Kazuma back…! … Kazuma, you didn’t resist just now, are you doing this on purpose?
No.
Ugh…! I was too careless…!
Demon King’s general! The people in this household have gone off to get the other Crimson Demons! It’s only a matter of time before reinforcements come. Throw that hopeless man who’s closing his eyes blissfully while putting his head into your breasts away and disappear! If you want a hostage no matter what… Pick me…! I’ll take his place! Please let me be the hostage in place of Kazuma!
Ara, hey, you’re quite the ladies’ man! Two lovers? But no, I like him. Hey, you’re Kazuma, right? How about joining the Demon King’s army? I think you and I’ll get along well.
… Hey, Kazuma has gotten really close to the enemy before I knew it. She’s even patting his head.
… Hey Kazuma, why are you stuck in a place like that…? Sigh, I really can’t let my guard down. You must’ve been seduced by the breasts of that woman. Can’t be helped, I’ll save you now, so stay still…
Don’t bother.
Huh?
I said don’t bother. All of you, especially Darkness, your attitudes toward me recently have been terrible. Sylvia-san here’s treating me very nicely. As you all have been treating me terribly all the time, I was just thinking of switching my allegiance to the Demon King’s army, instead. Apologize, it’s about time for you to apologize for making me clean up after you girls! Megumin thanked me just now too, so apologize!
Hey… Hey Kazuma, don’t joke like that. It’s so convincing that it doesn’t feel like a joke at all. Um… It’s true, we were a bit mean to you… Um, I went too far when I was introducing you to Megumin’s family, sorry. Oh right, didn’t you say you wanted a medal? I understand, your accomplishments are exemplary, when we go back to Axel I’ll…
Can you act more sincerely?! It’s too late to tempt me with money now, show me your sincerity! Look closely at the situation right now! Sylvia-san’s showing me her bountiful peaks! And what about your strong point? Say it! Say it now!
My, my defense…?
Wrong! Isn’t your strong point your slutty body that can seduce men? Why are you saying stupid stuff and pretending to be a pure girl?
Hey, this man’s beyond saving. He’s talking strangely, let’s leave him to the Demon King’s army.
No, we can’t, even so, he’s still useful during crucial moments.
I-I…! Never, did seduce…!
Yes, you did! Really, your body’s so slutty! Tonight! My luck stat is at the max! This is probably the most popular period of my life! Apologize now! If you don’t want me who’s at the most popular period of my life to leave with Sylvia-san, then apologize! For example, … Let me think…
Good, good… As expected of the man I set my eyes on! I’ll let you join the Demon King’s army! But don’t bully that Crusader girl too much, all right? You have to treat the delicate hearts of girls with care.
You’re a demon, but you could empathize with the feelings of young girls, huh…? It’s impossible to discern the age of demons from appearance, could your empathy stem from experience of being a thousand-year-old woman?
Ara, of course I understand, be it the heart of young girls or boys.
After all, half of me is a man.
…… What?
Hmm, didn’t I tell you?
I’m a chimera. These breasts you like so much aren’t natural, but added after the fact.
… Ka-Kazuma? Um… You, pull yourself together…! Hey! Snap out of it! It, it’ll be okay, calm… Calm down…
By the way, you really are a nice man… Just caressing your head like that makes my breasts and lower body excited.
Sylvia-san, Sylvia-san, there’s something hard pressed against my butt… that’s my imagination, right?
I did that on purpose.
Hey, hey, wake up.
… Waaahhhh! Stop it, Sylvia, don’t come near me! Or I’ll kill you!!
Hey, calm down. Don’t worry, I won’t do anything weird. The Crimson Demons have retreated, so I’ll let you go now. After all, you let me off once before.
This is the entrance to the underground warehouse of the Crimson Demon village, which is the place they sealed the ‘weapon that might destroy the world’.
… What is that?
You’re a smart man, you should be able to guess it, right? ‘Barrier Killer’– If I gave you this hint, you should be able to understand.
Your group kept trying to infiltrate this place to steal that weapon, right?
Correct. There’s a powerful magic item placed inside that warehouse. According to rumors, it’s a nemesis of the people in this village.
However, I heard that the seal is unique and no one can open it. Also, no one can understand how to use that weapon.
Hmm? No problem, the magic item I have with me is an extremely powerful barrier killer in the demon world. It can even break the seals of the gods… Huh? T-This is odd…
The magic item isn’t reacting at all! This seal isn’t magical in nature, just what…! What, what should I do…?
‘Konami code’…? What does it mean, it wants me to input the Konami code?
You, you can read the ancient language?
No, this is a language from my country. The Konami code is a cheat code everyone knows, and it’s asking me to enter the code here…
You’re really a man beyond my expectations; to think you can undo the seal neither I nor the Crimson Demons could break…
I-I’m also an adventurer, don’t think that I’ll submit to the Demon King’s army so easily. You saw that Archpriest earlier, she can use resurrection, so it’s useless to threaten to take my life…
Violence isn’t the only way to pry open the mouth of someone, all right? Hehe, my skills are on par with succubi; I wonder how long you can last in such ecstasy?
… Really, can you even call yourself a man? Sigh, never mind, time’s short. It’s dark in there, I wonder what’s in front?
Hmm? Did they turn off the lights when they were running away? No choice, although my night vision isn’t too good in total darkness…
Hey, do you have anything that can be used as a light source…?
Eh?
–? –! ––!!
Kazuma! Are you all right? Where’s Sylvia?
You came too late, I locked Sylvia inside with an elegant counter attack. It seems that the door can’t be opened from the inside. Let’s leave her in there for a couple of weeks, that should tame her a little.
You, you trapped her in there? Guess that’s fine, she probably can’t activate the weapon. No one knows how to, after all. Still, to think Sylvia could undo that seal…
T-To lock a Demon King’s General inside… Such, such a cruel way of fighting…
To capture Sylvia that escaped from our hands so many times, way to go outsider!
This gang of people have already taken down three generals of the Demon King’s army. Defeating Sylvia is nothing strange.
Hey Kazuma, isn’t that the place with the dangerous weapon? Is it really fine trapping that damn transvestite in there?
It’s fine, it’s fine, even we can’t comprehend how to use it; it’s impossible for Sylvia to understand.
Yeah, that’s right. If Sylvia can activate the weapon, I’ll walk one round around the village on my hands.
All right, let’s go have a drink.
… Hey, are they doing that on purpose? Are the Crimson Demons full of people who won’t feel happy unless they get into trouble? Will they feel uneasy if they don’t raise such flags?
Do-Don’t say that; I won’t deny that the Crimson Demons like to find trouble, but it’ll be fine this time. See, it’s getting quiet in there, maybe she suffocated?
Hmm? … Hey Kazuma, can you feel the ground shaking?
Hey, this is bad! I have a bad feeling about this! Let’s get out of here and…!
What are you scheming, Kazuma? We managed to take out the Demon King’s general, right? Hey, even though Kazuma did it alone, we’re a team, so we should split the bounty, right? Hehe, what should I buy with Sylvia’s bounty money?
You dumbass, why must you always raise a flag? Hey Megumin, Darkness! Let’s retreat! No, we should get the Crimson Demons to send us back to Axel…!
Ah, hahaha! You’ve got guts, boy! You think I came here just to steal the weapon? My name’s Sylvia! As you can see–
I’m a Demon King’s general that can combine with weapons and the like! Growth Chimera Sylvia!
It’s the ‘Mage Killer’! She absorbed the ‘Mage Killer’!
Ahhh, oh no Kazuma! Things are a mess! Let’s run away, now, immediately, run!
Hey, that’s the Mage Killer!
Abandon the village! It’s hopeless!
Teleport!
Hey Megumin, explain it to me! What’s a Mage Killer? Is it really that scary? Is that the weapon that might destroy the world?
The weapon that might destroy the world shouldn’t be like that…! However, the thing Sylvia combined with was equally dangerous, something called a ‘Mage Killer’…!
It’s something that’s completely immune to magic, the nemesis of the Crimson Demons. A weapon that specializes in killing mages!
The village is burning…
By the way, how did Sylvia break that seal?
Did she use a magic item to break the barrier? But no matter what kind of barrier destruction item it may be, it shouldn’t work on that seal…
No matter what it is, we can only abandon this village. It’s frustrating to let the Demon King’s army get its way, but we can always make a comeback if we still have our lives.
Hey Megumin, is there really no way to fight that Mage Killer?
As explained earlier, as the name implies, Mage Killer’s a weapon specializing in exterminating mages. It’s immune to magic. I heard that when the Mage Killer went on a rampage long ago, our ancestors used another weapon that was sealed away to destroy it. After overcoming that crisis, they repaired the Mage Killer as a memento and sealed it again…
Why did they repair such a dangerous thing? …No, wait, you said that there’s a weapon that can fight the Mage Killer?
… Kazuma, unfortunately no one knows how to use the weapon that can fight the Mage Killer. The instruction manual’s left behind, but even the village chief can’t read it…
Hmph… I’ll be the decoy and lure Sylvia away. With the support of all the Crimson Demons, I won’t die so easily.
What are you saying? Don’t you know we’re totally helpless here? Are you stupid? Even a goblin knows better than to fight a futile battle. Are you dumber than a goblin?
You, you really–! We’ll settle this after we go back to Axel! I still remember those horrible words you said to me back then! Also, I’m not doing this without any plans!
While I’m aggravating Sylvia, you and Aqua, who have night vision, can use Lurk to sneak into that destroyed underground warehouse and retrieve that whatever weapon.
… But no one knows how to use the weapon in question! Weren’t you listening?
Of course I heard. I understand that. But thinking about it the other way, won’t the problem be solved if we knew how to operate it? Acting would be better than standing idly around. Don’t worry, I don’t know what weapon that might be, but as a noble, I’m rather familiar with magic items. I even fixed my father’s magic camera by knocking it in the past.
… All right, let’s give it a shot.
I don’t hate a situation where life and death depends on one single move!
In fact, I like it! You’re outsiders, but that’s pretty cool!
Hey! The Demon King’s General is still rampaging in the village! Why are we doing something so dangerous like sneaking into the village? I don’t wanna! My specialty’s providing support to everyone from a safe spot!!
Stop messing around and come with me! I can’t sift through it all alone!
How long is this futile struggle going to last? I thought the Crimson Demons were smarter than this!
Teleport!
Stop, stop Sylvia! Please! Don’t harm her!
You all killed my subordinates too, it’s payback time! Don’t worry, not just that woman, but also you, your family–everyone and this entire village will burn! … Prepare yourself!
Run, even if it’s just you… I’ll give everything I have to fight Sylvia, so you must use this chance to run!
Sylvia, this is my trump card! Watch carefully! And…
Please, Bukkoroli… Forget about me, you must live a happy life…
Soketto! Please Sylvia, stop! Soketto, I’ll never forget you…!
You’re really resolute! Come, let me see your final trump card! No matter what spell it is, I’ll take–
Teleport!
I, I absolutely hate the Crimson Demons.
Sylvia, it’s so pitiful of you to end up like this… At least let me use my ultimate, ahhh! That burns! It’s rude to interrupt when delivering a cool line, Sylvia!
I don’t want to drag this on anymore! If you don’t want to fight, then scram!
All right, let’s go! Hey Darkness, if things look dangerous for the Crimson Demons, I’ll be counting on you! No matter how strong they are, they’re still mages; they can’t escape if they exhaust their mana.
I understand, leave it to me!
What, what should I do? I can’t use Teleport, so I can’t even stall for time…
You’re the trump card during our critical moment. The Mage Killer only has high resistance to magic, right? Advance magic might be ineffective, but no one has tried fighting it with Explosion yet, right? Maybe Explosion will be able to deal some damage to it.
Ahahaha, what’s the matter? Come on, use your teleport magic!
Damn, the chanting’s not…! Hey, things are getting dire! Sylvia’s movement is becoming more agile!
Kazuma, I’ll guard the entrance into the warehouse, so don’t worry and search inside.
You’re still speaking nonsense, come with me!
… Hey, are we going to dig through that big pile over there?
Hey Kazuma, look, look!
Isn’t that a Game Girl? What’s such an ancient game console doing in a place like this?
Since there’s a game console, there must be game cartridges. Hey, if you find Tetris, give it to me, okay? I’ll lend it to Kazuma to play too!
Did I say that I was here to find games? What I want are weapons! Where’s that weapon-like thing? … By the way, what’s with this? These are all things from Earth…
Hey Kazuma, I found something.
– O Month X day. Oh no, the secret of the facility has been discovered, but fortunately, they don’t seem to know what I was making. If they find out that I was using the national research funds to make games, I wonder how they would punish me…
– O Month X Day. A high-ranking guy entered my sanctuary and asked me the purpose of these game consoles. There’s no way I can honestly tell him it’s a toy. Thus, I made a serious face and told him that these are weapons that might destroy the world. My female colleague turned on the power supply of the game console timidly, and was startled by the sound of the console starting up. She always acts so fierce, so why was she so afraid of a game console?
– O Month X Day. They increased my research budget and asked me to create a weapon to fight the Demon King’s army. Sigh, even if you say that, it’s hard to do it. Didn’t I already create all sorts of things with the cheat powers I got after coming to this world? My contribution to the nation was already tremendous. I won’t be able to take it if you keep pushing me like that. I tried telling them with a serious face, ‘War begets nothing…’, but my female colleague slapped my head and said that I only got this job because the Demon King existed. That’s true, but a weapon to fight against the Demon King… What should I make?
– O Month X Day. I want to make a giant robot, something that can transform and combine. After I submitted my proposal, they thought I was making fun of them. I was lectured, but I was serious. Out of spite, I said that we just needed to build a huge weapon with super powerful magic resistance. Unexpectedly, that proposal was approved. What the hell, is that fine? Even if you ask me to draw a design, what should I use as reference…? Oh? There’s a stray dog right there. You then, I’ll name the dog-form weapon ‘Mage Killer’.
– O Month X Day. After I submitted the design plans, they praised it and said, ‘I see, a snake huh? Much better than something with legs. A great idea.’ Eh, I drew a dog. I know my drawing’s poor, but please look closer, this is a sausage dog… On closer inspection, I really drew a snake!
– O Month X Day. Experimentation began. Hmm, it’s moving. Although it’s moving, that thing doesn’t have spare batteries. We tried bringing it to attack the demons and found it out of battery in no time. But those fellows were scared out of their wits. Using this chance, I said, ‘This weapon’s still too early for humanity’ and sealed it here. It can’t move since it doesn’t have batteries, but it can be used as material to create chimeras as living weapons. It won’t need batteries that way, and is really cool.
– O Month X Day. The new anti-Demon King weapons were created, …well, although I called them that, they were actually modified humans. We tried recruiting volunteers who were willing to undergo modification surgery and we gathered so many that we had to choose the volunteers by drawing lots. Does this bunch really understand what modified humans are? After explaining to them that this surgery was a simple experiment to raise their suitability of being a mage to the limit, the volunteers even made strange requests like, ‘I want a pair of red eyes’, ‘I want a unique call sign’. Is everyone in this nation an idiot?
– O Month X Day. The modification surgery’s finished. Those bunch even said something stupid like, ‘Master, please bestow us with a new name’. What Master, just how far are you guys going with this? It was troublesome, so I picked a name at random. They seemed so happy, is their aesthetic sense fine? However, these guys are strong, super strong. The high-ranking people gave me plenty of praises and wanted to give me an important post. From tomorrow onward, I’ll be the director of the research and development laboratory. To be honest, I don’t want the status and would rather have more benefits. Sigh, it’s a rare chance so I’ll give those fellows a clan name. Since their eyes are so red, I’ll call them the ‘Crimson Demons’. My female colleague retorted that the name was too casual and rolled her eyes. Damn that bitch.
Hey!
Ah, sorry, please continue.
– O Month X Day. The Crimson Demons bunch kept yapping to me about creating a nemesis that could fight against them–a ‘Mage Killer’ weapon. Sigh, didn’t I already tell them that thing can’t move? Also, that wasn’t made to be your nemesis, its batteries are flat… No matter how I explained, they just wouldn’t listen. They’re already so old, and yet they’re still in their rebellious stage. I couldn’t stand them anymore, so I sloppily made a… I was thinking of making it sloppily, but somehow, I created something really powerful. This thing’s probably the real weapon that might destroy the world. Its appearance was just like a railgun, although its operation principle had nothing to do with electromagnetic acceleration. I couldn’t think of a good name, so for convenience sake, I’ll name it ‘railgun (fake)’.
– O Month X Day. The railgun (fake) was amazing, too amazing. So amazing that it scared me. It was meant to be a light weapon that compresses mana and shoots it out, but after those guys tested one shot with it, the power even surprised me. What the hell, this is scary. That might be so, but it won’t last long. It was crafted from random parts, so it’ll break after a few shots. It would be terrible if someone uses it for evil, so let’s seal it here… By the way, this thing’s rather long, just the right length for a laundry pole… Oh no, this is bad, the high authorities seemed to be encouraged by the success of the Crimson Demon project and want to invest a large amount of money to create a super-sized mobile weapon. You think it’s so easy to build such a thing? Did water get inside your brain? Never mind, it’s not my problem anyway.
The notebook ends here… Hey, I think I’ve seen this handwriting somewhere before.
By the way, didn’t you read a notebook in the mobile fortress too? Is the handwriting the same as this one?
Hey, that notebook inside the Destroyer, was it in Japanese too?
That’s right.
Right your head! Why didn’t you tell me something so important?
You didn’t ask!
Damn it, so that’s how it is! The one who created this series of messes was another cheater you sent to this world! The Mobile Fortress Destroyer and the Mage Killer were all the work of this moron! Hey you! Don’t keep sending people to this world so irresponsibly! … Ah! Wait!
… Eh, I didn’t notice this before, but– Just how old are you? Were you already a goddess before the mobile fortress was built?
… Hey Kazuma, how could you ask a goddess her age? You’ll receive divine retribution, all right? … Let me make this clear, time flows very slowly in the room you and I first met, which means my age’s different from your understanding of age. If you get it, don’t ask this question again. You’ll really receive divine retribution if you do, Satou Kazuma-san.
Tch, grandma…
What did you say? Are you kidding me, who’s a grandma? Didn’t I tell you that time passes slowly in that place, so change the way you address me! I’ve just lived a bit longer than you, ahhh!
Damn it, where’s the railgun? Since it’s long as a laundry pole, I should be able to find it immediately–!
Hey Kazuma, the time flow in Japan, heaven and this world are all different. For example, one month in Japan’s just an hour in heaven, but is several months in this world. And so, my age… Hey, are you listening?
That’s not important! We need to find the railgun! Railgun! Help me find it! It’s something as long as a laundry pole…
Hey Aqua! I understand, that weapon’s at…!
Ha, this still works, I tried using magic to substitute batteries and it really works. How many game cartridges work with this? I’ll bring as many back as I can…
Get lost!
Waaahhhh! My Game Girl!
Give it back! Return my Game Girl to me! You can’t find another one in this world! Compensate me! When we go back to Axel, compensate me with all the bounty you have! Judging by its rarity, three hundred million would be a pretty cheap price!
Are you done yet? Now’s not the time for this!! And that thing isn’t yours anyway! You’re so much older than me, so why do you keep saying such childish things?
You’ve done it now, I already said that goddesses are forever young! I’ll make you regret aggravating the goddess of water! I’ll curse you, your toilet won’t flush and your warm bath water will turn cold!
All right, now to bring this thing to the Crimson Demons… Hmm?
Isn’t that Yunyun? What’s she doing there…?
Yunyun…!
Yunyun, she…!
The daughter of the village chief Yunyun, she…!
Is the sun rising from the west? That weirdo Yunyun who doesn’t even dare introduce herself is…
… So, it’s true that your adventurer’s card doesn’t have the teleport spell… Is it a good idea to tell me voluntarily that you can’t use Teleport to escape?
Kazuma, did you find the weapon? We noticed that Komekko wasn’t at the shelter, so Yunyun volunteered to attract Sylvia’s attention. We used this chance to rescue her from the house…
It’s great that all of you are safe. I also found the weapon. By the way, what’s with Darkness? Did something happen?
I tried to lure Sylvia away… It was working well at first, but in the end, she said, ‘I can’t be bothered to fight a woman with weak attacks and tough defense’…
I understand, it couldn’t be helped. But right now, let’s find a way to rescue Yunyun…
No, we’ll only get in the way if we go now! She must’ve planned something! It’s fine, from the way the grass around the boulder was trampled, someone’s already sneaking there to save her, let’s just watch from here!
I’m Yunyun… An Archwizard… User of Advanced Magic…
The number one mage of the Crimson Demons, and the one who’ll become the village chief!
What!?
Demon King’s General, Sylvia! As the daughter of the Crimson Demon chieftain…! I’ll show you the taboo spell that’s passed on through the generations of the chieftains!
… Ugh… Ugh…!
Yunyun! Yunyun, she! Yunyun, she has finally awakened!
The daughter of the village chief, Yunyun, has finally broken out of her cocoon!
Too cool! Yunyun’s too cool!
Her powers within her have finally awakened!
That’s my student! I taught and trained her with so much care!! Well done Yunyun, you’ve used the knowledge I taught you well…!
What’s the matter? Little girl who can’t use Teleport. Little girl, aren’t you a typical Crimson Demon who merely put up a facade by saying a secret technique, certain kill, and trump cards? If not, why don’t you show me your so called ‘taboo spell’?
I won’t let you escape, I won’t let you escape, I won’t let you escape, I won’t…!
Hey…! Wait…!
Teleport!
… Fufu, hahaha! This is the strongest group of mages? Aren’t you all just bastards who can only make big talk? Everyone who’s involved with you must be third rate!
Hey Aqua, prepare to attack while her guard is down. Compress that clothes destroying spell into this thing. Our mission is just to bring this back, but we might as well go for gold!
Hoho, it’s finally time for a professional like me to take the field. No problem, leave the final attack to me!
Sacred Exorcism!
Snipe!
Hmm?
Hey, what the hell? Is it broken? Or did I leave the safety on…?
Sacred Exorcism! Sacred Exorcism!
Here, here, let me try. You can fix machines by doing this!
Hey Darkness, knock somewhere higher… Yes, right there. Maybe the mana’s stuck there.
By the way, that’s the so-called weapon? It looks like the laundry pole Chekera treats like a family heirloom… Maybe some dirt is stuck inside? Let’s clean it with something like a stick.
Hey… Hey, hey…!
What? Try casting your spell again! Maybe the spell just now isn’t compatible with the railgun, try another spell…!
Ara, ara, what are you all doing there? Hmm, what’s that? You’re holding something interesting!!
Wait a moment boy! Put that thing onto the ground slowly. It looks dangerous, that’s what my intuition as a Demon King’s General is telling me!
Wait! Really, Kazuma, your stats are so much lower than me, but why are you so fast at running away? Did you learn the ‘Escape’ skill just for this? Don’t leave me behind!
Do-don’t say I’m heavy! It’s my armor that’s heavy!
You can’t escape, Satou Kazuma! And listen up, Crimson Demons! From this day forth, I’ll be your nemesis! No matter which corner of the Earth you run to, I’ll find you all and wipe you out! I’ll crush your village no matter where you build it!
Cowardly Crimson Demons! All of you, and anyone who’s related to you, will live a life of running until the end of your days!
Big sister’s not a coward!
I can’t pretend I didn’t hear that. This is an affair between the Crimson Demons and the Demon King’s army. If Kazuma hands the weapon over, would you let the three of them go?
Ara, aren’t you that little girl with a weak sense of presence? Speaking of which, I haven’t seen you using magic yet. What kind of ‘port’ would the spell be?
I have yet to introduce myself. My name’s Megumin. Also, I’m the real number one mage of the Crimson Demons.
You’re really a unique Crimson Demon… So, you won’t introduce yourself in a weird way? For the Crimson Demons, isn’t acting cool important to you?
Big sister’s amazing! Her spell’s so powerful she even destroyed an evil god!
I’ll leave Komekko to you. A newborn calf doesn’t fear the tiger, she’ll make a lot of enemies that way. I’ll destroy that thing with my certain kill spell.
Hey!
Ara, ara, this again, certain kill magic! I’m tired of hearing that!
What’s wrong with Hyoizaburoi’s daughter? She’s always been boisterous.
She needs to build more tension if she wants to use a certain kill spell!
The opening speech is too plain, too plain!
… Hey Megumin, I have something to tell you.
Kazuma, you–
I heard from Aqua earlier… Kazuma can read the ancient language in the underground warehouse, right?
… Sorry for making you clean up after I made a mess. This time, I’ll clean up after Kazuma.
Little girl, are you done? You won’t take the initiative anyway, right? When I attack, you’ll teleport away at the right moment, right?
Hey, you guys! Get away from Sylvia! As far as you can!
As expected of Megumin’s comrade! He’s an outsider, but he knows how to set the atmosphere!
He’s pretty good… That anxious face looks like he’s being serious.
Idiots! She’s really going to use a certain kill spell now! Run away! Run away quickly!
You’re still so persistent in your fetish even under the threat of death!
To protect Komekko, I’ll just stand far away.
Certain kill spell? … I, I don’t care if it’s Blast or Detonation, it won’t harm me since I’ve merged with the Mage Killer! Try it if you don’t believe me! It’s futile, time to die…!
Explosion—!!
Huh?
Huh?
Scaring me for nothing, you little brat! Watch me tear you into pieces!
Damn it! Because of this junk, the situation became worse!
Ka-Kazuma, Sylvia’s charging this way! I’ll leave Megumin who’s exhausted her mana to you! Don’t worry about me, let me enjoy myself for a few hours before rescuing me…
Kazuma! As a goddess, protecting a frail life like Komekko is  my obligation, so I’ll make a move first!
Hey, that thing’s beeping.
Demon King’s General, Sylvia! Remember my name! Send my regards to the other generals in hell! My name’s Sa–
… Hmm? Could, could it be, that I…?
I’m Komekko! The number one demonic sister of the Crimson Demons! The one who’s stronger than a Demon King’s general!
What the hell.
… Hey Megumin, what’s with this? How is the reconstruction proceeding so fast?
What do you mean? I don’t know how long reconstruction takes in other cities, but you shouldn’t compare us to them.
… Just tell me, how long does it take to return the village back to the way it was?
Three days.
… I saw a girl saying sadly, ‘The village is burning…’ or something like that, and felt really guilty about it.
That’s strange. If it’s just a fire, it’ll be simple to rebuild. Everyone in the village should know that… What does she look like?
… That’s her.
What? You’ve some business with me, outsider? Hey, Megumin, I was just looking for you.
Hey Arue, long time no see.
Megumin, could you look at this, I just finished the ‘Legend of the Crimson Demon Hero’ chapter two. The scene about the burning of the Crimson Demon village is really descriptive; I’m really confident about it.
Hoho, let me read your masterpiece…
So, it’s you, ahhh!!
Ahhh?
Ahhh… My, my masterpiece…!! The crystallization of my efforts after staying up all week…!!
This is the first time I’ve seen Arue who’s usually cool and collected acting like this.
It’s your fault…! All because of you! Do you know how much I was looking forward to it and how happy I was? Do you know how depressed I became? Stop toying with a man’s heart!
Me-Megumin, what’s with this rude man? Doing something so mean to someone he just met! I’m really scared!
You created a series of misunderstandings that almost scared me to death! You even said something like, ‘The village is burning…’! And what was with your new work? While we were risking death in battle outside, you were snuggling at home and writing that? Do you know how much trouble I went through because of the doodling you mailed to Yunyun?
Doodling?
Hey, both of you calm down, this is the first time you’ve met, so why are you two so…? Hey! … You two! If you keep on fighting, I’ll use my super high stats to make you taste some suffering!
– Kazuma, what’s with you? You were in a good mood when all of us were having dinner, but your face looks bad after going out for a while.
What’s with me? Your ‘mixed hot spring’ is that ‘what’! Is that naming a joke? It’s not mixed gender and it’s not a hot spring, so why use such a name?
Oh, so that’s where you went. That’s one of the attractions in this village, a place all visitors should visit.
This village is too much! I can’t even take a bath without being toyed with! Really, this is the worst vacation!
I’m very satisfied with this vacation though.
… Really, I was targeted by orcs, then by Sylvia these past few days–people I’d rather not have anything to do with.
What a coincidence, me too.
I, I’m really sorry…
If Kazuma feels guilty about it, then… Right, tell me something fun. I want to hear about stories from the country Kazuma lived in.
– And so, I reacted on the spot and asked the girl next door to use the money to buy chocolate and send it to me by today. I even promised that she could keep the change. In the end, the plan proceeded smoothly, so my younger brother only got a chocolate from my mother, but I had my mother’s as well as the one bought by that girl. At this moment, the long competition between my brother and I concluded, and I defended my pride as the elder brother.
So, you hired a helper to win the battle. I’m relieved that Kazuma was like this in the past too… But that’s such a strange custom, is it really that bad to not receive any chocolate on that day?
Bad isn’t even close to describing it. If I can go back in time, I’ll kill the guy who invented such a damnable culture. That’s how pitiful any man who doesn’t receive any chocolate is. And overcoming that wasn’t the end. We have to return the favor to the girls.
… Return the favor? What’s that?
If you receive chocolates from a girl, you’ll have to give something three times as expensive to the girl one month later as thanks. That’s how evil it was. If you don’t, you would be completely shunned by the girls. You’ll be mocked if you don’t get chocolate, and even if you do, you’ll still need to break the bank. This day is that sinful and dirty.
Why didn’t you receive any chocolate? You might lack some basic manners as a person, but from my observation after spending so much time with you, you still have some good points too. For example, you’re very, very… Gentle…? No. Down to earth…? Wrong too… Hmm? … Hmm? Have your life in order? But you were in debt… Eh, how should I put this…?
Put this my ass! Work harder in stating my good points!
… Eh, you’re not very honest about it, but you’re always concerned about your comrades…? I don’t hate this part about Kazuma.
If I go to the country Kazuma lived in… When it’s Valentine’s, I’ll give you chocolates. You can show it off to your brother then.
Didn’t you hear what I said? That whatever-tines is a day when you give chocolates to someone you like. If you give chocolate recklessly just because you’re a bit close to a boy, that boy will immediately misunderstand and end up miserable. Don’t do that. If you do something like that in my country, you’ll be labeled an easy woman.
But, I do like you.
What did you just say? Please repeat it exactly again.
I don’t dislike you.
Hey, that’s different from what you said just now, you think my memory’s that poor?
Kazuma, if…
What? What is it? I’m all prepared and ready to go!
Kazuma, if it was possible…
– Do you want an excellent mage?
Ah! It’s ‘the one with azure lightning on her back’, Yunyun! Long time no see! I’m going for breakfast, want to join me?
… How popular, ‘the one with azure lightning on her back’. It’s just a meal, so why don’t you just join her?
Don’t say it! Stop using that name! Wh-why did I do something so stupid…?
Oh, it’s ‘crackling thunder’ Yunyun! I’m just going to eat…
Not going! I’m not going!!
… How popular, ‘crackling thunder’. Just let him treat you to breakfast.
No! Please don’t say it! Don’t give me weird nicknames!
What are you saying, number one mage of the Crimson Demons? You ignored me and used that name, and now you say you don’t want one, how selfish! Come, show me that cool pose again!
Do-don’t say it! Megumin’s still bothered by that? I only borrowed it for a while!
The two of you are so close.
Let’s go! The teleporter already registered the destination to Axel! We need to hurry up and get ready for the teleport!
Ah, wait for me Megumin!
Ah, Funifura, Dodonko.
It’s been a while, Yunyun and useless mage! How’ve you been?
Ahahaha! The number one genius of the Crimson Demons became the number one useless mage! You’re now the talk of the village!
Hey, your greetings are really special for meeting a classmate you haven’t met for so long!
It-it’s just a joke! Sorry, I’m sorry! It’s been so long, so why are you still so aggressive?
Stop, what’s with the strength of your grip? What level are you now, it hurts! Violence is prohibited!
… Um, you were very cool yesterday. Up until now, I’ve always thought of you as a weirdo… Many things happened too.
Yeah, I’ve changed my opinion of you too! Yunyun’s so cool!
No.
Please don’t say anymore.
The two of you are a bit off in some ways, so we were worried about you.
That’s right, Megumin acts childishly sometimes and Yunyun looks like she’d be an easy target of bad boys. But we’re relieved that the two of you are doing well.
Kazuma-san, allow me to introduce them. This is Funifura and Dodonko. During my school days, they were my… fr-friends!
How do you do? My name’s Satou Kazuma. I’m one of Yunyun’s friends and I’ve been in her care. Please take care of me too.
Ple-please take care of me too!
Hey, I understand you two don’t have a lot of chances to meet guys, but please don’t flirt with my man.
?
He-hey, what did you say…? So, you were serious when you said you liked me last night?
!!
Ma-Ma-Man? That Megumin who didn’t care about anything other than magic has a man? Is this a lie? It is right? You like him as a boyfriend?
That-That-That’s right, it must be. Megumin who isn’t concerned about such things suddenly having a man is impossible, huh?
Ka-Kazuma-san? Is this true? Me-Megumin made such a confession…
Don’t think too much about this–Kazuma already met my parents and gifted them with snacks. We’ve even bathed together before and had been sharing the same bed and blanket with our bodies rubbing against each other. That’s how simple our relationship is.
!!
… Pfft.
!!
… Wah, wahhh! So-so what if you have a man, ahhh!
I-I’m not envious! I’m not envious at all, ahhh!
Yunyun, there’s a place I want to go with Kazuma. Sorry, but can you go ahead and ask the teleporter to get ready?
Huh? That, that’s… Um, I can do that…! So, you two are really…?
Even if one of us found a boyfriend, we’ll still be friends forever!
Wah, wahhh! You normally won’t say I’m a friend! I don’t feel like I lost to Megumin at all!!
Kazuma… I asked you yesterday, and I’ll ask you again. You want an excellent mage, right?
If you asked if I want one, then the answer is yes, of course.
Is that so… Hmm, I made up my mind.
I plan to start learning advanced magic.
… Hey, what did you say?
I’ve been feeling troubled, even before Yunyun said I was a useless mage. Maybe I wouldn’t have considered such things if I never met you, Aqua, and Darkness, and kept on raising my Explosion level. It’s evident from meeting Funifura and Dodonko that everyone in the village of the Crimson Demons must be utterly disappointed in me… I won’t be a burden for you anymore. I’ll be of help to you and everyone… So, that’s why, from this day forth, I’ll seal my explosion magic.
Hey, wait a minute. While it’ll be a big help if you can use advanced magic, there’s no need to seal away your explosion magic. We won’t be doing quests every day, so you can cast your explosion spell every day if you’re free. Also, instead of using it every day, it can be a trump card during crucial moments…! And didn’t you tell Yunyun earlier that you put all your skill points into increasing the power of Explosion and raising the chanting speed?
You remember it well. To learn this skill at any moment, I had been saving up my precious skill points… After chanting Explosion and exhausting my mana, I won’t be able to use other spells for the day. On the other hand, if I use advanced magic, I won’t be able to use Explosion which requires all my mana. When I learn advanced magic, I need to keep on casting it to increase my proficiency, and I would need to keep on practicing it.
At the destination of thy journey, there’ll be a time when thy comrade shares their doubts and approaches thee for advice. That comrade will change her path according to thy words. Thou should consider it carefully and give an advice thy won’t regret.
Sorry, Kazuma. Can I ask you to do something mean?
… You can’t press the button to learn advanced magic yourself, so you want me to help you press it, right?
How about thinking over it again? We already got a huge sum of money in the bank, right? We don’t need to do dangerous quests anymore. We can live a carefree life in that mansion, you can wipe out some small fries with Explosion every now and then, and all of us can live happily ever after.
When I said I didn’t plan to learn intermediate magic last time, Kazuma kept nagging me about it.
… You won’t regret this?
I won’t. I don’t want to be a burden anymore. If I’m a normal Crimson Demon, Kazuma won’t be chased by orcs and be forced into tears… Sylvia wouldn’t have been able to kidnap Kazuma, either… I’m the number one mage of the Crimson Demons, the one who wields the power of advanced magic! … I’ll say that from now on. I have more mana than Yunyun, so if I can use advanced magic, I’ll be the strongest mage of the Crimson Demons. I won’t let Yunyun take my number one spot.
It’s about time to go back to the others! Together with Aqua and Darkness, let’s go back to Axel. Oh right, the bounty for Sylvia’s really high, right?
Hmm, is that so? Let’s go back and have a party then.
Oh, that’s right. Megumin, try casting an explosion spell.
… You’re really… I just steeled myself, and not five minutes later, you want me to cast Explosion? Just what are you thinking?
From where I was from, there’s a saying ‘I’ll work hard tomorrow.’ Also, I’ve yet to see a one-hundred-point Explosion from you. The Explosion that defeated Sylvia borrowed the power of the weapon too. Are you fine with your final Explosion being so lackluster?
… You really don’t hold back, do you? All right, this will be my final Explosion spell. I’ll show you a powerful shot!
… Wait, Me-Megumin. Hold on. Don’t aim so close, set your target further away. You’ll be giving it your all for this ultimate blow, right? Then aim at that boulder over there.
I don’t mind, but that’s barely within my range … Well then, let me show you my full power final Explosion!
Explosion–!!
I’m Megumin! The number one mage in Axel, an Archwizard that uses Explosion, and the one who’ll reach the peak of Explosion Magic!
How many points was that Explosion?
One hundred and twenty points.
My own home’s the best after all! I don’t want to go on any more trips for now! Something’s wrong if a hikikomori like me keeps traveling around!
Really Kazuma, showing your bum nature immediately. But for some reason, seeing you like this makes me feel at ease. It’s like I don’t need to work hard anymore.
Aqua, you’re just relieved after seeing your own kind! Don’t be depraved and learn that guy, he’s a negative example!
Don’t say that. In the end, Kazuma performed quite admirably this time. He deciphered the ancient language and found out how to use the weapon. He even defeated Sylvia.
We only defeated Sylvia because of Megumin’s power. I merely directed it.
No, no, if not for the weapon that converts magic into pure destructive power, I wouldn’t be of much use. This is all thanks to Kazuma who brought the weapon there.
… Hey Aqua, what’s with the two of them? I think something’s different about them after the trip… Co-could it be, when they were sleeping in the same bed, they…?
Hey, don’t talk nonsense, I didn’t do anything wrong! Hey Megumin, we didn’t… Hey, deny it properly! They’ll become suspicious!
When did you bring the game console back? Hey, let me play too, this item is most suited for a gamer like me!
If you want to borrow it, you need to pay the price! Specifically speaking, clean the bathroom for me tomorrow!
Excuse me, is anybody there?
Is someone there… Oh, greetings sir. Are you the owner of this mansion…? What, what are you doing sir! Stop…!
I don’t know where you came from, but it’s probably some troublesome problems! Go back, you harbinger!
Kazuma, use Drain Touch! Suck his life force and knock him out! Then throw him outside and pretend he never came here!!
What are the both of you doing suddenly? Hey Kazuma! Stop it!
I can empathize with you on why you don’t want to get involved with any trouble, but you can’t assault someone you just met!
What, aren’t you Hagen? Didn’t I tell you to not come to this mansion unless there’s an emergency? I’m not worried about you giving me trouble, rather, like just now– I was afraid that you’ll suffer inhumane treatment…
Young lady, naturally, I’m here for a matter of grave importance. Actually…
No, don’t wanna! This has nothing to do with me, so don’t make me listen, don’t involve me! I don’t want to go anywhere or go near danger! I want to safely stay at home!
I’m concerned about the hygiene of the toilet after the trip, I’ll go clean it!
What’s the matter? Did something happen at home?
It’s really terrible young lady! If this goes on, your only good point will disappear!
Hey, wait, what happened to Darkness’s only good point? Is it sagging? Is her slutty body going to sag? I’ve always found it strange, her body’s way too sexy! She must’ve used her money and authority to get magic items that make her boobs big!
What are you talking about? My strong point would be defense… That’s not it! Hagen, you’re too mean, I should have more strong points…! Say it Megumin, Aqua, I should have other strong points too, right?
Instead of that, does the breast enlargement magic item exist? If there is, please…
Kazuma and the old man are too mean! Our Darkness has many good points! She’s soft hearted and agrees to anything if you plead to her in tears. She believes everything that you teach her, so it doesn’t get boring-ow ow ow! Stop it Darkness, my head’s going to explode! I’m praising you, so what are you doing?
That’s wrong! If this goes on, the old master might be stripped of his nobility and the young lady will become a peasant! The unworldly young lady will only be able to make a living by selling her slutty body– Young lady! Please don’t do that to my old bones, I’ll die!
…? What’s this?
It’s a letter from the royal palace. Young lady, after you read it, you’ll understand the crisis impending on House Dustiness. And this is related to Satou-san over there…
… What’s it about?
No-no-nothing at all! This has nothing to do with Kazuma-sama! Please don’t mind it!
Show me the letter.
No, I refuse. No, I apologize for dragging you in every time. Hey, that’s what you said, right? You don’t want to be involved in troublesome matters anymore! And so, this matter–
Steal!
Ah!
Kazuma, let’s reject this invitation! If anything happens to first princess Iris, we’ll lose our heads! It’ll be a big problem if one of us did anything rude! You know nothing about ceremony and etiquette, right? You hate such restrictive events, right? Am I right? Let’s reject it! Yes, that’s right, the Dustiness house will book a good restaurant and we’ll only invite close friends to hold a party that commemorates your achievements! So…!
Our time has finally come!
What can I do for you, Kazuma-dono.
May I trouble you to prepare some coffee to freshen me up, Sebastian?
It’s Heidel.
Thank you, Heidel.
… Kazuma’s been grinning by himself disgustingly for a while now. Well, it is spring now, so it can’t be helped if he turns dumb.
I want a younger sister.
Hey Darkness, we have to take turns, all right? I’m next, right? I will be the one to defeat the final boss.
No, wait, didn’t Aqua and Megumin take out bosses in real life? At least let me finish it in the game.
No, as a Crimson Demon, I won’t back down on the issue of dealing the final blow. And the final boss is definitely a powerful foe. If we let the bumbling Darkness do it, we will need to try several times again before defeating it.
Listen to me ahhhhh!
Waahhhhh! Stop it, we’re about to beat the game! Everybody spent so much time to finally reach this stage!
Here, I beat the boss with no damage! Are you happy now?
Not at all!! Why did you snatch it at the most crucial part!! How are you going to compensate all the effort we spent to reach this stage? It took us three whole days to make it here!
Shut up, just give me the game again. It will take me about three hours to arrive to the same point with no damage.
Stop, no! Don’t trample over our efforts!
I thought your performance at the Crimson Demons village wasn’t bad, but deep inside, you’re still a jerk! Does mocking our efforts make you happy? Megumin, say something too!!
… Eh, well, he was the only one excluded, so that’s kind of pitiful for him. At the Crimson Demon Village or in the past, Kazuma would always be dependable at the very end. What happened just now was sort of like our style, right?
Eh?
Wait, Megumin, what’s wrong? You’re usually the first to pounce on Kazuma. What happened to the most violent delinquent in Axel?
Yeah, Megumin looks as if she has the most potential of taking the top-tier job ‘Berserker’ out of everyone here; there’s no way she would act like this. Hey Kazuma, what exactly happened in the Crimson Demon village?
The two of you are too rude! I’m an Archwizard, known for calmness and maturity!… Anyway Kazuma, what’s with you all of a sudden? If you want a sister, instead of discussing with us, you should ask your parents, right?
I already told my parents plenty of times that I want a younger sister. And it must be a sister that is not related to me by blood, so they need to hurry up and divorce, and remarry with someone that has a daughter. That was the first time my parents beat me up.
They must be wonderful parents not to have chased out a son who said something like that.
Nevermind about my parents! I can’t even go back to my country anyway, so there’s no point talking about them. The important thing is –!
The healing type big sister Wiz, the energetic girl Chris, the cold big sister type Sena, and the unlucky type Yunyun! There’s even the orthodox main heroine Eris-sama– I have met all types of beauties!
Kazuma-san Kazuma-san, what about me? What type of beauty am I?
You’re a complementary type or a pet type. Come on, this is the crucial part, so leave that till later!
… I realized something important. It is not complete yet. In the country I was born in, Japan, I sort of have a childhood friend too… So, you understand what else is missing?
… You really are hopeless. So what you’re saying is, you want me to fill the role of your sister?
What are you talking about? Megumin, you’re the loli type.
Eh?
Um, what type of beauty am I…
You’re the one in charge of the erotic stuff.
Lewdness?
You see, when we went to the Crimson Demon village, didn’t Megumin have a little sister? I felt back then that I should have a little sister too… You all know what I’m saying?
Not at all.
The Princess… seemed to be younger than me, so maybe she is a younger sister type…
… Hey Kazuma. It’s not too late to reject the invitation! Okay? The other party is one of the heads of the kingdom! It might be a meal together, but it won’t go as you expected. It will definitely be boring! All right? Everyone, just ignore this invitation!
… You must be thinking that we’ll do something rude in the presence of the Princess, right?
Hey, look me in the eyes, don’t use honorifics you’re not used to, and say it again. You’re worried that we’ll make some mistakes that would tarnish the reputation of the Dustiness family, right?
Is that right? You’re too much, Darkness! We know when to behave ourselves!
Unbelievable! Darkness, you think we’ll do anything that’ll be detrimental to you? We’re comrades! Please trust us a bit more!
Ug… Ughhh… To be honest, I know you all too well, that’s why I’m worried…
I know our difference in status and am aware of the basic etiquettes. I’m just excited to see a lady from high society, that’s all.
Hey hey, I’m a lady from high society too!
That’s right, I need to buy a tuxedo. You all don’t have dresses, right? Let’s go and tailor some.
Great idea! I want to wear something other than a Hagoromo too! But can they complete it in time?
I want a black gown, of course. Something that has an air of maturity.
You, you guys… She is the Princess of a kingdom, you know? You might lose your heads if you say anything wrong! Kazuma, warn them too…
Come to think of it, a tuxedo is too common. All right, to leave a good impression on the Princess, I’ll make a set of Kimono and Hakama…
Please, I’ll do anything! I’ll do anything I can, so don’t wear something weird to the event!
Well then, the week before the princess and her entourage arrives–since you went that far, I’ll leave all the household chores to you.
… I, I understand. I’m serious about what I said in the Crimson Demon village. It seems that I’ve underestimated you.
At a time like this, you should say, ‘As you wish, master.
… Um … Ugh!! As, as you wish, master! I’m a dirty sow…!!
I didn’t tell you to go that far.
So, what should I do? To be honest, I’ve never done household chores before, so I don’t know where to start. Anyway, should I spill tea onto your pants right between the legs, and then rush over in a panic to wipe it?
Don’t brew tea anymore in the future.
Er, just clean up the place for now. Don’t wash the plates and cutleries, you’ll probably break them. I’ve had enough of losing money in such cliche scenes.
… Eh… As you wish…
Hyaahhh!
I’m very sorry master! I broke master’s important vase! No matter what kind of punishment it is, I…!
I don’t have any vase and wouldn’t treat some shoddy vase like a treasure, but if you break something important to me, I’ll punish you by making you wear that maid costume to the adventurer’s guild.
?
… Ugh, you’ve always been of scant use, but you just have to pick this moment to clean it so thoroughly…! I wanted to pick a bone with you and order the Crusader Lalatina to parade around the adventurer’s guild in maid attire as punishment.
Fufu, I won’t be punished so easily. You’re still the guy who can guess what I hate the most… And please, stop calling me Lalatina.
… Ugh, I thought you would mix up the salt and sugar…!
If I read the labels carefully, I won’t make such a mistake. And as an adventurer, I can still do simple tasks like cooking meat.
Hmph, I used high quality meat. How’s the taste?
Average.
?
… Um, is there really a need to clean the toilet?
… Pr-Probably not.
– Really? Is this really the most important job of a maid? You’re not bullying me because I’m unworldly? At least, my father didn’t ask the maids employed in my house to do this!
It’s true! In my country, maids who don’t do this aren’t fit to be maids!
Hey, your smile’s too stiff! Why do you look so unfriendly? How scary! Give a cuter smile and say, ‘Welcome home!’.
W-Welcome home master!
Wrong! Your hands should be like this! Legs like that! Lean forward to emphasize your body parts! Isn’t your only strong point your erotic body? Quick, again!
Welcome home master! I might like to be teased, but if you go too far, my other strong point, my grip strength, will…!
Ahhh, it’s breaking, my head’s going to explode! Something’s coming out! I’m sorry!!
Seriously. If the punishment or bullying were more exciting for me, I wouldn’t mind doing it to you.
You might say that now, but you’ll shirk away just before crossing the last line.
However, you’re not too opposed to the maid costume. You should try wearing more frilly clothes sometimes.
… I know very well whether cute clothes suit me. That’s why, I want to wear casual clothes when doing house chores tomorrow…
I won’t give in on that.
Yo, sorry for the intrusion.
Ah, welcome, Kazuma-san! We’re just bringing in the fire-starting item invented by Kazuma-san!
Kazuma, Kazuma, quick, show me the power of this magic item!
This isn’t a magic item, I told you that this is a convenient tool from my country! Here, watch carefully.
Oh?
This, this is very convenient! Really, it’s just like tinder magic! Kazuma-san, this will definitely sell!
The structure’s simple, but it’s unexpectedly useful. It’s hard to believe this isn’t a magic item. And if you use it sparingly, it’ll last a long time.
I want one too. Flintstones don’t work well in wet places, and starting a fire wastes a lot of time too. Bringing flammable materials to start a fire’s troublesome, and keeping it dry is also a pain. This will solve all the problems I mentioned. Wiz, Kazuma, can you sell me one? How much is it?
No need. After all, this is something Kazuma-san invented; we merely produced it. Everyone helped with the development of the merchandize too. Please pick one you like.
Really, what a bunch of hillbillies. Being happy over a lighter. It’s easy to make something like this. That’s why people who are behind the times…
… What’s with you, Kazuma? Let me pick one too.
No, pay for it first.
Ahhh? Why, why are you only mean to me? Wiz already said she’s giving them to us! Why’s it fine for Darkness and Megumin but not me, don’t just exclude me!
I’d be fine with it if you didn’t mock the three of them. Anyway, you were completely uninvolved in this, right? Wiz is the shopkeeper, Megumin shared with me her knowledge of how the Crimson Demons craft magic items, and Darkness introduced me to a lot of merchant wholesalers. While all this was happening, didn’t you just stay in the mansion eating and sleeping and eating again? If you want a share, then go outside and attract some customers.
Wahhh! Kazuma, you unfair fellow! And I was thinking about keeping the fact that you sniff our laundry a secret!
Hey wait! I-I didn’t do that! Don’t talk such nonsense, hey! … Really! Megumin, Darkness, don’t look at me like that… Wait, why’s Wiz doing that too? No, I’m being framed!
… If I attract lots of customers, can you give me one?
Fine, I will! And resolve this misunderstanding before you go!
… But, this is an amazing amount of people.
… True.
… It would be great if all of them are customers here to buy the merchandize…
… True.
… E-Even customers who were planning to visit us had been drawn over to her…
Dammit! Ahhh, what the hell’s that girl doing!
Next, from this piece of normal handkerchief! Suddenly, pigeons will fly out!
Uuooohh?
That’s too many! What, how did she do it? This is physically impossible!
Who, who knows… I didn’t feel any mana, so it shouldn’t be summoning magic, and it’s not possible to hide the pigeons anywhere… Eh, so how did she…?
Ah, please don’t throw money. I’m not a busker, so no money please.
What, what’s with this terrible sight…?
Next, I’ll count to three and all these potions will disappear without a trace! Even I won’t know where it’ll go! Let’s start counting!
Don’t do that, thee imbecile!! What in the heavens art thee doing? Art thee not satisfied with sprinkling holy water on the handles of our shop? Art thee finally disrupting moi business openly?